===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
                      Indegene Limited   
                                                                                                                                                                    Third Floor, Aspen G-4 Block, Manyata Embassy  
Business Park (SEZ), Outer Ring Road, Nagawara, Bengaluru- 
560 045, Karnataka, India  
Phone: +91 80 4674 4567, +91 80 4644 7777  
compliance.officer@indegene.com  
www.indegene.com 
CIN: L73100KA1998PLC102040   
  
INDGN/SE/2026-27/30 
 
17 July 2026 
 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001, India. 
Scrip Code: 544172 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051, India. 
Trading symbol: INDGN 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Subject: Submission of Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26 along with Notice of 28th Annual General Meeting 
 
In compliance with Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
(“SEBI Listing Regulations”) please find enclosed the Annual Report of Indegene Limited (“the Company”) for the FY 
2025-26 along with the Notice of the 28th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) being held on Thursday, 13th August, 2026 
at 16:30 hours (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means  (“OAVM”), in compliance with 
applicable circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA circulars’), and as per the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Rules framed thereunder (“the Act”) and SEBI Listing Regulations, to transact the business 
as set out in the Notice convening the AGM.  
 
The Notice of the 28th AGM and the Annual Report of the Company for the F Y 2025-26, have been sent through 
electronic mode to those Members whose e -mail IDs are registered with the Company/Registrar & Share Transfer 
Agent (‘RTA’)/Depository Participant(s) (‘DPs’). 
 
Further, in accordance with the Regulation 36(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has initiated sending 
a letter to the Shareholders whose e -mail IDs are not registered with the Company/RTA/DPs, providing a web -link 
from where the Annual Report can be accessed on the website of the Company. 
 
The Annual Report containing the Notice of the AGM is also available on the website of the Company: 
https://www.indegene.com/   
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking You 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Indegene Limited  
 
 
 
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No. A21609 
Encl: A/a 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Indegene Limited
01
Date:17 July 2026
Dear Members,
You are cordially invited to attend the Twenty-Eighth Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the members of Indegene Limited 
(“the Company”) to be held on Thursday, 13 August 2026 at 1630 hours IST through Video Conference (“VC”) and Other Audio 
Visual Means (“OAVM”).
The Notice of the AGM, containing the business to be transacted, is enclosed herewith.
In accordance with Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the related rules and Regulation 44 of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), as amended, the Company is pleased to provide its members the facility to cast their vote electronically on all 
resolutions set forth in the Notice.
Yours Truly,
Sd/-
Manish Gupta
Chairman, Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
DIN: 00219273
Enclosures:
1. Notice of the 28th AGM
2. Instructions for e-voting
3. Instructions for participation through VC

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
02
Notice of the 28th Annual General Meeting
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE TWENTY-EIGHTH 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (“AGM”) OF THE MEMBERS 
OF INDEGENE LIMITED WILL BE HELD ON THURSDAY, 
13 AUGUST 2026, AT 1630 HOURS IST THROUGH VIDEO 
CONFERENCE (“VC”) / OTHER AUDIO VISUAL  MEANS 
(“OAVM”) TO TRANSACT THE FOLLOWING BUSINESS:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
Item no. 1
TO RECEIVE, CONSIDER AND ADOPT FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial 
Statements (including the Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements) of the Company for the financial year ended 31 
March 2026, together with Reports of the Board of Directors 
and Auditors thereon.
Item no. 2
TO DECLARE FINAL DIVIDEND
To declare a final dividend of ` 2.25 /- per equity share of ` 2/- 
each for the financial year ended 31 March 2026.
Item no. 3
TO APPOINT MR. MANISH GUPTA, (DIN: 00219273) AS A 
DIRECTOR, LIABLE TO RETIRE BY ROTATION
To appoint a director in place of Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 
00219273), who retires by rotation and being eligible, offers 
himself for re-appointment.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Section 
152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
modification and re-enactment thereof), and the Articles 
of Association of the Company, Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 
00219273), Chairman, Executive Director & Chief Executive 
Officer, who retires by rotation and being eligible be and is 
hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company, whose 
office shall be liable to retire by rotation.
Item no. 4
TO APPOINT DR. SANJAY SURESH PARIKH, (DIN: 
00219278) AS A DIRECTOR, LIABLE TO RETIRE BY 
ROTATION
To appoint a director in place of Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh, 
(DIN: 00219278), who retires by rotation and being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Section 
152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
modification and re-enactment thereof), and the Articles of 
Association of the Company, Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh, (DIN: 
00219278), Executive Director, who retires by rotation and 
being eligible be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of 
the Company, whose office shall be liable to retire by rotation.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS
Item no. 5
TO APPOINT MS. JILL MARY DE SIMONE (DIN:11483134) 
AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the 
Board of Directors and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
149, 150, 152 read with Schedule IV and any other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) 
Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment thereof for the time being in force), and Regulations 
17 and 25(2A) of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended (“Listing Regulations”) 
(including any statutory modification (s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof, for the time being in force) and any other applicable 
provisions of Listing Regulations, Ms. Jill Mary De Simone 
(DIN:11483134) who was appointed as an Additional Director 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
Indegene Limited
03
in the capacity of Independent Director of the Company by the 
Board of Directors on 22 January 2026 pursuant to provisions 
of Section 161(1) of the Act and the Articles of Association 
of the Company and who holds office up to the date of this 
Annual General Meeting and who has submitted a declaration 
that she meets the criteria of independence as provided in 
Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing 
Regulations and who is eligible for appointment and in respect 
of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a 
member under Section 160 of the Act signifying the member’s 
intention to propose appointment of Ms. Jill Mary De Simone 
as an Independent Director of the Company, be and is hereby 
appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a 
term of three consecutive years commencing from 22 January 
2026 up to 21 January 2029 (both days inclusive), and that 
she shall not be liable to retire by rotation.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  pursuant to the provisions 
of Section 197 and 198 read with Schedule V as applicable 
and all other provisions, if any, of the Act and the rules made 
thereunder along with Regulation 17 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, the LODR Regulations (including any 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force) as applicable, and any other applicable 
laws, rules and regulations and pursuant to recommendation 
by the Committee and the Board, the consent of the members 
be and is hereby accorded for payment of commission and 
sitting fees to Ms. Jill Mary De Simone, as the Board may 
approve from time to time subject to overall limits prescribed 
from time to time in terms of the appointment letter and as 
may be determined by the Board for her appointment as an 
Independent Director of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the recommendation 
of the Committee and the Board, approval of the members be 
and is hereby accorded to increase the commission payable to 
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone by ` 2,00,000/- every year during her 
term and the Board (which term shall include any Committee 
thereof for the time being exercising the powers conferred on 
the Board by this resolution) may alter and vary the terms and 
conditions of the commission and sitting fess in such manner 
as may be agreed to between the Board and Ms. Jill Mary De 
Simone within the approved limits.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to the foregoing resolution, the Board (which term shall 
include any Committee thereof for the time being exercising 
the powers conferred on the Board by this resolution) be and 
is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things, 
as it may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper 
or desirable, for giving effect to this resolution and to settle 
any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in respect of 
aforesaid without being required to seek any further consent or 
approval of the members of the Company, or otherwise to the 
end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.”
 By Order of the Board of Directors
For Indegene Limited
Sd/-
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Aspen G4, 3rd floor, MANYATA Embassy
Business Park Outer Ring Road, Nagavara,
Bengaluru – 560045
CIN: L73100KA1998PLC 102040
 Tel: +91 80 4674 4567/+91 8046447777
 Email: compliance.officer@indegene.com
Place: Bangalore 
Date: 17 July 2026
Notes:
1.  The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has, vide 
its General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22 September 
2025, read together with circulars dated 8 April 2020, 13 
April 2020, 5 May 2020, 13 January 2021, 8 December 
2021, 14 December 2021, 5 May 2022, 28 December 
2022, 25 September 2023 and 19 September 2024 
(collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), permitted 
the convening of the Annual General Meeting (“AGM” / 
“Meeting”) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other 
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), without the physical 
presence of members at a common venue. In accordance 
with the MCA Circulars and applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with Rules made 
thereunder and the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the AGM 
of the Company is being held through VC/OAVM. The 
deemed venue for the AGM shall be the registered office 
of the Company.
2.  The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 
of the Act, setting out material facts concerning each 
item under Special Business and recommendations of 
the Board along with the rationale for specific items in 
terms of Listing Regulations is annexed hereto. Further, 
the relevant details pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the 
Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company 

===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
04
Secretaries of India (“ICSI”), in respect of directors 
seeking appointment / reappointment, as the case may 
be, at this AGM are also annexed.
3.  Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated 08 April 
2020, issued by the MCA, the facility to appoint proxy 
to attend and cast vote for the members is not available 
for this AGM. However, the body corporates are entitled 
to appoint authorized representatives to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM and participate therein, and cast their 
votes through e-voting.
4.  Members of the Company under the category of 
Institutional Investors are encouraged to attend and vote 
at the AGM through VC. Corporate members (i.e. other 
than individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) intending to authorize 
their representatives to participate and vote at the 
meeting are requested to either update in the e-voting 
portal or submit a scanned certified copy of the Board 
resolution / Power of Attorney/ authorization letter to the 
Scrutinizer by email to madhweshpcs@acms.pro  with 
a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com . Alternatively, the 
same may also be uploaded by clicking on the “Upload 
Board Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed under the 
“e-voting” tab in their login.
5.  The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM 
mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time 
of the commencement of the Meeting by following 
the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of 
participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be 
made available for 1000 members on first come first 
served basis. This will not include large Shareholders 
(Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), 
Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. 
who are allowed to attend the AGM without restrictions 
on account of first come first served basis.
6.  The attendance of the Members attending the AGM 
through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of 
reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the  Act.
7.  The following documents will be available for inspection 
by the Members electronically during the 28 th AGM. 
Members seeking to inspect such documents can send 
an e-mail to compliance.officer@indegene.com  .
 a)  Certificate from the Secretarial Auditor of the 
Company relating to the Company’s Stock Options 
Plans under Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021.
 b)  Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
and their shareholding maintained under the 
Act, and
 c)  Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the 
Directors are interested, maintained under the Act.
8.  All documents referred to in the Notice will also be 
available for electronic inspection without any fee by 
the Members from the date of circulation of this Notice 
up to the date of AGM, i.e. 13 August 2026. Members 
seeking to inspect such documents can send an e-mail 
to compliance.officer@indegene.com
9.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act 
read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) the 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued 
by the ICSI and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations 
(as amended), and the Circulars issued by the MCA, the 
Company is providing the facility of remote e-voting to 
its Members in respect of the business to be transacted 
at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered 
into an agreement with National Securities Depository 
Limited (“NSDL”) for facilitating voting through electronic 
means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting 
votes by a member using remote e-voting system as well 
as venue voting on the date of the AGM will be provided 
by NSDL.
10.  Members may note that the Board, at its meeting held 
on 29 April 2026, has recommended a final dividend of 
` 2.25 /- per equity share for the financial year ended 
31 March 2026. The final dividend once approved by 
the members in the ensuing AGM will be paid within 
30 days after approval of the members in the ensuing 
AGM, through various modes. The record date for the 
purpose of final dividend is 31 July 2026 i.e. the Dividend 
shall be paid only to those Members whose names are on 
the Company’s Register of Members and to those whose 
names appear as Beneficial Owners as at the close of the 
business hours on Friday, 31 July 2026 as per the details 
to be furnished by the Depositories, viz. NSDL and CDSL 
for this purpose.
11.  Pursuant to SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
POD-1/P/ CIR/2024/37 dated 7 May 2024, read 
with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/
CIR/2024/81 dated 10 June 2024, with effect from 01 
April 2024, dividend to shareholders who are holding 
in physical form shall be paid only through electronic 
mode. Such payment shall be made upon folio being 
KYC compliant i.e. (i) PAN (ii) Choice of Nomination (iii) 
Contact Details (iv) Mobile Number (v) Bank Account 
Details and (vi) Signature. Accordingly, payment of final 
dividend, subject to approval at the AGM, shall be paid to 
physical holders only after the above details are updated 
in their folios. Shareholders are requested to complete 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
Indegene Limited
05
their KYC by writing to the Company’s Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent (“RTA”).
12.  With effect from 18 November 2025, dividends shall be 
processed only in electronic mode, and payment through 
dividend warrants or cheques has been discontinued. 
Payment shall be made subject to:
 •  Folio being KYC compliant, i.e., PAN, contact 
details including Mobile No., bank account details 
and specimen signature are registered with the 
Company/ RTA (for shareholders holding shares in 
physical form)
 •  Updating of bank details with DPs (for shareholders 
holding shares in dematerialized form)
  [SEBI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/38/13/
(4)2026-MIRSDPOD/I/4298/2026 dated 6 February 
2026 read with Listing Regulations]
13.  Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, 
Audit, Transfer, and Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended 
from time to time notified by the MCA, the Company is 
required to transfer any unpaid or unclaimed dividends 
that remain outstanding for a continuous period of 
seven years, along with the corresponding shares for 
which dividends have remained unpaid or unclaimed 
for seven consecutive years, to the account of the IEPF  
Authority.
  The Company was listed on the stock exchanges in 2024 
and declared dividend for the first time in the financial 
year 2024–25. Accordingly, no dividend amount or shares 
are presently due for transfer to the IEPF Authority.
  Members are requested to note that any dividend 
declared at the ensuing AGM which remains unpaid or 
unclaimed within 30 days from the date of declaration 
will be transferred to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend 
Account in accordance with the provisions of the Act. 
Any amount remaining unclaimed in the Unpaid Dividend 
Account for a period of seven years from the date of such 
transfer shall be transferred to the IEPF Authority, along 
with the corresponding shares, if applicable.
  The details of such unpaid or unclaimed dividends and 
the respective members will be made available on the 
Company’s website at Unpaid Dividend.
14.  As per Indian Income Tax Act, 2025 dividend paid and 
distributed by a Company is taxable in the hands of 
members. Therefore, the Company is required to deduct 
taxes at source (“TDS”) at the rates applicable on the 
amount distributed to the members at prescribed rates. 
The members are requested to update their PAN details, 
tax residential status with RTA (in case of shares held in 
physical mode) and depository participants (in case shares 
held in demat mode). However, no tax shall be deducted 
on the dividend payable to a resident individual member 
if the total dividend to be received during FY 2026-27 
does not exceed ` 10,000/-. The withholding tax rate  
(“TDS rate”) would vary depending on the residential 
status of the member and the documents submitted by 
them and accepted by the Company.
  A resident individual member with PAN who is not 
liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly declaration 
in Form 121. To avail the benefit of non-deduction of 
tax, members may send duly signed forms to Company’s 
RTA at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/formsreg/
submission-of-Form-121-41.html  or send an email to 
Investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com by Friday, 31 July 
2026 (upto 6.00 p.m. IST). Members are requested to 
note that in case their PAN is not registered, the tax will 
be deducted at a higher rate of 20%.
  Non-resident members can avail beneficial rates under 
tax treaty between India and their country of residence 
subject to providing necessary documents i.e. No 
Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership 
Declaration, Tax Residency Cer tificate, Form 41, any other 
document which may be required to avail the tax treaty 
benefits by updating details at https://web.in.mpms.
mufg.com/formsreg/submission-of-Form-121-41.
html alternatively send an email to Investor.helpdesk@
in.mpms.mufg.com  Th e  s a i d  d e c l a ra ti o n s  n e e d  t o  b e  
submitted by Friday, 31 July 2026 (up to 6.00 p.m. IST).
   The Company is not obligated to apply the beneficial Tax 
Treaty rates at the time of tax deduction/ withholding 
on dividend amounts. Application of beneficial Tax 
Treaty Rate shall depend upon the completeness of the 
documents submitted by the non-resident shareholder 
and review to the satisfaction of the Company.
  Members who are exempted from TDS provisions through 
any circular or notification may provide documentary 
evidence in relation to the same, to enable the Company 
in applying the appropriate TDS on Dividend payment to 
such shareholders.
15.  Members are requested to address all correspondence, 
including dividend-related matters, to MUFG Intime 
India Private Limited  (formerly known as Link Intime 
India Private Limited), C-101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, 
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400083, Maharashtra, India, 
Tel: +91 810 811 6767 and E-mail: investor.helpdesk@
in.mpms.mufg.com  .
16.  In line with the MCA Circular No. 17/2020 dated 13 April 
2020, the Notice calling the AGM has been uploaded on 
the website of the Company at https://www.indegene.
com/. The Notice can also be accessed from the websites 
of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and 

===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
06
www.nseindia.com  respectively and the AGM Notice is 
also available on the website of NSDL (agency for providing 
the Remote e-voting fa cility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com .
17.  Members whose shareholding is in electronic mode are 
requested to notify any change in address or bank account 
details to their respective depository participant(s) (DP).
18.  Members holding shares either in physical or 
dematerialized form, as on cut-off date, i.e. as on Friday, 
07 August 2026, may cast their votes electronically. 
The e-voting period commences on Monday, 10 August 
2026 (09:00 A.M. IST) and ends on Wednesday, 12 
August 2026 (5:00 P.M. IST). The e-voting module will 
be disabled by NSDL thereafter. A member will not be 
allowed to vote again on any resolution on which vote 
has already been cast. The voting rights of members 
shall be proportionate to their share of the paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, i.e. 
as on Friday, 07 August 2026. A person who is not a 
member as on the cut-off date is requested to treat this 
Notice for information purposes only.
19.  The facility for voting during the AGM will also be made 
available. Members present in the AGM through VC and 
who have not cast their vote on the resolutions through 
remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing 
so, shall be eligible to vote through the e-voting system 
during the AGM. Members who have cast their votes 
by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may participate 
in the AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their votes 
again. The manner of voting remotely by members 
holding shares in dematerialized mode, physical mode 
and for members who have not registered their email 
addresses is provided in the ‘Instructions for e-voting’ 
section which forms part of this Notice. The Board has 
appointed Madhwesh K, Practicing Company Secretary, 
as the scrutinizer (“Scrutinizer”) for conducting the 
e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
20.  In case of joint shareholders, only such joint holders 
whose name is appearing first in the Register of Members 
will be entitled to vote at the AGM.
21.  Any person holding shares in physical form, and non-
individual members who acquire shares of the Company 
and become members of the Company after the Notice is 
sent and holding shares as of the cut-off date, i.e. Friday, 
07 August 2026, may obtain the login ID and password 
by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in  However, 
if he / she is already registered with NSDL for remote 
e-voting, then he / she can use his / her existing user ID 
and password for casting the vote. In case of individual 
members holding securities in demat mode, who acquire 
shares of the Company and become members of the 
Company after the Notice is sent and holding shares as 
of the cut-off date i.e. 07 August 2026, may follow steps 
mentioned in the Notice under ‘Instructions for e-voting’.
22.  In compliance with the Circulars, the Annual Report for 
financial year 2025-2026, the Notice of the 28th AGM, and 
instructions for e-voting are being sent through electronic 
mode to those members whose email addresses are 
registered with the Company / DPs. Members may also 
note that the Notice of the 28 th AGM and the Annual 
Repor t for the financial year 2025-26 will also be available 
on the Company’s website, https://www.indegene.com/ , 
websites of the stock exchanges, i.e. BSE and NSE, at  
www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com,respectively, 
and on the website of NSDL, https://www.evoting.nsdl.
com. The Company shall send a letter providing the 
web-link for accessing the Annual report, including the 
exact path to those Members who have not registered 
their e-mail address with the Company and who request 
the same at compliance.officer@indegene.com  or 
at   investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com  mentioning 
their Folio No./DP ID and Client ID.
23.  As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility 
for submitting nominations is available for members in 
respect of the shares held by them. Members who have 
not yet registered their nomination are requested to 
register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. The 
form can be downloaded from the Company’s website at 
https://www.indegene.com / or the website of the RTA at 
https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/client-downloads.html . 
Members are requested to submit these details to their 
DPs in case the shares are held by them in electronic 
form, and to the RTA, in case the shares are held in 
physical form.
24.  The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of 
the Company (“the Chairman”) or to any other person 
authorized by the Chairman after the completion of the 
scrutiny of the e-voting (votes cast during the AGM 
and votes cast through remote e-voting), not later than 
48 hours from the conclusion of the AGM. The result 
declared along with the Scrutinizer’s report shall be 
communicated to the stock exchanges, NSDL and RTA, 
and will also be displayed on the Company’s website, 
https://www.indegene.com/ .
25.  Since the AGM will be held through VC in accordance 
with the Circulars, the route map, proxy form and 
attendance slip are not attached to this Notice.
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Indegene Limited 
Sd/-
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Aspen G4, 3rd floor, MANYATA Embassy
Business Park Outer Ring Road, Nagavara,
Bengaluru – 560045
CIN: L73100KA1998PLC102040
  Tel: +91 80 4674 4567/+91 8046447777
  Email: compliance.officer@indegene .com
Place: Bangalore 
Date: 17 July 2026
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
Indegene Limited
07
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
Statement Pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)
The following explanatory statement sets out material facts relating to the special business set out in the  
accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting (“AGM”):
Item no. 5
On recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Board of Directors pursuant to a circular 
resolution passed on 22 January 2026, had approved the 
appointment of Ms. Jill Mary De Simone (“Ms. De Simone”)
(DIN:11483134) as an Additional Director in the capacity 
of Independent Director of the Company for a term of three 
years commencing from 22 January 2026 to 21 January 
2029, subject to the approval of the Members at the ensuing  
AGM.
Ms. De Simone holds office upto the date of this AGM and 
is eligible to be appointed as an Independent Director. The 
resolution seeks the approval of members for her appointment 
as an independent director of the Company, for a term of three 
(3) consecutive years, commencing from 22 January 2026 to 21 
January 2029 (both days inclusive) pursuant to the provisions 
of sections 149, 152 and other applicable provisions of the 
Act and the Rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof) and her office shall 
not be liable to retire by rotation.
Ms. De Simone is an accomplished biopharmaceutical 
executive with extensive experience in global healthcare 
organisations, having held senior leadership positions across 
leading multinational pharmaceutical companies. She brings 
deep expertise in strategy, governance, and commercialisation 
within the life sciences sector.
Ms. De Simone fulfils the requirements of an Independent 
Director as laid down under Section 149(6) of the Act, and 
Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations.
The Company has received all requisite statutory disclosures 
and declarations from Ms. De Simone, including:
(i)  Consent in writing to act as director in Form DIR-2, 
pursuant to Rule 8 of the Appointment Rules,
(ii)   Intimation in Form DIR-8 in terms of the Appointment 
Rules to the effect that she is not disqualified under 
Section 164 of the Act,
(iii)   Declaration to the effect that she meets the criteria of 
independence as provided in sub-section (6) of Section 
149 of the Act read with Rule 6 of The Companies 
(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 
2014 and Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations, and,
(iv)  Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/
COMP/14/2018-19 dated 20 June 2018, and NSE 
Circular No. NSE/ CML/2018/24 dated 20 June 2018 
that she has not been debarred from holding office of a 
director by virtue of any Order passed by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India or any other such authority,
(v)  Confirmation that she is not aware of any circumstance or 
situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated 
that could impair or impact her ability to discharge duties 
as an Independent Director of the Company, and 
(vi)  a notice pursuant to Section 160 of the Act, proposing 
the appointment of Ms. De Simone as an Independent 
Director of the Company.
  In the opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company, 
Ms. De Simone is independent of the management of the 
Company and fulfils the conditions specified in the Act, 
the Rules made thereunder and the Listing Regulations 
for appointment as an Independent Director. The Board 
is also of the opinion that she is a person of integrity 
and possesses relevant experience and expertise for 
such appointment.
  A copy of the draft letter for the appointment of  
Ms. De Simone as an Independent Director setting out 
the terms and conditions is available on the website of 
the Company at https://www.indegene.com/
  Pursuant to Regulation 36 of Listing Regulations and  
SS-2, issued by the ICSI, additional details of Ms. De 
Simone are annexed to this Notice.
  This explanatory statement may also be regarded as a 
disclosure under the Listing Regulations.
  Except Ms. De Simone, none of the Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives 
or any other officials of the Company as contemplated in 
the provisions of Section 102 of the Act are, in any way, 
financially or otherwise, concerned or interested in the 
proposed resolution.
  Accordingly, the Board of Directors recommends passing 
of special resolution as set out at Item no. 5 of this Notice, 
for the approval of the members.

===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
08
Annexure - I
Additional information on Directors recommended for appointment/ re-appointment as required under Regulation 36 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and applicable Secretarial Standards issued by ICSI:
Mr. Manish Gupta
Chairman, Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
DIN (Director Identification Number) 00219273
Date of Birth (Age in Years) 09 December 1972 (53 Years)
Date of First Appointment on Board 11 February 2000
Brief profile of Director Mr. Manish Gupta is the Chairman, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company. Under his leadership, the Company has evolved from a start -up 
founded in 1998 into a globally respected Organization serving several of the 
world’s top 20 pharmaceutical Companies. He has been instrumental in driving 
the Company’s strong growth trajectory, including its successful public listing 
in May 2024. Mr. Gupta has also led over 15 strategic acquisitions, significantly 
strengthening the Company’s domain and technology capabilities across the 
healthcare commercialization spectrum, from drug discovery to clinical development.
He is widely recognized for his leadership and contributions to the industry, having 
been a finalist for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year award and featured among 
AIM Research’s Top 20 CEOs defining the future of AI (2025). He has also been 
conferred with the Distinguished Alumnus Award by IIT-BHU and the Young 
Alumni Award for Entrepreneurship by IIM Ahmedabad.
Qualification Mr. Manish Gupta holds a Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering from 
the Indian Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University), Varanasi, and a 
Post Graduate Diploma in Management from the Indian Institute of Management, 
Ahmedabad.
Experience / Nature of expertise in 
specific functional areas
•  Expertise in strategy and leadership for building and scaling global organisations
• Sound knowledge of life sciences and pharmaceutical commercialisation
•  Sound knowledge of stakeholder management, including global clients and 
investors
•  Strong understanding of technology, AI-led innovation and digital transformation
Conditions of appointment or re-
appointment along with details of 
remuneration sought to be paid
As per the resolution in Item no. 3 of this Notice
Remuneration: ` 8,12,50,000
Number of Board Meetings attended 
during the financial year 2025-26
5 
Listed Companies in which Mr. Manish 
Gupta holds Directorship and Committee 
Membership / Chairmanships (other than 
Indegene Limited)
Nil
Listed Entities from which Mr. Manish 
Gupta has resigned as Director in past 
3 years
None
Inter-se Relationship between Directors 
and Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company 
None
Number of shares held in the Company 
including shareholding as a beneficial 
owner
2,14,74,076 Equity Shares 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
Indegene Limited
09
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh
Executive Director
DIN (Director Identification Number) 00219278
Date of Birth (Age in Years) 02 October 1963 (62 Years)
Date of First Appointment on Board 29 January 2002
Brief profile of Director Dr. Parikh is an initial investor and Board Member of the Company, with over 35 
years of experience across the pharmaceutical, medical devices, and healthcare 
sectors in both developed and emerging markets. He has played a key role 
in shaping the Company’s strategic direction since its inception. His expertise 
spans strategy, business development, and operations, contributing to the 
growth and evolution of the organization. He has also been associated with 
academia as a visiting faculty member at the School of Biomedical Engineering, 
IIT Bombay.
Qualification Dr. Parikh holds a Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering from the 
Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, a Master’s degree in clinical engineering 
from Case Western Reserve University, and a Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering 
from Johns Hopkins University.
Experience / Nature of expertise in specific 
functional areas
•  Expertise in strategy, business development and operational leadership 
across global healthcare markets
•  Sound knowledge of pharmaceutical, medical devices and healthcare 
industry dynamics
• Industry insight and ability to contribute to long-term business strategy
•  Experience in scaling innovation-driven healthcare solutions and business 
models
Conditions of appointment or re-
appointment along with details of
remuneration sought to be paid
As per the resolution in Item no. 4 of this Notice
Remuneration: ` 5,00,00,000
Number of Board Meetings attended during 
the financial year 2025-26
5
Listed Companies in which Dr. Sanjay 
Suresh Parikh holds Directorship and 
Committee Membership / Chairmanships 
(other than Indegene Limited)
Nil
Listed Entities from which Dr. Parikh has 
resigned as Director in past 3 years
None
Inter-se Relationship between Directors and 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
None
Number of shares held in the Company 
including shareholding as a beneficial owner
1,20,08,172 Equity Shares 

===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
10
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone
Independent Director
DIN (Director Identification Number) 11483134
Date of Birth (Age in Years) 11 December 1955 (70 Years)
Date of First Appointment on Board 22 January 2026
Brief profile of Director Ms. Jill Mary De Simone is an accomplished biopharmaceutical executive 
and board director with extensive experience in driving growth, innovation, 
and governance across global healthcare organizations. A former President 
of U.S. Oncology at Merck, her career spans leadership roles at Merck, Teva, 
and Bristol Myers Squibb, where she managed full P&L responsibilities and 
launched transformative therapies in oncology, HIV, women’s health, and 
general medicine. Currently, she advises preclinical and early-stage companies 
on commercialization and leadership transitions, serves on boards of public 
and private life sciences companies, and chairs advisory boards focused on AI 
in healthcare. Renowned for her strategic acumen, authentic leadership, and 
commitment to purpose-driven cultures, she brings deep industry expertise 
and a passion for mentoring leaders and shaping governance.
Qualification Ms. Jill Mary De Simone holds a Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy from 
Northeastern University and has completed a Fellowship from The Wharton 
School, University of Pennsylvania.
Experience / Nature of expertise in specific 
functional areas
•  Expertise in business unit creation, transformation, and operational 
excellence
•   Strong understanding of life sciences commercialisation and market 
dynamics
•  Strategic advisory experience for early-stage and preclinical biotech 
companies
•   Experience in organisational development, executive coaching, and 
leadership mentoring
The skills and capabilities required for the 
role and the manner in which the proposed 
person meets such requirements
The role requires strong industry knowledge, strategic insight, governance 
experience, and leadership capabilities. Ms. De Simone possesses deep domain 
expertise in pharmaceuticals and specialty therapeutics, enabling informed 
decision-making at the Board level. Her track record in building and scaling 
businesses demonstrates strong strategic and operational capabilities. She 
brings governance experience through participation on Audit, Compensation, 
and Nomination & Governance Committees of various Companies. Her global 
leadership experience provides a broad perspective on market dynamics and 
regulatory environments. She is recognized for fostering high-performance 
teams and mentoring senior leaders. Her experience in advising emerging 
companies also provides insights into innovation and evolving industry 
practices. Accordingly, her skills align well with the requirements of the role 
and support effective Board functioning. 
Conditions of appointment along with details 
of remuneration sought to be paid and the 
remuneration last drawn by such person, if 
applicable
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone is proposed to be appointed as a Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation. She shall 
be entitled to receive remuneration of `1,00,00,000 (Rupees One Crore only), in 
addition to sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board and its Committees, 
subject to increase in commission by ` 2,00,000 every year during her tenure.
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
Indegene Limited
11
Number of Board Meetings attended during 
the financial year 2025-26
1 
Listed Companies in which Ms. De Simone 
holds Directorship and Committee 
Membership / Chairmanships (other than 
Indegene Limited)
Nil 
Listed Entities from which Ms. De Simone 
has resigned as Director in past 3 years
Nil
Inter-se Relationship between Directors and 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
None 
Number of shares held in the Company 
including the shareholding as a beneficial 
owner
Nil
Instructions for e-voting
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE 
E-VOTING AND JOINING THE ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
The remote e-voting period begins on Monday, 10 August 
2026, at 9:00 A.M. and ends on Wednesday, 12 August 2026, 
at 5:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled 
by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names 
appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as 
on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. 07 August 2026, may 
cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders 
shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being 
07 August 2026.
The process to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system 
consists of two steps:
Step 1: Access to the NSDL e-voting system
A.  Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting 
for individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode
  In terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(“SEBI”) circular dated 09 December 2020, on ‘e-voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies’, individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Members 
are advised to update their mobile number and email ID in 
their demat accounts in order to access e-voting facility.

===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
12
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL.
1.  For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp 
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate 
OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-voting page. 
Click on company name or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting.
2.  Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “ Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “ Login” which is available under ‘ IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to 
enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to 
see e-voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-voting” under e-voting 
services and you will be able to see e-voting page. Click on company name or e-voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
3.  If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “ Register Online for IDeAS Portal ” or click at  
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
4.  Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL:  
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page 
of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen-
digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown 
on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-voting page. Click on company name or e-voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
5.  Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “ NSDL Speede”  facility by 
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.

===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
Indegene Limited
13
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL
1)  Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing 
user id and password. Option  will be made available to reach e-voting page without any 
further authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website  
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing 
my easi username & password.
2)  After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-voting option for eligible 
companies where the e-voting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On 
clicking the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e-voting page of the e-voting service 
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e-voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-voting service providers’ website 
directly.
3)  If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4)  Alternatively, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from an e-voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, users will be able to see the e-voting option where 
the e-voting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-voting Service 
Providers.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see 
e-voting options. Click on e-voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-voting feature. Click on company name or e-voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
 Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
B.  Login Method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-voting website?
1.  Visit the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2.  Once the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon ‘Login’ which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.

===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
14
3.  A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
the screen. Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/  
with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-voting 
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4. Your User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
Your User ID is
a)  For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your 
user ID is IN300***12******
b)  For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c)  For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 140279 then user ID is 
140279001***
5.  Password details for members other than Individual 
members are given below:
 a)  If you are already registered for e-voting, then you 
can use your existing password to login and cast 
your vote.
 b)  If you are using NSDL e-voting system for the first 
time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve 
your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial 
password’ and the system will force you to change 
your password.
 c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
  i)  If your email ID is registered in your demat 
account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your 
email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and 
open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the 
.pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is 
your 8-digit client ID for NSDL account, last 
8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio 
number for shares held in physical form. The 
pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial 
password’.
  ii)  If your email ID is not registered, please follow 
steps mentioned below in ‘Process for those 
members whose email IDs are not registered’.
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the 
‘initial password’ or have forgotten your password:
 a)  Click on ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ (If you are 
holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or 
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com .
 b)  ‘Physical User Reset Password?’ (If you are holding 
shares in physical mode) option available on  
www.evoting.nsdl.com .
 c)  If you are still unable to get the password by 
aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account 
number/folio number, your PAN, your name and 
your registered address, etc.
 d)  Members can also use the OTP based login for 
casting the votes on the e-voting system of NSDL.
7.  After entering your password, tick on Agree to ‘Terms 
and Conditions’ by selecting on the check box.
8. Now, you will have to click on ‘Login’ button.
9.  After you click on the ‘Login’ button, Home page of 
e-voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting 
on NSDL e-voting system
1.  After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to 
see all the companies ‘EVEN’ in which you are holding 
shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is 
in active status.
2.  Select ‘EVEN’ of company i.e. 140279 for casting your 
vote during the remote e-voting period.
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
Indegene Limited
15
3. Now you are ready for e-voting as the voting page opens.
4.  Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. 
assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares 
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on ‘Submit’ 
and also ‘Confirm’ when prompted.
5.  Upon confirmation, the message ‘Vote cast successfully’ 
will be displayed.
6.  You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7.  Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will 
not be allowed to modify your vote.
 Process for those Members whose email addresses are not 
registered with the Depositories for procuring User ID and 
Password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice:
1.  In case shares are held in physical mode, please provide 
Folio No., Name of Shareholder, scanned copy of the 
share certificate (front and back), self-attested scanned 
copy of PAN card, self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar 
card by email to evoting@nsdl.com / compliance.officer@
indegene.com.
2.  In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide 
DP ID and Client ID (16 digit DP ID + Client ID or 16 
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of 
Consolidated Account statement, self-attested scanned 
copy of PAN card, self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar 
Card to evoting@nsdl.com  / compliance.officer@
indegene.com. If you are an Individual member holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to 
the login method explained at Step 1(A) i.e. Login method 
for e-voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3.  Alternatively, shareholder/members may send a request 
to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password 
for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4.  In terms of SEBI circular dated 09 December 2020 on 
e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies, individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number 
and email address correctly in their demat account in 
order to access e-voting facility.
General Guidelines for Shareholders
 1.  Institutional members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI, etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG 
format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter, 
etc. with the attested specimen signature of the duly 
authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, 
to the Scrutinizer by email to madhweshpcs@acms.pro  
with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com . Institutional 
members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) can 
also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney 
/ Authority Letter, etc. by clicking on ‘Upload Board 
Resolution / Authority Letter’ displayed under “e-voting” 
tab in their login.
2.  It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will 
be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in 
the correct password. In such an event, you will need 
to go through the ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ or 
‘Physical User Reset Password?’ option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com  to reset the password
3.  In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (FAQs) for members and e-voting user 
manual for members available at the download section 
of www.evoting.nsdl.com  or call on: 022-4886 7000 
or send a request to Mr. Falguni Chakraborty, Senior 
Manager – NSDL at evoting@nsdl.com .
The instructions for members for E-voting on the day of 
the AGM are as under :-
1.  The procedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is 
same as the instructions mentioned above for remote 
e-voting.
2.  Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present 
in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not 
casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote 
e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, 
shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system in 
the AGM.
3.  Members who have voted through Remote e-voting will 
be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM.
4.  The details of the person who may be contacted for any 
grievances connected with the facility for e-voting on the 
day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for 
Remote e-voting.

===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
16
Instructions for Members for attending the AGM through 
VC/OAVM are as under:
1.  Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-voting system. 
Members may access by following the steps mentioned 
above for Access to NSDL e-voting system. After 
successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed 
under “Join meeting” menu against Company name. You 
are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join 
Meeting menu. The link for VC/ OAVM will be available in 
Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company 
will be displayed. Please note that the members who 
do not have the User ID and Password for e-voting or 
have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve 
the same by following the remote e-voting instructions 
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2.  Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through 
Laptops for better experience.
3.  Further Members will be required to allow Camera and 
use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting.
4.  Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile 
Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due 
to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection 
to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5.  Shareholders who would like to express their 
views/have questions may send their questions 
in advance mentioning their name demat account 
number/folio number, email id, mobile number at  
Compliance.officer@indegene.com . The same will be 
replied by the Company suitably.
6.  Members who would like to express their views or ask 
questions during the AGM may register themselves 
as a speaker by sending their request from their 
registered e-mail address mentioning their name, DP 
ID and client ID/folio number, PAN, mobile number at   
Compliance.officer@indegene.com  from Friday, 07 
August 2026 (0900 hours) to Monday, 10 August 2026 
(1700 hours). Those members who have registered 
themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express 
their views/ask questions during the AGM. The Company 
reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers 
depending on the availability of time for the AGM
Information at a glance
Particulars Details
Time and date of AGM 1630 hours IST, Thursday, 13 August 2026
Mode Video Conferencing (VC) and Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM)
Helpline number for VC participation 022-24994545/ 022-24994360
Record Date for eligibility of Final dividend Friday, 31 July 2026 
Date of payment of Final Dividend within thirty days of approval of the members
Cut-off date for e-voting Friday, 07 August 2026 
E-voting start time and date 9:00 a.m. (IST), Monday, 10 August 2026
E-voting end time and date 5:00 p.m. (IST), Wednesday, 12 August 2026
E-voting website of NSDL https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
Name, address and contact details of e-voting service 
provider
Mr. Falguni Chakraborty,
Senior Manager
National Securities Depository Limited,
TradeWorld, ‘A’Wing, 4th Floor,
Kamala Mills Compound,
Senapati Bapat Marg,
Lower Parel, MUMBAI - 400 013
022-4886 7000
Name, address and contact details of Registrar and 
Transfer Agent
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(formally known as Link Intime India Private Limited),
C-101, 1st Floor, 247,
L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West),
Mumbai 400083, Maharashtra, India
Tel: +91 22 49186000 (Extn: 2331) 
Fax: +91 22 4918 6060
E-mail: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in
Website: https://in.mpms.mufg.com/ 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
ANNUAL REPORT FY 2025-26
R
FROM PROMISE  
TO PERF ORMANCE
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
FROM  
PROMISE  
TO 
PERF ORMANCE
For nearly three decades, we have been the strategic execution partner 
behind some of the most consequential operational transformations 
in life sciences - defining and running the next-generation operating 
models that power the industry’s future.
The next era of life sciences will be defined by AI at work. As the industry pivots to AI-led 
operating models, Indegene is already putting them to work at scale. For us, Generative 
AI is not a future promise; it is the natural evolution of our core discipline. We are not 
experimenting at the edges - we are embedding AI into the mission-critical workflows we 
have managed for decades.
We are actively defining the Next-
Gen Operating Model through our 
operational north stars - from One-Click 
Submissions and Human-less MLR to 
AI-Embedded Engagement and Proactive 
Pharmacovigilance.
From Promise  
to Performance 
We do not merely advise and exit. We 
design, run, and evolve AI-embedded 
operations – taking enterprise accountability 
for outcomes that turn organizational 
complexity into sustained performance. 
Because the future of life sciences will not 
be shaped by AI potential alone, but by 
those who can operationalize it at scale.
When the Industry 
Transforms,  
Indegene Leads
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
06 Indegene at a Glance
08 Who We Are
10 Our Journey
12 Why Indegene Wins
14 Our Approach to AI
18 Our Offerings
01
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
38 Our Approach to E SG
46 Corporate Social Responsibility
52 People Ex
cellence
58 Board of Dir
ectors
61 Corporat
e Information
03
SUSTAINABILITY AT INDEGENE
28  Message from the Chairman 
and CEO
32 Perf
ormance At A Glance
34 Awar
ds and Recognition
02
STRATEGIC OVERVIEW
62  Management Discussion and Analysis
67 Notice 
82 Board’s R
eport
127 Corporat
e Governance Report
169  Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report
04
STATUTORY REPORTS 
226  Standalone Financial Statements
297  Consolidated Financial S
tatements
05
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
CONTENTS
For a concise, interactive version of the report, 
visit: https://ir.indegene.com/ar-fy-2025-26  
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
Indegene at a Glance
06
Who We Are
08
Our Journey
10
Why Indegene Wins
12
Our Approach to AI
14
Our Offerings
18
CORPORATE 
OVERVIEW
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
INDEGENE AT A GLANCE
27
Years of deep 
healthcare expertise 
7,000+
Labels Managed - 99.5% 1 st time right
20/20
Top-20 global pharma clients 
65,000
MLR Assets reviewed 
since 2015
5,500+
People - > 27% are deep healthcare specialists 
>8
Years of executive 
relationships across 
top 20 Pharma
17+ 
Delivery Centers
11+
Countries of Presence
80+ 
Market present in
CMMI Level 5
Certified
Diversified Clientele
No. of 
clients
43
38
7 3
>$25M $10–25M
$1–10M $0.25–1M
Client Concentration (Revenue contribution)
9.3%
Top client
31.2%
Top 5 clients
47.3%
Top 10 clients
68.6% 
Top 20 clients
Indegene Limited
06 07
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Indegene At A Glance

===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
What We Do
End-to-end Commercialization Capabilities at Scale 
How We Operate
Orchestration In Action 
From the first molecule to the last patient interaction, Indegene supports life sciences organizations at every stage 
of the product lifecycle. We help clients optimize critical operations across five core pillars - Discovery & Evidence, 
Regulatory & Compliance, Commercial Launch, Content & Engagement, and Patient & Outcomes. Backed by advanced 
data analytics, disciplined governance, and strategic consulting, we modernize workflows at scale, ensuring products 
reach the market efficiently and support patients effectively.
Who We Are
SHAPING THE FUTURE OF 
LIFE SCIENCES
Indegene Limited (BSE: 544172, NSE: INDGN) is the strategic operating 
partner to the global life sciences industry, orchestrating commercial, 
medical, R&D, and safety operations across the product lifecycle. 
Trusted by the world’s top 20 biopharma companies, Indegene helps 
run complex, highly regulated workflows at global scale. We combine 
deep life sciences expertise with AI-embedded platforms and governed 
operating models to improve speed, consistency, and compliance across 
mission-critical operations. By integrating technology into how work is 
executed and scaled, Indegene enables life sciences organizations to 
deliver measurable outcomes in regulated environments. 
The value we create lies not only in what we do, 
but in how we bring it all together. At Indegene, 
we go beyond managing operations for our 
life sciences partners; we integrate people, 
processes, technology, and AI into a unified 
operating model, orchestrating capabilities that 
drive sustainable business impact. 
Operational excellence is driven through robust 
process set-up, strong process adherence, and 
continuous process improvements across the 
enterprise. Guided by clear governance and 
performance metrics, we standardize how work 
is delivered and systematically eliminate friction 
across functions. This execution discipline 
underpins predictable outcomes, higher quality, 
and scalable performance.
Driving Impact Through Innovation &  
Tech-Expertise
This year, we scaled responsible AI adoption 
across teams, accelerated software delivery 
through AI-assisted development, and expanded 
automation, enabling clients to do more with 
less. In parallel, we achieved CMMI Level 5 
certification, reinforcing predictable, data-driven, 
and continuously improving delivery across 
the organization.
AI-Assisted Engineering
$1M Cost Savings through 
Automation
~50% of code developed for internal products with 
AI support, improving developer productivity and 
accelerating time-to-delivery while maintaining 
quality controls.
AI Democratization
Enterprise program that enables broad participation 
through Innovation Champions, a GenAI sandbox, 
mentorship, and recognition - turning ideas into 
prototypes faster. More than 15 prototypes received in 
two months.
CMMI Level 5 Certification
Achieved the highest process maturity level, 
strengthening predictability, scalability, and continuous 
improvement through statistically managed, data-
driven processes.
By automating repeatable workflows, reducing cycle 
time, and freeing capacity for higher-value work.
Commercial Medical R&D
AI & PlatformsSafety
Discovery & 
Evidence
3x
Faster enrollment
Regulatory & 
Compliance
65%
Faster submissions
Commercial 
Launch
6x
Faster to market
Content & 
Engagement
3M+
HCP profiles
Patient & 
Outcomes
80%
Better adherence
Indegene Limited
08 09
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Who We Are

===== PDF PAGE 24 =====
KEY MILESTONES
Our Journey
2015
Acquired SmartCare, 
a population health 
analytics platform
1998
I
ndegene founded 
2017
Introduced 
Clinical services
2000
Introduced medical 
education services to Indian 
pharmaceutical companies 
Launched Indegene Mobile Health 
System (IMHS) for medical doctors 
to easily access licensed medical 
content via PalmPilots
2001
Recognized by Lancet as the most 
credible source of specialized medical 
information in India 
Selected by WHO as their partner to 
implement a nationwide healthcare 
information project
2003
Made a successful entry into 
sales training through the 
launch of e-learning platform 
in diabetes across S.E. Asia 
2004
Incorporated 100% 
subsidiaries in 
the United States 
and Singapore
2005
Nadathur Investments 
invested in Indegene 
Set up operations in the 
United States 
Acquired Medsn, a 
pharma sales training 
company in the 
United States
2006
Ramped up 
operations in 
Southeast Asia 
Acquired MedCases, 
a medical e-learning 
solutions company 
in the United States
2007
Kicked off operations 
in Europe Received 
ISO 9001 and ISO 
27001 certifications 
Launched Medical 
Affairs service
2010
Built China Operation 
Center at Shanghai 
and Dalian
2011
Launched Analytics  
services
2012
Introduced Regulatory 
Affairs and 
Safety services 
Acquired Aptilon, a 
customer engagement 
technology company
2016
Acquired Skura Technologies 
to expand omnichannel and 
commercial solutions 
Acquired Encima to 
strengthen omnichannel 
analytics capabilities 
Introduced next-generation, 
fully integrated product 
commercialization solutions 
Acquired Wincere to 
strengthen footprint in R&D 
and Medical offerings for 
life sciences
2013
Acquired Total 
Therapeutic Management 
(TTM), a healthcare 
quality improvement 
and clinician 
engagement company
2019
Acquired DT Associates, 
a digital transformation 
and customer experience 
consulting firm in the UK 
Launched Indegene Digital 
Summit, a flagship thought 
leadership event
2020
Set up operations 
in Japan
2021
The Carlyle Group and Brighton 
Park Capital invested $ 200 
million in Indegene 
Indegene refreshed its brand to 
align with its purpose - To enable 
healthcare organizations be 
future-ready 
Strengthened pricing, 
reimbursement and market 
access capabilities with 
MME acquisition
2022
Acquired 
CultHealth, a full-
service healthcare 
marketing 
agency to elevate 
brand experience
2023
Opened 
strategic center 
in Germany
2024
Set up a new global 
delivery center 
in Hyderabad 
Acquired Trilogy 
Writing & Consulting 
GmbH, a medical 
writing consultancy 
Indegene listed on NSE 
and BSE
2025
Acquired MJL Life Sciences to expand 
healthcare communications in the UK 
Launched a new entity in Spain 
Acquired US-based BioPharm to 
expand AI-driven commercialization 
and AdTech capabilities
Strengthened Consulting Practice to 
accelerate life sciences transformation
Acquired Warn & Co.
Opened new global delivery centers in 
London, Pune, and Mumbai
2026
Acquired CAKE Health
Opened a new global 
delivery center in Noida
Our Journey
Indegene Limited
10 11
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview

===== PDF PAGE 25 =====
Why Indegene Wins
BUIL T FOR SCALE
Capabilities Across the 
Value Chain
Research & 
Development 
precision at 
every step, from 
first molecule to 
clinical proof
Pharmacovigilance 
& Regulatory Affairs 
compliant, 
submission-ready 
and defensible 
across every market
Launch & 
Commercialization 
commercial 
execution that turns 
market entry into 
market leadership
Medical & Commercial 
Engagement 
scientific credibility, 
delivered to the 
people who 
prescribe and decide
Lifecycle 
Optimization 
sustained 
performance, long 
after the launch 
excitement fades A globally distributed delivery 
model lets Indegene serve clients 
worldwide while executing locally. 
The Company operates hubs and 
offices across North America, Europe 
and Asia - including the United 
States, Canada and Mexico; the 
United Kingdom, Ireland, Germany, 
Switzerland and Spain; and India, 
China, Japan and Singapore - 
supported by a diverse, multinational 
talent pool.
Indegene is built for the scale and 
complexity of modern life sciences - 
with the depth of a specialist and the 
reach of a global operating partner.
Global Delivery Model
Built for the scale and 
complexity of modern 
commercialization
The Next Evolution of Life Sciences Operations: 
Indegene is Positioned to Win
When the industry transforms,
INDEGENE LEADS.
THE NEXT EVOLUTION
One Click  
Submissions
AI-embedded 
commercial and 
scientific engagement
Human-less 
MLR
Intelligent 
Trial Ops
Agency-less  
Marketing
CURRENT SITUATION
18-month dossiers
Generic outreach
Weeks of review
Manual ops
6-week cycles
THE INDEGENE PROMISE
AI-assembled 
in days
Personalized 
touchpoints
Autonomous 
sign-off
Predictive, 
real-time intel
Assets 
in hours
Indegene’s capabilities span the entire commercialization value chain – from evidence generation through 
lifecycle optimization - supported by a common data, analytics and technology backbone:
3M+
HCPs digitally profiled 
& engaged
100+
Product launches  
supported
>100%
Net revenue retention for the 
last 5 years
800+
Brands activated
The Company’s talent blends 
science and technology: over 27% of 
employees are healthcare experts and 
25% are technology and AI experts 
- a balance that enables Indegene
to provide the scientific, medical
and technology expertise required
to deliver complex, regulated work
at scale.
Indegene Limited
12 13
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Why Indegene Wins

===== PDF PAGE 26 =====
Our Approach to AI
BUIL T FOR THE AI DECADE. 
BUIL T FOR THOSE WHO 
OWN THE DOMAIN.
The next decade of life sciences will be defined by companies 
that translate AI from promise to performance - measured not in 
pilots, but in drugs reaching patients faster, physicians engaged 
more meaningfully, safety signals caught earlier, and brand 
launches that compound into category leadership. This is the 
standard we have set, and the standard we are clearing for the 
world’s most ambitious pharma and biotech companies - all 20 
of the Top 20, alongside 80 of the Top 100.
AI in life sciences is not a horizontal 
technology problem. It is a deeply 
domain-intensive one. Every workflow 
is regulated. Every decision must be 
auditable. Every output is accountable 
to a patient. Generic foundation 
models cannot reason about an FDA 
labeling guideline, a Phase III endpoint, 
a payer dossier, or the semantics of a 
medico-legal review. What is required 
is a life sciences-native operating 
system - fusing 27 years of regulatory, 
therapeutic and commercial depth 
with a proprietary intelligent data layer 
and a fabric of AI agents engineered 
for the workflows that move 
molecules from lab to patient. This is 
the operating system Indegene has 
built. It is already running - at scale, 
in production - for the companies 
shaping the future of medicine.
A Life Sciences-Native Operating System - Four Layers, One Accountable Stack
Our operating system is not generic GenAI rebadged for pharma. It is a ground-up rethink of how regulated life sciences 
work is designed, executed, governed and continuously improved. It is engineered to deliver the outcomes our clients can 
measure on a board slide: submissions cleared faster and right-first-time, MLR cycles compressed from weeks to hours, 
adverse events processed at a fraction of historical cost and cycle time, HCP and patient engagement personalized in real 
time, and brand launches accelerated by months. Four interlocking layers make this possible.
Same 27-Year Domain Muscle. New Category Economics
This architecture makes Indegene accountable for outcomes - submission-readiness, launch speed, content 
compliance, engagement quality, revenue impact - not for hours or headcount. The economics reflect that 
shift: revenue growing several times faster than headcount, net revenue retention above 100% every year for 
the last 5 years, our top-20 client cohort tripled in revenue. The world’s leading life sciences companies are 
choosing Indegene as the strategic operating partner for their AI agenda - not as a vendor of effort, but as the 
accountable operator of the workflows that will define their next decade. We are already running the model 
the industry is moving toward. That is what it means to translate promise into performance.
Data Foundation
Federated intelligent data layer 
- 3M+ HCP digital engagement
signal via Tandem
TM & InvisageTM ,
t
wo decades of commercial
content and taxonomies,
operational data from workflows
we run, integrated real-world,
clinical, prescription and patient
data. The substrate that makes
our AI work where generic
models do not.
The Cockpit – Human 
Judgment
Our domain experts orchestrate 
workflows, exercise regulated 
judgment, and own outcomes. 
AI industrializes the work; our 
experts stand behind the result.
The Mesh – Expert AI Agents
Production agents industrializing 
domain-intensive work: Creative 
Content Super-App, Medical 
Writing, Medico-Legal Review, 
Adverse Event Monitoring, 
HCP Journey Optimization, 
Submissions Planning, 
Omnichannel Commercial 
Intelligence - and growing.
Cortex – Reasoning Engine
Our proprietary, LLM-agnostic 
GenAI platform. Encodes 
27 years of domain expertise 
in semantic knowledge graphs 
that understand the entities, 
events and operational 
judgment of every regulated life 
sciences workflow. Learns and 
compounds with every use.
Indegene Limited
14 15
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Our Approach to AI

===== PDF PAGE 27 =====
Our Next Generation AI-embedded Solutions
While we continue embedding GenAI into all of the regulated workflows that we manage across the 
continuum of clinical, regulatory, safety, medical, market access and commercial operations, we have 
prioritized five operating models that are key for our clients to get their drugs to market faster, safer and 
cost effectively. Each is a structural rethink of a critical workflow that, until now, has been bound by 
manual effort, fragmented hand-offs, or compliance friction. These are the operating models that will 
define the next generation of life sciences enterprises.
• One-Click Submissions:  
A
ccelerating regulatory pathways 
through intelligent automation 
across authoring, review, 
publishing, and submission 
tracking, compressing what 
is today a multi-month effort 
into days
•
 Ag
entic AOR of the Future: 
Drastically reducing time from 
market insights to creative 
concepts and replacing 
fragmented, agency-led 
execution with platform-driven, 
modular content operations, 
where content is created once, 
governed centrally, and activated 
across markets and channels at 
enterprise scale
•
 Hu
man-less MLR:  Moving 
medical, legal, and regulatory 
review from a bottleneck into 
a near-instantaneous, agentic 
process that tightens compliance 
and control rather than 
loosening it
•
 Sa
fety-in-a-Box:  Human-light 
pharmacovigilance and drug 
safety operations that automate 
adverse event processing/
monitoring, safety surveillance, 
reporting and signal detection
•
 AI
-powered Omnichannel 
Engagement:  Making every 
HCP and stakeholder interaction 
personalized and adaptive in 
real time, drawing on clinical, 
behavioral, and engagement 
data the moment it is generated 
- combined with years of 
interaction and affinity data that 
Indegene owns
Each of these is being built into 
operations we already run for 
clients. The transition is gradual 
and deliberate. Our clients don’t 
need to change their existing 
technology stack; because we 
are inserting agentic capability 
into the workflows they already 
trust us with.
As regulators worldwide 
begin to articulate AI-
specific governance 
frameworks, we are 
building those expectations 
directly into the platform 
- model provenance, 
prompt and output logging, 
human-in-the-loop 
checkpoints, and auditable 
decision trails - so that 
compliance is a built-in 
property of the operating 
model, not an afterthought.
Data Security and Privacy
Our information security 
management system continues to 
comply with ISO/IEC 27001:2013 
and ISO/IEC 27701:2019. Internal 
protocols around data encryption, 
anonymization, pseudonymization, 
and PII handling are audited and 
tightened on an ongoing basis. 
Cortex is built to handle proprietary 
client data with strict separation 
and zero cross-pollination 
across engagements.
This foundation is reinforced by our 
industry-leading defense-in-depth 
cybersecurity architecture spanning 
Zero Trust principles, identity 
and access management, 
endpoint protection, 
privileged access controls, 
continuous monitoring 
through our 24×7 Security 
Operations Center, and 
security controls for cloud 
and GenAI workloads. 
Independent assessments 
continue to place Indegene 
among the highest-rated 
organizations in the industry 
for cybersecurity maturity, 
reflecting our quality-first 
approach to data security, 
robust privacy controls, and 
strong cyber risk governance.
•
 In
telligent Clinical Trial 
Operations:  Synthesizing multi-
faceted data and signals (scientific, 
regulatory, pricing, medical, 
competitive, patient) to optimize 
clinical trial design and accelerating 
recruitment of patients in clinical 
trials through AI-powered analytics 
of real-world data
Powered by Our Platform
Cortex
Knowledge Engineering Platform
Domain experts - not engineers 
- encode 27 years of life sciences 
expertise via a no-code interface 
into auditable knowledge 
graphs that power Indegene’s 
Agentic solutions.
Regulatory
Safety
MLRCommercial
Medical
Clinical
Our Key AI Products
Content Super App
The full pharma content lifecycle 
- from brand strategy to local 
market-ready assets – in one 
governed, AI-powered workflow.
MLR Automation
Medical, legal, and regulatory 
review compressed from weeks 
to hours. Compliance tightened, 
not traded away.
Medical Writing Platform
First-draft regulatory/safety/
medical communication 
documents at submission quality. 
Medical writers shift from 
authors to validators.
Audience Intelligence Platform
3M+ HCPs profiled and engaged. 
Behavioral, clinical, market 
signals powering precisely 
targeted interactions at scale via 
a single platform.
Indegene Limited
16 17
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Our Approach to AI

===== PDF PAGE 28 =====
Our Offerings
ENGINEERING THE FUTURE 
OF LIFESCIENCES
We are the strategic operating partner that 
the world’s leading biopharma companies 
- including all 20 of the Top 20 - rely on
to design, run and continuously evolve the
commercial, medical, clinical and consulting
workflows that determine whether a new
therapy reaches the right physician, the
right patient, in the right way, fast enough
to matter.
Every industry transformation of the past 
three decades - the shift to digital HCP 
engagement, the rebuild of regulated 
content for compliance and scale, the 
consolidation of the global commercialization 
supply chain - Indegene led from inside the 
workflow rather than from the sidelines of 
an advisory engagement. AI is the next such 
transformation, and it is the most defining of 
them all.
Across our four enterprise offering areas, we 
embed AI into the regulated workflows we 
have run for the industry for over a quarter 
of a century, take accountability for business 
outcomes that matter - intelligent clinical 
trials, faster regulatory approvals, effective 
product launches, personalized omnichannel 
experiences, lifecycle optimization, and 
revenue augmentation - and combine deep 
domain expertise, a life sciences-native 
operating system, and a global operating 
model to turn industry complexity into 
client advantage.
Enterprise Commercial Solutions
Our Enterprise Commercial Solutions (ECS) help biopharma companies maximize value across the brand and product 
lifecycle - from first launch to loss of exclusivity and beyond. We connect the entire commercial value chain - from 
audience intelligence, brand strategy and creative concepting through content production, campaign operations and 
omnichannel engagement - as a  single accountable execution partner , while helping clients identify and 
engage hard-to-reach patient populations, particularly in rare diseases and specialty therapeutic areas.
Our Launch Engine  enables first-time commercialization by standing up end-to-end commercial capabilities - from 
strategy to execution - in weeks rather than years, particularly for emerging biotech and mid-sized pharmaceutical 
companies entering the US and global markets. For growth and established brands, we improve commercial 
performance through AI-embedded operating models that strengthen brand value across the lifecycle, increasing the 
productivity of every commercial 
dollar across content, channels and 
customer interactions.
Further, as the industry prepares 
for revenue impact from loss-of-
exclusivity pressure by 2030, while 
simultaneously demanding greater 
commercial productivity per dollar 
invested, ECS helps clients design 
and run commercial operations 
that are faster, more effective and 
structurally more cost-efficient 
than the fragmented, brand-by-
brand model the industry inherited.
We have sharpened our 
strategic agenda for the AI 
decade around six interlocking 
commercial priorities. 
•
Sca
ling our agentic operating
partner construct into a
category-creating capability -
offered as an operating partner,
an operating system and as
custom solutions configured to
each client’s AI agenda
•
Exe
cuting omnichannel from
strategy through activation,
anchored on the audience
intelligence built into our
proprietary Invisage
TM and
TandemTM platforms
For nearly three decades, Indegene has stood at the center of 
life sciences’ most consequential operations - modernizing and 
scaling the workflows that move a molecule from laboratory to 
launch, and from launch to the millionth patient prescription
Indegene Limited
18 19
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Our Offerings

===== PDF PAGE 29 =====
• Delivering an integrated ‘strategy-
to
-execution’ commercial operations
partnership that closes the gap
between brand intent and field reality
•
Sca
ling content at enterprise scale
- with embedded compliance and
Generative Engine Optimization
(GEO) to ensure brand visibility in
an AI-mediated search era spanning
ChatGPT, Perplexity, Gemini and the
next wave of agentic interfaces
•
Bui
lding the Audience Intelligence
and Agentic Data Layer - including
our agentic semantic layer for field
force optimization and patient finding,
deepened through partnerships with,
for example, Datavant and Komodo, for
real-world data depth
•
Lea
ding the commercial technology
platform transformation that is 
reshaping enterprise CRM, marketing 
automation and AI-agent ecosystems 
across our largest clients
AI is embedded across every layer of our commercial operations - from 
agentic agency-of-record models that compress weeks of creative 
development into days, to intelligent content creation, omnichannel 
campaign operations and AI competency centers - combining human 
expertise with automation to improve speed, consistency, and business 
outcomes for our clients and the patients they serve.
Core Capabilities
Launch and lifecycle  
commercialization
Customer engagement, 
omnichannel orchestration 
and content operations 
including GEO
AI-enabled commercial 
operations and 
competency centers
Brand strategy, creative 
and agentic agency-of-
record (including Tectonic)
Audience intelligence, 
patient identification and 
patient services
Commercial technology 
platform transformation 
and managed services
Enterprise Medical Solutions
Our Enterprise Medical Solutions (EMS) reimagine the patient evidence 
value chain - transforming how regulatory affairs, medical affairs, 
compliance, safety and real-world evidence functions operate across 
the R&D-to-launch continuum. As organizations focus on shortening 
the journey from clinical development to patient impact, fragmented 
workflows, data silos and evolving regulatory requirements continue 
to slow execution. The disconnected nature of data and information 
from diverse sources - regulatory, medical, payer, competitive, field and 
patient - leads to fragmented insights and sub-optimal strategy and 
responsiveness. EMS embeds AI into critical R&D and medical workflows 
and helps establish a connected data foundation that improves speed, 
quality and decision-making at every step.
Our medium-term ambition for EMS is to materially compress the time 
from clinical trial to peak commercial value for our clients - translating 
that ambition into the workflows our clients run every day. We are 
re-engineering database lock to first regulatory submission for radical 
timeline compression, accelerating first-patient-in to decisive evidence 
well beyond current industry norms, meaningfully reducing the time 
from approval to informed patient use, and establishing a zero-surprise 
compliance environment at a structurally lower cost of operations. 
These are the operational targets against which we are reshaping 
every EMS workflow, supported by our NEXT family of AI-native 
platforms - including NEXT MLR, 
NEXT Medical Writing Platform and 
NEXT Scientific Content Authoring - 
already in production across leading 
pharmaceutical companies.
In regulatory affairs, we are 
progressing from streamlining 
individual submissions to reimagining 
regulatory operations end-to-end. 
From clinical evidence analysis through 
final filing and health-authority 
interactions, we compress timelines 
from months to weeks through AI-
orchestrated authoring, labeling, 
assembly and submission tracking 
- with a measurable lift in first-time-
right submission rates and a vision
of one-click regulatory submissions
as the long-term north star. We
also aggregate data and insights to
inform regulatory strategy, increase
the regulatory function’s influence on
portfolio health and thereby enhance
product competitiveness.
In medical affairs, we partner with our clients through a Medical 
360
O approach anchored on three reinforcing pillars: evidence 
generation (including HEOR and real-world evidence), a connected 
and scaled medical communications ecosystem, and analytics 
and medical excellence. From scientific strategy through medical 
communications, orchestrated scientific engagement with HCPs 
and medico-legal compliance, we help medical affairs teams 
disseminate scientific evidence more efficiently and effectively, and 
thereby accelerate time to informed use of novel therapies by the 
patients who need them most.
Our compliance and safety solutions leverage purpose-built AI 
to streamline pharmacovigilance and proactive risk management 
within rigorous regulatory guardrails - elevating human roles 
from the mundane to those of supervision and judgment. We are 
progressively re-engineering medico-legal review for sub-24-hour 
turnaround and embedding agentic safety operations that automate 
adverse-event processing, signal detection and aggregate reporting, 
while raising the bar on compliance rather than relaxing it.
Put together, through our EMS suite, we deliver faster evidence 
generation, stronger compliance, more effective scientific 
engagement, and better outcomes for our clients and the patients 
they serve.
Core Capabilities
Regulatory affairs - strategy, 
writing, operations, submissions 
and labeling
Pharmacovigilance and safety
Medical affairs, medical 
communications and medico-
legal compliance
Evidence generation, HEOR  
and scientific communications
Pricing and market access
Indegene Limited
20 21
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Our Offerings

===== PDF PAGE 30 =====
Indegene Consulting
With Indegene Consulting, we partner with life sciences organizations to redesign operating models and translate strategy 
into enterprise execution. Combining deep industry expertise with capabilities in business design, customer experience, 
digital, data, AI and change management, our practitioners work alongside clients from strategy through implementation 
and adoption - building capabilities that deliver lasting business value rather than reports that gather dust.
Core Capabilities
AI operating model assessment 
and roadmap
Business and customer experience design
Transformation enablement and  
platform-led implementation
Change management and adoption at scale
Increasingly, our consulting engagements are anchored on a 
single defining question for our clients: how does an AI-native, 
agentic operating model reshape the function - commercial, 
medical, R&D or enterprise - and what does it take to get there 
in months rather than years. We lead with an AI Operating 
Model Assessment that diagnoses where current operations 
are losing value, identifies the highest-conviction workflows 
for embedded AI, and produces a sequenced transformation 
roadmap. We then partner on frontier transformation pilots - 
including ground-up R&D AI transformations of the kind we 
are progressing with select strategic clients - and bring those 
pilots to scale through the same operating muscle we deploy in 
our commercial, medical and clinical solutions.
Enterprise Clinical Solutions
Enterprise Clinical Solutions is where 
we are most actively investing to build 
our next growth platform - bringing 
together data, AI, clinical operations 
and patient engagement into a single 
execution model for biopharma 
sponsors. With biotech and emerging 
biopharma now accounting for the 
majority of global clinical trial starts, and 
with patient recruitment remaining the 
industry’s most expensive and time-
consuming bottleneck, we see a clear 
opportunity to apply Indegene’s AI-
embedded operating model to a function 
where it can compress timelines, 
reduce study delays and accelerate trial 
execution most decisively.
Our capabilities combine real-world data, omnichannel patient 
engagement, nurse-navigator-led screening, AI-powered patient 
identification, GenAI-enabled engagement, agentic screening 
workflows and always-on patient communities to support connected 
clinical operations at enterprise scale. Through partnerships with 
Datavant and Komodo for example, and through our proprietary 
engagement platforms, we bring depth of data and reach of channels 
that few partners in the industry can match. Further, by synthesizing 
clinical, regulatory, medical, patient and payer insights, we help clients 
optimize clinical trial protocols, accelerate site activation and enable AI-
powered clinical data management.
In the year ahead, we will sharpen our game plan for clinical and patient 
operations - investing in proprietary platforms, building partnerships 
that strengthen our data and patient-engagement reach, and 
embedding AI more deeply into clinical workflows - to position Indegene 
as the strategic operating partner of choice for biopharma sponsors who 
are reimagining how clinical trials are designed and delivered.
Core Capabilities
Patient identification 
and recruitment
Rare-disease recruitment
Patient engagement and 
trial navigation
AI-enabled clinical operations 
and data management
Indegene Limited
22 23
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Our Offerings

===== PDF PAGE 31 =====
AI-Powered Medical Writing Accelerates Regulatory 
Submissions to Enable Faster Product Approval
Building a Global AI-Ready Digital 
Engagement Engine
For a leading pharma enterprise, Indegene deployed 
its proprietary AI-embedded medical writing 
platform for content authoring across R&D functions 
to compress timelines from database lock (i.e., the 
end of a clinical trial) to submission of the regulatory 
dossier. Using the platform and Indegene’s AI agents, 
medical writers were able to generate high quality 
regulatory documents and establish a scalable 
foundation for future regulatory submissions.
For a global specialty (rare disease) pharma 
organization, Indegene transformed fragmented 
digital operations into a unified engagement engine 
across international markets. The solution connected 
customer data, technology, content, and operations 
to improve execution speed, consistency, and 
readiness for AI-enabled commercial models.
Measured impact
Measured impact
Success Stories
OPERATIONALIZING AI FOR 
TRANSFORMATIONAL OUTCOMES >75%
faster submission cycles for 
validated document types
40% 
faster campaign activation
70-90%
human-ready first drafts, requiring 
review instead of rewriting
8+ 
global markets activated
Agentic AOR Transforms How Brand Strategy is 
Translated into Creative Concepts and Content 
For a global top10 pharma company preparing for 
a brand launch, Indegene deployed its proprietary 
AI-powered agency-of-record (Agentic AOR) 
model to significantly accelerate the journey from 
market insights to campaign strategy and concept 
development. The model combined AI-enabled 
exploration, real-time collaboration, strategic quality, 
and regulatory discipline to compress campaign 
and creative development cycles from months 
to days, while maintaining the rigor required in a 
regulated industry.
Measured impact
3 months to 3 days
Reduction in creative 
development timeline 
10x    
increase in creative 
concept generation  
~50%
reduction in concept 
development cost
100%
traceability from every 
claim to its source
>90%
adoption across field teams
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
2524
Success Stories

===== PDF PAGE 32 =====
STRATEGIC 
OVERVIEW
Message from the Chairman and CEO
28
Performance At A Glance
32
Awards and Recognition
34
===== PDF PAGE 33 =====
MESSAGE FROM THE 
CHAIRMAN AND CEO
Through nearly three decades of change in life sciences, 
our purpose has remained unchanged - combining deep 
healthcare expertise and intelligent technology to create 
meaningful impact for the industry we serve, and for the 
patients that industry ultimately exists for.
Looking back across our journey, I take quiet pride in a 
pattern that has repeated itself at every consequential 
inflection point our industry has encountered. When the 
industry has transformed, Indegene has led. Not from 
the sidelines of an advisory engagement, but from inside 
the workflow - designing, running and continuously 
improving the operating models that made each shift real 
for our clients.
Today, the life sciences industry stands at another pivotal 
moment. AI is no longer being judged by its promise, but 
by the outcomes it delivers - the speed of a regulatory 
submission, the success of a product launch, the reach 
of a scientific message, the timely delivery of a therapy 
to a patient in need. The real transformation is not the 
technology itself, but the reshaping of the scientific, 
medical, regulatory and commercial work of our industry 
around it.
I truly believe the companies that will define the next 
decade will be those that combine deep healthcare 
expertise with intelligent technology embedded into 
critical workflows. We are uniquely positioned to help 
our clients navigate - and capture - this opportunity. I 
remain optimistic and energized by what lies ahead. The 
trust of our clients, our investors, our partners and our 
Dear Stakeholders,
As FY 2025-26 draws to a close - a defining year in many ways - I find myself in a familiar and 
treasured place: writing to you with satisfaction for the year behind us, gratitude for the trust 
placed in us, and genuine excitement about what lies ahead.
extraordinary team carries a profound responsibility - 
one that continues to fuel our ambition, our purpose, and 
our commitment to lead.
A Defining Shift
Healthcare is entering one of the most significant periods 
in its history. Advances across biology, data science 
and computational science are accelerating scientific 
progress, while new therapeutic modalities - from cell 
and gene therapies to precision medicine - are expanding 
what medicine can achieve. As innovation accelerates, 
the industry’s challenge is increasingly shifting toward 
translating scientific breakthroughs into patient impact 
faster, at greater scale and with greater consistency.
Every major transformation in life sciences has reshaped 
how the industry operates. This moment is no different. 
Digital expanded engagement. Compliance rebuilt itself 
for scale. Content supply chains were reimagined for 
speed. Each shift changed how work was done - and 
where value was created.
The next era will be defined not simply by the adoption 
of AI, but by the redesign of operating models around AI. 
Competitive advantage in life sciences will increasingly 
come from improving the quality and speed of decision-
making, translating scientific innovation into real 
patient impact. Technology by itself is not a competitive 
advantage. How it is applied matters more. Lasting 
value will come from combining technology with deep 
domain expertise, operational excellence and disciplined 
execution at scale.
Healthcare has always been, and will remain, a deeply 
human endeavor. As AI amplifies expertise, human 
judgment, scientific rigor and accountability will remain 
indispensable to achieving the patient outcomes that 
matter most. In every operating model we build, we 
design that human centrality in from the start.
When the Industry Transforms, We Have Led
Our confidence about what lies ahead is grounded 
in a pattern of proven execution across three 
prior transformations.
When HCPs began closing their doors to 
traditional field engagement, we operationalized 
digital engagement inside our clients’ commercial 
workflows - helping organizations adopt new 
customer engagement models at scale, compliantly 
and consistently. When compliance complexity 
threatened to become the industry’s biggest 
bottleneck, we industrialized medico-legal review 
and regulatory operations - bringing rigor, scale 
and velocity to workflows that had been manual 
and fragmented. When content demand surged 
three-fold with almost no matching increase in 
budget, we rebuilt the content supply chain end-
to-end - replacing the fragmented agency model 
with platform-driven operations that create 
content once and activate everywhere, confidently 
and compliantly.
None of these were isolated moments. They were a 
blueprint. In each, Indegene did not merely navigate 
the shift. We built the infrastructure that made 
the shift possible for our clients. That is the same 
posture we bring to AI.
Built for This Moment
For nearly three decades, Indegene has remained 
focused on one industry, building deep expertise 
across the commercial, medical, regulatory and 
clinical functions that underpin the life sciences value 
chain. That single-industry focus is not a limitation of 
ambition; it is the source of our differentiation.
The greatest value from AI is emerging where 
decisions demand scientific context, regulatory 
judgment, medical evidence and commercial insight. 
These capabilities cannot simply be layered onto a 
generic technology platform. They are built through 
Message from the Chairman and CEOIndegene Limited
28 29
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview

===== PDF PAGE 34 =====
Behind this performance is a portfolio of next-generation 
operating models we are already running with the world’s 
leading pharmaceutical companies - from regulatory 
pathways compressed from months to weeks, to medico-
legal review re-engineered for sub-24-hour turnaround, 
to agentic content operations that collapse creative 
development cycles from months to days, to omnichannel 
engagement that learns and adapts to each healthcare 
professional in real time. These are not experiments at the 
edges of our business. They are the operating models that 
will define the next generation of life sciences enterprises. 
And they are already at work.
Leading a New Category
Our work with the world’s top 20 biopharma companies 
- and 80 of the top 100 - has revealed an important
trend. Clients are no longer looking only for technology
implementation or functional support. They are looking
for partners who can redesign how work gets done,
integrate intelligent technologies into execution, operate
those workflows globally, and continuously improve them
over time.
This is giving rise to a new category of partner for the 
life sciences industry. By bringing together consulting, 
purpose-built technology platforms, deep life sciences 
expertise and global execution, Indegene is well positioned 
to define it - as the strategic operating partner that 
helps clients translate transformation into sustained 
business performance.
Our People - The Real Engine
None of this would be possible without our people. Our 
workforce of over 5,500 across 11 countries and 19 offices 
brings a rare combination of scientific depth, technology 
capability and operational excellence - with more than a 
quarter of our people bringing deep healthcare expertise 
that anchors scientific and regulatory rigor across 
everything we do. As AI reshapes what is possible, we are 
investing in helping our people shape the future - building 
differentiated careers at the intersection of domain depth, 
AI fluency and outcome ownership, and ensuring that being 
AI-native is not just a capability we bring to our clients 
but a discipline embedded in how every Indegeon works 
and grows.
We continue to be recognized as a Great Place to Work, 
and I am especially proud of the inclusive culture we have 
nurtured - including the strong participation of women, 
who represent 47% of our global workforce, and the 
leadership pathways we are actively building for them. The 
strongest measure of our culture is the experience of our 
people. And what they have built together is the true engine 
behind every outcome we deliver.
Our Responsibility to the Ecosystem
As a company operating at the global frontier of life 
sciences, we believe our social responsibility must 
match our unique core competencies. Our CSR strategy 
is anchored in a long-term commitment to strengthen 
India’s deep science ecosystem - accelerating translation 
from lab to market, cultivating interdisciplinary academic 
and research excellence, and building the enabling policy 
environment that will help India transition from being 
a consumer of innovation to a creator of foundational 
intellectual property. Alongside, we remain committed to 
inclusive community wellbeing - through partnerships that 
advance elite sport, palliative care, foundational education 
and school nutrition. We take the long view: this is systemic 
ecosystem engineering, not fragmented philanthropy.
The Next Chapter
The next chapter of life sciences will be shaped 
by extraordinary scientific progress. But scientific 
breakthroughs alone do not change lives. Their impact 
depends on how effectively they are translated into 
therapies, how efficiently they are commercialized, and 
how quickly they reach the patients who need them. That 
is where we have chosen to stand - at the intersection 
of scientific ambition and enterprise execution - and it is 
where we will continue to build.
Our aspiration for Indegene is straightforward, and it is a 
long one. We want to be a company that becomes who the 
future needs - again and again. Built through strategy and 
hustle, not hype. Grown without shortcuts. Scaled without 
losing our soul. A company that chooses evolution over 
ego, and adaptability over doctrine. That is the ambition we 
carry into the years ahead.
Our strategy is clear. Our priorities are defined. The way 
ahead is to execute with focus, strengthen the trust we 
have built over decades, and continue delivering meaningful 
value for every stakeholder we serve.
I wish to thank our clients for their partnership, and 
our shareholders for their continued confidence. Their 
unwavering trust and support mean a great deal to us. I 
thank our board, whose wisdom and challenge continue 
to sharpen every important decision we take. And from 
my heart, I thank our immensely talented team - whose 
expertise, curiosity and commitment will shape the new 
chapter of Indegene that is just about to unfold.
Sincerely,
Manish Gupta
Chairman and CEO
Indegene
We crossed ` 3,500 crore in annual revenue and, 
for the first time in our history, ` 1,000 crore in 
quarterly revenue. We completed our largest 
acquisition, deepened our local expertise and 
presence in key European markets, and continued 
investing in the consulting, technology and global 
delivery capabilities that will shape our next 
phase of growth.
years of operating regulated workflows, solving complex 
business problems and continuously refining execution. As 
our clients rethink how work gets done - brand by brand, 
market by market, function by function - this depth of 
expertise has become one of our strongest differentiators. 
Our proprietary, life sciences-native operating system, our 
Cortex intelligence layer, and the fabric of AI-powered 
agents we have built on top are what make our AI work 
where generic models do not.
From Promise to Performance
FY 2025-26 reflected the strength of that foundation. 
We crossed `3,500 crore in annual revenue and, for the 
first time in our history, `1,000 crore in quarterly revenue. 
We completed our largest acquisition, deepened our 
local expertise and presence in key European markets, 
and continued investing in the consulting, technology and 
global delivery capabilities that will shape our next phase 
of growth. Equally important is the quality of that growth: 
as we embed AI ever more deeply into how we work, our 
revenue has continued to grow several times faster than our 
headcount - a clear signal of the operating leverage now 
building in our model.
The stronger signal, however, is the trust our clients 
continue to place in us. Net revenue retention has 
consistently remained above 100% for the last five 
years, reflecting our ability to grow by expanding 
strategic relationships while adding new ones in parallel. 
Increasingly, we are partnering on enterprise-wide 
transformation programs spanning functions, brands 
and markets, embedding intelligent technologies into 
regulated commercial, medical, regulatory and clinical 
workflows. Across many of these workflows, activities 
that once took weeks can now be completed in hours - 
accelerating submissions, modernizing medical operations, 
strengthening commercial execution and improving 
stakeholder engagement. We measure our success 
the same way our clients do: by shortening timelines, 
strengthening compliance, accelerating launches - 
and ultimately helping innovative therapies reach 
patients faster.
Message from the Chairman and CEOIndegene Limited
30 31
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview

===== PDF PAGE 35 =====
Performance At A Glance
DRIVING CONSISTENT 
GROWTH THROUGH 
DISCIPLINED EXECUTION
`35,105 million
Revenue
23.6%
vs FY 2024-25
`6,247 million
EBITDA
11.1%
vs FY 2024-25
₹4,011  million
PAT
1.4%
vs FY 2024-25
`14,814 million
Bank balances and current investment 
11.0%
vs FY 2024-25
`31,387 million
Net worth
20%
vs FY 2024-25
FY 24 FY 25 FY 26
Revenue from operations
(` in million)
25,896
35,105
28,393
FY 24 FY 25 FY 26
Basic EPS
(`)
15.19
16.72
17.15
FY 24 FY 25 FY 26
ROE (%)
27.0
13.9
20.1
FY 24 FY 25 FY 26
Cashflow from operating 
activities 
(` in million)
5,077
6,508
4,419
FY 24 FY 25 FY 26
ROCE (%)
25.2
16.6
20.5
FY 24 FY 25 FY 26
Net DSO (Days)
73
62
72
FY 24 FY 25 FY 26
PAT & PAT margin
(` in million)
3,367
13.0
14.3
11.4
4,011
4,067
PAT PAT margin (%)
FY 24 FY 25 FY 26
EBITDA & EBITDA margin
(` in million)
5,356
6,247
5,622
20.7 19.8
17. 8
EBITDA EBITDA margin (%)
FY 2025-26 marked a milestone year for Indegene. We delivered 
23.6% revenue growth to ` 35.1 billion, combining strong 
underlying business momentum with the successful integration of 
acquisitions, while generating ` 650 crores of operating cash flow.
As we enter FY 2026-27, we are focused on translating the 
investments made over the last year into margin expansion, while 
remaining disciplined in capital allocation. Our priority is to deploy 
capital towards high-return opportunities in AI, innovation, and 
strategic growth, while continuing to strengthen cash generation 
and long-term shareholder value.
- Suhas Prabhu, CFO
Indegene Limited
32 33
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Performance At A Glance

===== PDF PAGE 36 =====
Awards and Recognition
RECOGNIZED FOR INNOVATION 
AND EXCELLENCE
Our pursuit of innovation, people-first culture, and responsible 
practices has earned us recognition across multiple areas. 
From technology and GenAI leadership to talent practices 
and sustainability, these accolades reflect our commitment to 
excellence and the impact we continue to create, elevating our 
brand and market positioning.
Industry Excellence
Leader in Everest 
Group’s Life Sciences 
AI and Analytics 
Services for 
Commercial PEAK 
Matrix® Assessment 
Disruptor in 
Avasant’s 
Life Sciences 
Digital Services 
RadarView™
Horizon 2 - 
Enterprise Innovators 
in HFS Horizons: 
Life Sciences 
Service Providers
Innovators 
in Avasant’s 
Veeva Services 
RadarView™
Leader in ISG’s Provider 
Lens™ Evaluation for 
Life Sciences Digital 
Services in Commercial 
Operations - Digital 
Evolution (Service 
Providers) Quadrant
Technology Excellence
People and Culture Excellence
BIG’s AI Excellence Award: 
NEXT Unified Data Platform
GPTW Top 50 India’s Best 
Workplaces™ in  
Health & Wellness
Best Companies for Women 
in India - Hall of Fame  
(Avtar & Seramount)
AIM Top 50 Best Firms for 
Data Scientists to Work For
People Business Consulting 
Top 50 Companies with Great 
Managers in India
Brandon Hall Group’s HCM 
Excellence Award (Gold) for 
Learning and Development
Data Breakthrough Award 
for Data Solution of the Year: 
NEXT Unified Data Platform
The Stevie Awards 
(Bronze): GenAI for R&D 
Medical Writing
ESG and Process Excellence
Leader Rating (80/100) in 
ESG by NSE Sustainability 
Ratings and Analytics
Cybervadis Platinum for 
Cybersecurity Maturity
Appraised at level 5 of 
ISACA’s Capability Maturity 
Model Integration
Ecovadis Silver Medal for 
Sustainability and Responsible 
Business Practices
Indegene Limited
34 35
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Awards and Recognition

===== PDF PAGE 37 =====
SUSTAINABILITY  
AT INDEGENE
ESG
38
Corporate Social Responsibility
46
People Excellence
52
Board of Directors
58
Corporate Information
61
===== PDF PAGE 38 =====
ESG
RESPONSIBLE OPERATIONS. 
SUSTAINABLE IMPACT.
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) at Indegene is deeply 
embedded into our operations and how we create enduring value. 
We strongly believe that long-term success stems from balancing 
innovation with responsibility, business growth with environmental 
stewardship, and technological advancement with positive societal 
impact and robust governance. Aligned with this, our ESG approach 
drives sustained growth while minimizing our environmental impact, 
empowering the communities we operate in, and maintaining the 
highest standards of governance in a highly regulated and increasingly 
evolving life sciences ecosystem.
During the year, we continued to strengthen our ESG foundations through 
enhanced governance, improved disclosures, measurable climate action 
and favourable community impact, creating long-term value for all.
ESG Priorities
To create sustainable value, our ESG 
strategy is anchored around three 
interconnected priorities:
PLANET CONSERVATION
• Science-based climate action
• Res
ource efficiency
• Cli
mate transition planning
PEOPLE & COMMUNITY 
EMPOWERMENT
• Societal wellbeing
• Div
ersity & Inclusion
• Capab
ility building
• Com
munity impact
ROBUST GOVERNANCE
• Ethics & Compliance
• Ent
erprise Risk Management
• Dat
a Privacy & Cybersecurity
Our ESG Strategy
ESG Framework
Operating in a rapidly evolving regulatory and technology landscape demands 
proactive risk management. Our COSO-aligned Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
framework, led by the Chief Risk Officer and overseen by the Board-level Risk 
Management Committee, enables us to timely identify, assess and mitigate risks to 
prevent business impact.
These priorities are embedded into 
our business planning, supported 
by leadership oversight, stronger 
disclosures, materiality-driven 
decision making, and disciplined 
performance management.
Board of Directors
Risk Management Committee
Chief Risk Officer
Cross-functional ESG Teams
Business Functions
Indegene Limited
38 39
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
ESG

===== PDF PAGE 39 =====
ESG Approach
Our ESG approach is underpinned by:
Materiality-led Decisions
Double materiality 
assessment integrated with 
enterprise risk management
Transparent Disclosures
Participation in EcoVadis, 
CDP and DJSI, with 
reporting aligned to leading 
global frameworks
Climate Transition
Climate action planning 
aligned with TCFD and IFRS 
S2, supported by robust 
governance and improved 
data traceability
Science-based Performance
SBTi-approved targets and 
strengthened ESG data 
management to support 
informed decision-making 
and disclosure-readiness
Data Integrity
Multi-tier validation 
processes with a transition 
towards dashboard-based 
ESG monitoring
Technology-Led Efficiency
Digital-first delivery and AI-
enabled innovation to reduce 
operational inefficiencies and 
resource consumption
ESG Progress 
Highlights FY 2025-26
Our continued commitment 
to responsible business 
practices is reflected in 
significant improvements 
across leading global 
ESG assessments.
EcoVadis
Silver Medal - a score of 75 
Points | Top 15% globally
CDP
B Rating | Two-level score 
improvement
NSE Sustainability 
Rating: 80/100
S&P Global 
Sustainable Score
61 in FY 2024-25 | Up from 
47 in previous year
As a responsible organization, 
we are committed to reducing 
our environmental impact while 
maximizing our contribution 
to society. Our environmental 
roadmap is focused on 
accelerating decarbonization, 
enhancing resource efficiency,  
improving energy efficiency and 
strengthening climate resilience 
across our operations.
Driving Positive Environmental & Social Impact
ESG
Environmental impact
Independently assessed. Publicily reported. Improving every year.
33.6%
Reduction 
Target
67%
Primary 
Facility
72%
EcoVadis 
Top 15% 
Globally
Carbon Reduction Renewable Energy Sustainability Rating
Indegene Limited
40 41
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview

===== PDF PAGE 40 =====
Empowering Communities: Future Goals
• Strengthen Diversity, Equity & Inclusion across
th
e organization
• Fur
ther increase gender representation and
number of women in the workforce
• Dri
ve 100% ESG awareness through trainings
and workshops
• Bui
ld leadership capability on ESG risk and
target implementation
• Str
engthen human rights awareness through
targeted training
• Mai
ntain zero tolerance for human
rights violations
• Mea
sure and strengthen the long-term impact of
CSR initiatives
• Sca
le sustainable healthcare and community
development programmes
• Promo
te responsible biomedical waste
management and environmental awareness
Environmental Stewardship: Future Goals
• Complete Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope
3 gr
eenhouse gas accounting for
FY 2025-26, aligned with GHG Protocol and
SBTi expectations
•
Dev
elop and operationalize a long-term
decarbonization roadmap and Net Zero strategy
• Inc
rease renewable energy adoption
across operations
• Imp
rove energy efficiency and undertake other
low-carbon initiatives
• Adv
ance sustainability reporting aligned
with GRI, SASB, CDP and SEBI BRSR, while
enhancing assurance-readiness
Beyond environmental stewardship, we believe 
sustainable growth is intrinsically linked to 
people and communities. We continue to invest 
in the wellbeing, learning, diversity and inclusion 
of our people while strengthening community 
partnerships to create long-term societal value.
Operating in one of the world’s most regulated industries requires uncompromising governance. Our governance 
framework integrates enterprise risk management, ethics, compliance, cybersecurity and data privacy into a unified 
system of oversight that enables responsible innovation while protecting stakeholder interests.
Governance that Inspires Trust
ESG
Indegene Limited
42 43
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview

===== PDF PAGE 41 =====
Internal Controls, Ethics and Compliance
We maintain a strong culture of integrity with a zero-tolerance posture toward unethical conduct, supported by 
policies, training, audits and reporting mechanisms.
Audit Oversight
Financial reporting integrity 
and review of annual reports 
prior to Board submission
Compliance Tracking
Third-party platform to monitor 
legal and regulatory requirements 
and enable oversight
Integrated Compliance
Audits and service reviews 
coordinated cross-functionally
Code of Conduct
Training, breach reporting, 
and corrective actions (as 
reported)
Speak-Up
Whistle-blower channel ensuring 
confidentiality, option of anonymity, 
and independent third-party reporting
Certifications
CyberVadis
991/1000
Platinum • Mature
Security Scorecard
A Rating
All Factors
BitSight
750/820
Advanced
Looking Ahead: Strengthening Governance & Responsible Business
Establish a dedicated ESG Steering 
Committee to strengthen oversight
Maintain zero tolerance for corruption, 
bribery, anti-competitive behavior and 
regulatory penalties 
Embed ESG priorities into core policies 
and processes, including climate 
action, energy efficiency, sustainable 
procurement, and business travel
Use double materiality and stakeholder engagement to set and track SMART targets aligned 
with SDGs, TCFD, SBTi and SEBI BRSR
Build a network of ESG Champions to 
drive accountability and execution
Create targeted improvement plans for 
external ESG ratings and disclosures 
Implement a centralized ESG 
data system
ISO27001
CMMIDEV / 3
ISO27701
CMMI
ISO9001
ESG
Indegene Limited
44 45
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview

===== PDF PAGE 42 =====
Corporate Social Responsibility 
INDEGENE’S CSR VISION 
The Frontier of Deep Science & Intellectual Property
The past 12 to 24 months have fundamentally reshaped 
the global economic and healthcare landscapes, making one 
structural reality undeniable: the world of tomorrow will be 
driven entirely by deep science, advanced technology, and 
high-value Intellectual Property (IP). Breakthroughs are no 
longer linear; they are exponential, emerging at the collision 
points of life sciences, data analytics, and computational 
infrastructure. For nations and organizations to thrive in this 
new paradigm, they must transition from being consumers 
of innovation to creators of foundational IP.
As a company operating at the 
global frontier of life sciences, 
Indegene recognizes that our social 
responsibility must match our unique 
core competencies. We believe that 
long-term social impact cannot 
be achieved through fragmented, 
transactional initiatives. Instead, it 
requires a deeply strategic, multi-
horizon commitment to strengthening 
India’s deep science ecosystem. 
Our CSR philosophy is anchored 
in an ambitious vision: to cultivate, 
support, and scale next-generation 
capabilities in biopharmaceuticals 
and biotechnology, driving 
India’s evolution into a global IP 
powerhouse.
Our Philosophical Anchor
Our CSR strategy represents a 
profound structural shift from 
traditional philanthropy to systemic 
ecosystem engineering. We are 
deliberately investing where 
the scientific horizon is being 
pushed, ensuring that India builds 
the enduring institutional and 
intellectual architecture required to 
lead the global bio-economy.
Indegene Limited
46 47
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Corporate Social Responsibility

===== PDF PAGE 43 =====
Strategic Imperatives:
Shifting from Discovery to Scale
SDG Linkages:
To build a self-reinforcing 
innovation flywheel, 
Indegene has reordered 
its systemic priorities 
around three highly 
strategic, interconnected 
pillars. We focus our 
partnerships exclusively on 
leading, tier-1 institutions 
and innovation hubs 
capable of driving global-
quality outcomes.
PILLAR I:  
Accelerating Translation and Commercialization Pathways
The most critical vulnerability in India’s current life sciences landscape is not a lack of raw scientific talent, but 
the ‘valley of death’ that exists between laboratory validation and real-world commercial scale. Promising 
research frequently stalls due to the absence of institutional mentorship, specialized regulatory guidance, and 
operational infrastructure.
•
Par
tnering with C-CAMP
(Centre for Cellular and
Molecular Platforms) :
Empowering a selected,
high-potential cohort of
deep-tech and life sciences
startups annually. By
bridging the gap between
clinical validation and
robust business models,
we help convert complex
science into viable, life-
saving products
•
Col
laborating with FNDR
(Foundation for Neglected
Disease Research):
Accelerating research and
breakthrough developments
in critical, historically
underfunded therapeutic
segments such as tuberculosis
and antimicrobial resistance
(AMR). This partnership
brings world-class translation
capability to pressing global
public health threats
•
Lev
eraging Corporate
Expertise: We  deploy
Indegene’s proprietary
industrial expertise across
digital tools, clinical
optimization, and complex
pharmaceutical operations
to directly accelerate
startup lifecycles, ensuring
deep tech hits the market
at velocity
PILLAR II
Cultivating Interdisciplinary Academic & Research Excellence
High-impact IP cannot grow in silos. The frontiers of modern medicine - including 
genomics, bioinformatics, and computational biology - demand a convergence 
of life sciences, advanced engineering, and data science. We focus on anchoring 
global-quality research ecosystems at India’s most prestigious, forward-thinking 
academic institutions.
• Ashoka University & Plaksha
Un
iversity:  Where we support
cutting-edge research programs
at the precise intersection
of data analytics, computer
science, and human biology.
This foundational investment is
shaping a future-ready cadre
of elite research talent and
faculty ecosystems
•
Con
solidated Bio-Innovation
Frameworks: We support
specialized capabilities and
nurture curiosity-driven,
fundamental research in
high-unmet-need areas
like cardiovascular and
neurodegenerative conditions,
integrating these efforts
into broader interdisciplinary
frameworks at premier centers
(subsuming specialized
tracks like the Institute of
Bioinformatics and Applied
Biotechnology - IBAB)
PILLAR III
Building an Enabling Policy Environment and System-Level Architecture
Even the most advanced research and well-capitalized startups will fail to scale without an enabling 
regulatory, funding, and structural policy environment. True system-level impact requires evidence-based 
frameworks that match global benchmarks.
•
Str
ategic Engagement with FAST India
(Foundation for Advancing Science and
Technology): To develop rigorous, data-driven
insights and actionable blueprints for India’s
biotech ecosystem. A core focus includes
benchmarking highly successful global models
- such as analyzing the systemic levers behind
China’s rapid rise in biotechnology - to identify
regulatory and infrastructure modifications
necessary for India
•
The C
entre for Health Analytics Research
and Trends (CHART) at Ashoka University:
Supporting robust health data infrastructure.
This platform provides the essential analytical
foundation required by policymakers for evidence-
based decision-making and national public
health strategies
Indegene Limited
48 49
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Corporate Social Responsibility

===== PDF PAGE 44 =====
Sustaining Resilient Communities:
Inclusive Social Impact
SDG Linkages:
While our primary long-
term capital is deployed 
toward deep science and IP 
creation, Indegene remains 
profoundly committed to 
immediate community 
well-being and inclusive 
human development. 
We partner with highly 
reputable organizations 
to achieve measurable 
social outcomes:
Olympic Gold 
Quest (OGQ):
Advancing elite 
sports excellence 
and athletic 
talent across the 
nation to position 
India proudly 
on the global 
Olympic stage.
Karunashraya:
Supporting the 
Bangalore Hospice 
Trust to provide 
compassionate, 
high-quality, 
and dignified 
palliative care to 
patients suffering 
from advanced-
stage life-
limiting illnesses.
Teach For India:
Eliminating 
structural 
education gaps 
and strengthening 
foundational 
learning paradigms  
for children 
across underserved  
communities.
Akshaya Patra 
Foundation:
Addressing 
classroom nutrition, 
combating food 
insecurity, and 
ensuring long-term 
educational and 
learning continuity 
for millions of 
school children.
At Indegene, we take the long 
view. India’s trajectory toward 
becoming a dominant, globally 
recognized biotech powerhouse 
cannot rely on isolated, 
serendipitous breakthroughs. It 
demands an integrated, self-
sustaining ecosystem where 
discovery is nurtured, translation 
is accelerated, and scale is 
legally and structurally-enabled.
By intentionally aligning our 
corporate social responsibility 
with the frontiers of deep 
science, we are not just 
giving back - we are investing 
forward. We remain steadfastly 
committed to playing a 
pivotal, catalytic role in this 
transformation, creating 
compounding value and 
enduring intellectual property 
that will serve society and 
elevate Indian science for 
decades to come.
A Commitment to 
Compounding Impact
Indegene Limited
50 51
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Corporate Social Responsibility

===== PDF PAGE 45 =====
People Excellence
THE WORKFORCE BEHIND 
THE NEXT OPERATING MODEL
When the Industry Transforms, Indegene Leads
For nearly three decades, Indegene has helped life sciences 
organizations navigate successive waves of industry 
transformation. Today, as AI reshapes the industry in real time 
- collapsing skill boundaries and accelerating the path from
promise to performance - we see it not as a disruption, but as a
natural extension of capabilities we have been building for years.
We see this as an opportunity to help clients lead through this
transformation while enabling our people to grow alongside it.
As AI becomes embedded 
across life sciences, human 
judgment becomes even more 
valuable. Scientific knowledge, 
contextual understanding, 
and responsible decision-
making remain fundamental 
to delivering better outcomes. 
Our strength has always 
come from combining life 
sciences knowledge, modern 
technology, and disciplined 
execution. Today, AI amplifies 
that foundation, positioning 
us well to help shape the next 
generation of life sciences 
operating models. 
Expertise Meets Ownership 
Indegene brings together a 
rare combination of scientific 
depth, technology capability, 
and operational excellence. This 
is reflected most clearly in our 
people - for example, medical 
doctors, PhD’s, pharmacists, data 
scientists, software engineers, AI 
architects, Marketing technology 
experts, creative designers, art 
directors, brands managers, 
Omnichannel orchestrators, 
brand liaisons, digital specialists 
and project managers - all 
working together to solve some 
of the most complex global life 
sciences challenges.
Building Tomorrow’s 
Capabilities Today
As careers become less linear, 
people need to learn, adapt, 
and apply their knowledge in 
new ways. 
We are building exciting, 
rewarding, and genuinely 
differentiated careers at the 
intersection of domain depth, AI 
fluency, and outcome ownership 
- equipping our people to lead the
new operating models emerging
across life sciences.
Our skills architecture 
distinguishes technical, 
certifiable skills from behavioral 
competencies, enabling us to 
develop both with equal rigor. 
Today, nearly 90% of our skill 
portfolio has an AI dimension , 
with 72% of skills already 
augmented by AI  and a further 
18% evolving towards more 
agentic ways of working .
We are reimagining capability 
across data analytics, automation, 
modular content, and clinical 
intelligence - with governance that 
keeps these priorities a step ahead 
of industry demand.
This multidisciplinary 
approach  brings diverse 
perspectives to every 
engagement, creating a 
judgment layer that is difficult 
to replicate. It accelerates 
learning, enabling our people to 
expand their capabilities as the 
industry evolves.
As of March 31, 2026, our global 
workforce comprised 5,666  full-
time employees across more than 
11 countries and 19 offices . 
More than 27% of our people 
bring deep healthcare expertise 
that anchors scientific and 
regulatory rigor across everything 
we do.
Our teams combine accountability, 
collaboration, and execution 
excellence to help clients make 
transformation real. This culture 
of ownership enables us to build 
trusted partnerships while helping 
clients navigate increasingly 
complex transformation journeys.
Indegene Limited
52 53
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
People Excellence

===== PDF PAGE 46 =====
We Bring this Approach to Life by:
• Future-ready skilling:  We m ap
the skills clients will need 18–24
months out, and build them before
demand arrives
•
Lea
rning inside real workflows:
Learning happens inside AI-embedded
workflows, where skills compound
through working in real client
environments - generating insights,
automating work, and sharpening
decisions as they go
•
Care
ers that Evolve:  Internal
mobility, cross-functional experiences,
and global opportunities enable our
people to broaden their perspectives
while building long-term careers
at Indegene. The paths are co-built
- shaped by curiosity, opportunity,
and the pace of an industry in
constant transformation
This philosophy also shapes how we develop our leaders. 
Through coaching, mentoring, experiential learning, and 
cross-functional exposure, we prepare them to lead 
through change, develop high-performing teams, and 
create lasting value for clients and colleagues alike.
Indegene has a rich history of contributing to the industry’s 
larger leadership pipeline. For example, our alumni hold 
100+ senior leadership roles across life sciences - including 
40+ VP/SVP leader profiles and 20+ C-suite executives - 
and have founded or led 35+ companies. 
Underpinning all of it is one 
conviction: being AI-native is 
fundamental to who Indegene is, and 
enabling AI fluency in our people - 
in every role and at every level - is 
foundational to our continued success.
An Environment Where People Thrive
We invest in initiatives that support 
both professional growth and personal 
wellbeing. Our flagship wellness program, 
#MyHealthMatters , together with flexible 
ways of working, helps ensure that the pace 
of transformation remains sustainable for the 
people driving it.
We believe better decisions come from 
diverse perspectives. Women represent 47%  
of our global workforce, and our dedicated 
development initiatives strengthen leadership 
pathways across the organization. Indegene 
Forward , our Women-in-Leadership initiative, 
fosters collective learning and brings together 
leaders from across the industry to share 
experiences, perspectives, and ideas. The 
inaugural edition, Grit and Grace, conducted 
in partnership with the Healthcare 
Businesswomen’s Association (HBA) , 
brought together more than 200 participants 
exchanging real stories of impact.
Ultimately, the strongest measure of our culture is the 
experience of our people. We are proud to be recognized as a 
Great Place to Work® every year, named among India’s Best 
Workplaces in Health & Wellness, and a gold winner at the 
Brandon Hall HCM Excellence Awards. These recognitions 
reflect the environment our people continue to build together.
Building a Future-Ready Workforce
AI will keep reshaping what is possible. What will define the 
future is people’s curiosity to keep learning, the courage to 
embrace change, and the judgment to apply it responsibly.
Our greatest investment is in 
helping people shape the future. 
When the industry transforms, 
our people lead - turning promise 
into performance.
Indegene Limited
54 55
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
People Excellence

===== PDF PAGE 47 =====
People Stories
Indegene strikes the right balance between driving 
innovation for clients through technology and 
investing in the growth and development of its 
people. I’ve had the opportunity to connect directly 
with leaders through their open-door approach, learn 
from their experiences, and contribute my own ideas 
to both company initiatives and client engagements. 
In my role in Data, Analytics and AI, I’ve collaborated 
with colleagues across Medical, Commercial, and 
Clinical teams to help clients make sense of complex 
data, build a more holistic 360-degree view of their 
business, and translate insights into strategies that 
ultimately improve outcomes for patients.
Cassidy Zane 
Project Manager -  
Data and Analytics
What I appreciate most is the trust you’re given 
to take on new challenges and grow. I’ve had 
the opportunity to work on global initiatives in 
scientific communications, build omnichannel 
capabilities from the ground up, and contribute to 
industry benchmarking efforts. Just as importantly, 
the opportunity to collaborate with talented 
colleagues across teams and geographies has 
been especially rewarding, as their diverse 
perspectives continue to challenge and inspire me 
every day.
Cindy Tang 
Sr. Operations Manager - 
Digital Platforms 
Delmira Parravicini 
Associate Manager - 
Medical Affairs
I value the trust, autonomy, and collaborative culture 
that encourages people to take ownership and make 
an impact. Throughout my journey at Indegene, 
I’ve had the opportunity to help expand our global 
medical review engagements and support the 
growth of our services into new geographies through 
language and localization initiatives, delivering 
solutions tailored to local market needs. What 
excites me most is being part of an organization 
that’s shaping the future of life sciences while 
giving me continuous opportunities to learn, grow, 
and innovate.
I’ve had the opportunity to work across client 
engagement, regional collaboration, and business 
growth, helping strengthen connections between 
global and local teams while supporting portfolio 
expansion across APAC. The trust placed in me to 
take ownership early in my career accelerated my 
growth and gave me the confidence to lead high-
impact initiatives independently. Every experience 
has broadened my perspective, strengthened my 
capabilities, and reinforced my passion for creating 
meaningful business impact.
Swetha P 
Lead -  
Key Accounts 
Indegene Limited
56
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview 57
People Excellence

===== PDF PAGE 48 =====
Board of Directors
EXPERIENCED BOARD
Krishnamurthy 
Venugopala Tenneti
Jairaj holds a bachelor of science degree from the University of 
Bombay. He is a qualified Chartered Accountant. He has several years 
of experience in taxation. Previously, he was an Executive Director at 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Private Limited, where he was a member of 
the India leadership team as markets and industries leader and western 
India region Managing Partner and has been the Chairman of Ernst 
& Young LLP. He is a member of the YPO Gold Mumbai Chapter. He 
was a member of the Central Direct Taxes Advisory Committee of the 
Government of India, constituted in 2008.
Jairaj Manohar 
Purandare
Non-Executive Independent Director
Dr. Gupta holds a bachelor of technology degree in computer science 
and engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, 
where he received the president’s gold medal on being adjudged 
as the best outgoing undergraduate student in 1988. He is a 
doctor of philosophy in computer science from the Leland Stanford 
Junior University, California. He has several years of experience in 
information technology. He is also an independent director on the 
board of Info Edge (India) Limited since 2017.
Dr. Ashish Gupta
Non-Executive Independent Director
Krishnamurthy holds a bachelor of technology degree in electrical 
engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras and a 
postgraduate diploma in business administration from the Indian 
Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has been an advisor to 
the board of ANI Technologies Private Limited since 2017 and has 
experience in management advisory.
Non-Executive Independent Director
Manish holds a bachelor of technology degree in mechanical 
engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu 
University), Varanasi and a postgraduate diploma in management 
from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has over 
30 years of experience in the technology-led healthcare solutions 
provider sector.
Manish Gupta
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Papathomas holds a bachelor of science degree from Columbia 
University. She also holds a master’s degree in philosophy, a 
master’s degree in science and is a doctor of philosophy from 
Columbia University, New York, USA. In the past, she has worked 
at Johnson & Johnson, and has experience in the pharmaceutical 
industry. She is a member of The Scientific Research Society of 
North America, Columbia University chapter.
Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou 
Papathomas
Non-Executive Independent Director
Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao
Pravin holds a bachelor of engineering degree from Bangalore 
University. He has 38 years of experience in the information 
technology sector. Previously, he was the Chief Operating Officer 
at Infosys Limited.
Non-Executive Independent Director
Dr. Sanjay Suresh 
Parikh
Dr. Parikh holds a bachelor of technology degree in electrical 
engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay and 
a master of science degree (clinical engineering) from the Case 
Western Reserve University, Ohio, USA. He also holds a doctorate in 
philosophy from the Johns Hopkins University. He has over 32 years 
of experience in the pharmaceutical industry and technology-led 
healthcare solutions provider sector.
Executive Director and Executive Vice President
Indegene Limited
58 59
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Board of Directors

===== PDF PAGE 49 =====
Neeraj Bharadwaj
Neeraj brings extensive experience in private equity, capital 
allocation, and portfolio value creation. He is currently a Senior 
Advisor with Carlyle Asia and previously held leadership roles 
at Accel Partners’ growth investing operations in India and Apax 
Partners. He has worked closely with boards and management teams 
to support disciplined growth, inorganic expansion, and sustained 
value creation across scaled businesses, including healthcare and 
technology-enabled services.
Non-Executive Independent Director
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran 
Nair
Dr. Nair holds a bachelor of medicine and surgery degree from the 
University of Kerala and a postgraduate diploma in management 
from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He has 
more than 28 years of experience in the technology-led healthcare 
solutions provider sector.
Non-Executive Director
Mark Francis 
Dzialga
Mark holds a bachelor of science degree from the Wehle School 
of Business, Canisius College and a master’s degree in business 
administration from Columbia University, New York, USA. He 
has 30+ years of experience in investment banking and asset 
management. He is on the board of Columbia Business School. 
He has previously worked at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and 
General Atlantic LLC. He is the Managing Partner of Brighton Park 
Capital. He is a nominee of BPC Group.
Non-Executive Nominee Director
Jill Mary De 
Simone
With over four decades of experience,  Jill Mary De Simone is a 
seasoned pharma executive and independent board director with 
deep expertise in U.S. and global commercialization, particularly in 
oncology and specialty medicines. She previously served as President, 
U.S. Oncology at Merck, and has held senior leadership roles at Bristol 
Myers Squibb and Teva, bringing strong capabilities in strategy, P&L 
leadership, and corporate governance. She holds a Bachelor of Science 
in Pharmacy from Northeastern University and completed a Fellowship 
at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.
Additional Director (Non-Executive, Independent)
CORPORATE INFORMATION 
Registered Ofﬁce
Aspen Block G4, 3 rd Floor,  
Manyata Embassy Business Park,  
Outer Ring Road, Nagawara,  
Bengaluru 560 045, Karnataka, India
Corporate Identiﬁcation Number
L73100KA1998PLC102040
Investor Relations Email ID
IR@indegene.com
Details of Exchanges where  
Company’s Shares are listed
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE)
Stock Code: INDGN
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051
BSE Limited (BSE)
Stock Code: 544172
BSE Limited, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001
Board of Directors
Manish Gupta
Chairman, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh
Executive Director and Executive Vice President
Independent Directors
Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Dr. Ashish Gupta
Jairaj Manohar Purandare
Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao
Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou Papathomas
Neeraj Bharadwaj
Jill Mary De Simone
Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair
Mark Francis Dzialga
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
Suhas Prabhu
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
Committees of the Board
Audit Committee
Jairaj Manohar Purandare, Chairperson
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh*
Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao
Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
* Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh has ceased to be a member of
the Audit Committee w.e.f 15 July 2026.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti, Chairperson
Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao
Neeraj Bharadwaj
Mark Francis Dzialga
Dr. Ashish Gupta
Jairaj Manohar Purandare
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Manish Gupta, Chairperson
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh
Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Jairaj Manohar Purandare, Chairperson
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair
Investment Committee
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti, Chairperson
Dr. Ashish Gupta
Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair
*Ms. Jill Mary De Simone was appointed as a Member of the
Investment Committee w.e.f 15 July 2026
Risk Management Committee
Manish Gupta, Chairperson
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh
Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao
*Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou Papathomas was appointed
as a Member and Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh has been re-
designated as the Chairperson of the Risk Management
Committee w.e.f 15 July 2026.
Statutory Auditors
Deloitte Haskins & Sells Chartered Accountants 
Prestige Trade Tower, Level 19, 
46, Palace Road, High Grounds, Bengaluru - 560001, 
Karnataka, India. 
Tel No.: +91 (80) 61886000, +91 (80) 61886011 
Firm Registration Number: 008072S
Peer review certificate number: 020262 
Registrar and Transfer Agents
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(formally known as Link Intime India Private Limited),
C-101, 1
st F loor, 247,
L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West),
Mumbai 400083, Maharashtra, India
Tel: +91 22 49186000 (Extn: 2331)
Fax: +91 22 4918 6060
E-mail: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in
Website: MUFG Intime India Private Limited
Indegene Limited
60 61
Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
Corporate Information

===== PDF PAGE 50 =====
Management Discussion 
and Analysis
Industry Overview
A $2 Trillion Industry at an Inflection Point
The global life sciences industry is entering a decade of 
unprecedented scale and change. Global pharma revenues 
are projected to grow to nearly $2 trillion by 2030, 
propelled by ageing populations, the rising burden of 
chronic and complex diseases, expanding access across 
emerging markets, and a wave of scientific innovation 
spanning biologics, cell and gene therapies and precision 
medicine. Collectively, pharma companies also invest more 
than $500 billion  annually across research, development, 
and commercialization of innovative therapies, reflecting the 
scale of innovation underway. The new drug pipeline remains 
robust, with 50-55 Novel Active Substances (NAS) expected 
to be launched annually in the United States through 2030, 
led by specialty therapies in oncology, immunology and 
rare diseases, alongside continued innovation in diabetes 
and obesity.
At the same time, pharma organizations are dealing with 
intensifying pressure, with the industry approaching a period 
of patent expiries, and a number of blockbuster products 
set to lose exclusivity by 2030 - exposing them to generic 
and biosimilar competition on a scale the industry has rarely 
seen. The result is a widening gap between the promise of 
the science and the performance of the commercial engine 
that must carry it to patients.
To defend and grow revenue in this environment, pharma 
and biotech companies can no longer rely on incremental 
efficiency. They are re-architecting how products move from 
lab to patient - compressing development and regulatory 
timelines, sharpening launch execution, and making every 
physician and patient interaction more relevant. Increasingly, 
the lever they are reaching for is artificial intelligence (AI). 
Across R&D, regulatory, safety, medical and commercial 
functions, leading companies are moving from isolated 
AI pilots to embedding AI into the core operating fabric 
of commercialization - running trials faster, preparing 
submissions in days rather than months, keeping content 
compliant at scale, and engaging healthcare professionals 
through intelligent, omnichannel experiences. The imperative 
is increasingly clear: pharma companies need to modernize 
their operating models to improve speed, quality and 
effectiveness across the value chain.
This transformation extends beyond traditional horizontal 
technology implementation. Every workflow is regulated, 
every output is accountable to a patient, and success 
depends on fusing deep life sciences domain expertise with 
production-grade AI and the operational muscle to execute 
globally and locally. As a result, the industry is converging 
on a new kind of partner - one that can combine science, 
domain depth, technology and data with the scale to own 
outcomes across the value chain, not merely advise on 
them. This represents a large and expanding addressable 
opportunity for Indegene - positioning the company well 
to help the world’s leading biopharma organizations turn 
today’s disruption into durable advantage, and to move from 
promise to performance.
Company Overview
Life Sciences’ Strategic Operating Partner
I n d e g e n e  L i m i t e d  ( B S E :  5 4 4 1 7 2 ,  N S E :  I N D G N )  i s  t h e  
strategic operating partner to the world’s leading life sciences 
organizations across the commercialization lifecycle. The 
Company helps biopharma, emerging biotech and medical 
technology companies modernize and scale the commercial, 
medical, regulatory, safety and clinical operations that move 
a molecule from laboratory to launch - and from launch to the 
millionth patient prescription. Indegene is not a life sciences 
IT company, a horizontal outsourcer, a specialty agency, or 
a contract research organization. Indegene is the prototype 
of a new category - the AI-Native Life Sciences Operating 
Partner - a domain-deep platform that takes accountability for 
regulated workflows and the business outcomes they deliver.
For nearly three decades, the Company has exclusively 
focused on one industry. That singular focus, combined 
with a life-sciences-native operating system, is what allows 
Indegene to industrialize judgement-intensive work at a pace 
and quality that generic technology firms and horizontal 
outsourcers cannot match. It’s the same 27-year operating 
muscle, with new category economics.
Operating at the Intersection of Healthcare and Technology
Indegene sits at the point where deep healthcare expertise 
fuses with a life-sciences-native technology stack. On 
one side is the domain: an intimate understanding of the 
regulatory landscape, therapeutic areas, medical content and 
HCP behavior that only comes from operating inside pharma 
workflows for over a quarter of a century. On the other side 
is a proprietary AI operating system - an intelligent data layer 
built on more than three million HCP engagement signals and 
two decades of commercial content and taxonomies; Cortex, 
Indegene’s LLM-agnostic reasoning engine that encodes 
domain expertise in semantic knowledge graphs; a Mesh of 
expert AI agents already in production for creative content, 
medical writing, medico-legal review, safety monitoring, HCP 
journey optimization and submissions planning; and a Cockpit 
of domain experts who orchestrate workflows, exercise 
regulated judgement, and stand behind every outcome.
It is this fusion that lets Indegene’s work succeed where 
generic approaches fall short. Foundation models cannot 
reason about an FDA labelling guideline, a Phase III endpoint, 
a payer dossier or the semantics of a medico-legal review. 
Indegene can - and does, at scale, in production, for the 
companies shaping the future of medicine.
The Indegene EDGE - Four Strategic Pillars
The Company’s differentiated positioning is built on four 
strategic pillars that together form the Indegene EDGE - 
Embedded in revenue, Domain-led work, Growth-stage 
disruption, and an outcome-aligned Engagement model.
•
Embed
ded in Revenue: Indegene supports the commercial 
and medical workflows that are directly tied to product
launches, brand performance and market growth. Clients’ 
spend with Indegene grows with their revenue rather than 
with their cost-cutting cycles. This alignment produces
differentiated client relationships, deep multi-year
engagements, and compounding opportunities for long-
term value creation
•
Dom
ain-Led Work: With more than 27 years of exclusive 
focus on life sciences and over 5,500 employees worldwide 
- including more than 1,500 life sciences specialists -
Indegene combines specialized expertise with AI-enabled
workflows across complex, judgement-intensive activities
where scientific, medical and regulatory oversight remain
essential. AI amplifies the Company’s domain depth; it
does not replace it
•
Grow
th-Stage Disruptor:  Indegene continues
to expand across consulting, technology, data, AI
and commercialization - participating in new client
budgets, adjacent workflow areas and larger enterprise
transformation programs. Indegene displaces fragmented 
agency and CRO wallets rather than compete for the 
horizontal IT dollar, and in doing so, operates in a materially 
larger and less contested opportunity set
•
Out
come-Aligned Engagement Model:  Indegene’s
engagement model is anchored on outputs and outcomes 
rather than on full-time-equivalent staffing. A substantial
and growing proportion of the Company’s revenues are
output-based or catalog-priced, aligning commercial
outcomes with client value while allowing efficiency gains
to accrue to margin rather than to per-headcount rate
erosion. This is the economics of a platform, not a labor
arbitrage business
This integrated approach has enabled Indegene to build 
trusted, long-term relationships across the industry. As 
of March 31, 2026, the Company served all of the world’s 
top 20 biopharma companies and 91 active clients globally. 
The number of clients contributing more than $1 million in 
annual revenue increased to 53 during the year, reflecting 
continued success in expanding strategic client relationships 
and increasing revenue share through broader enterprise 
engagements. Today, the Company operates in more than 
80 markets through a global delivery network spanning 
17+ delivery and operational centers across 11 countries, 
and supported by over 5,500 professionals, including more 
than 1,500 life sciences specialists, with expertise across 
commercial, medical, regulatory, clinical, technology, data 
and analytics.
The Company’s growth strategy is centered on deepening 
client relationships through integrated enterprise operating 
models, expanding wallet share across existing clients, 
broadening enterprise engagements across functions, 
geographies and brands, and selectively extending its 
capabilities through strategic, capability-led acquisitions.
Business Performance
FY2025-26 was a year of strong execution for Indegene, 
marked by broad-based growth, continued investment in 
strategic capabilities and the achievement of important 
financial milestones. The Company crossed its first `1,000 
crore revenue quarter and `3,500 crore in annual revenue, 
while further strengthening its commercial capabilities, 
AI platforms and client relationships.
Financial Review
Revenue from operations grew by 23.6% to ` 35,105 million 
in FY 2025-26, compared to `28,393 million in FY 2024-25. 
The Company’s revenue performance is closely aligned with 
global life sciences industry spending on operations, with 
58.5% of revenues derived from the top 20 global biopharma 
companies (by revenue).
Indegene Limited (BSE: 544172, NSE: 
INDGN) is the strategic operating 
partner to the world’s leading life 
sciences organizations across the 
commercialization lifecycle.
Management Discussion and AnalysisIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
62 63

===== PDF PAGE 51 =====
EBITDA increased by 11.1% to `6,247 million from ` 5,622 
million in the previous year, reflecting a continued focus on 
operational efficiency, cost optimization, and delivery of 
value-driven services.
Profit after tax (PAT) declined by 1.4% to `4,011 million in 
FY 2025-26, compared to `4,067 million in FY 2024-25, with 
profit margins declining to 11.4% from 14.3%.
Cash flow from operating activities stood at `6,508 million 
during the year, as against `4,419 million in the previous year.
(in ` Million)
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26 YoY Growth  
(in %)
Revenue 
from operations
28,393 35,105 23.6%
Revenue 
from operations 
(US$ Mn)
335.7 397.4 18.2%
EBITDA 5,622 6,247 11.1% 
Profit before tax 5,393 5,250 -2.7%
Profit after tax 4,067 4,011 -1.4%
Ratio analysis
The Company has identified the following ratios as key 
financial ratios:
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26
Days sales outstanding 
(DSO)
72 62
Cash and investments as 
a % of total assets
50.0% 32.0%
Revenue growth (%) 9.6% 23.6%
Net profit margin (%) 14.3% 11.4%
Basic EPS (₹) 17.15 16.72
Business Outlook
The structural transformation underway across the life 
sciences industry presents significant long-term growth 
opportunities for Indegene. The Company will continue to 
focus on four strategic priorities:
•
Dee
pen strategic client relationships  by expanding 
enterprise engagements, increasing revenue
share and supporting more functions across the
commercialization lifecycle
•
Con
tinue investing in AI , proprietary platforms,
domain expertise and consulting capabilities to strengthen 
the company’s differentiated offerings
•
Exp
and market presence  across therapeutic areas
and geographies, while selectively pursuing acquisitions
that strengthen the company’s capabilities and reach
•
Scal
e AI-embedded operating models  that help
clients modernize commercial, medical, regulatory and
clinical functions with greater speed, quality and efficiency
Backed by strong client relationships, differentiated 
capabilities and disciplined execution, Indegene remains 
focused on delivering profitable, sustainable growth and 
creating long-term value.
Risk Management
Indegene’s risk strategy is built on a deliberate shift - from 
reactive, function-by-function risk handling to a centralized, 
predictive and governance-led model. Three principles anchor 
the framework:
•
Cen
tralize enterprise risk data into a single, trusted source 
of truth
• Stan
dardize  how risk is identified, scored and treated
across every account and function
• Gove
rn  with clear leadership oversight, escalation paths 
and a continuous improvement cadence
A Standards-Aligned Framework
The framework is aligned to ISO 31000 and the COSO ERM 
framework, complemented by applicable regulatory and 
sectoral guidance.
Enterprise Risk Taxonomy
Risks are organized within a comprehensive enterprise 
taxonomy, ensuring that no material exposure falls outside 
the lens of governance.
Governance Model
A dedicated Risk Sub-Committee operationalizes the ERM 
framework across all business units and functions, reporting 
into the Board-level Risk Management Committee. It is 
supported by a multi-tier structure spanning audit, ethics, 
information-security & privacy governance and disclosure 
oversight. A regular governance cadence reviews risk 
dashboards, incident reports, regulatory updates and 
emerging-risk discussions – with collaboration across Legal, 
Technology, Internal Audit, Business Continuity and Privacy 
teams to ensure comprehensive, cross-functional coverage.
Integrated approach to ERM 
An enterprise-grade enterprise risk management (ERM) and 
privacy platform brings the Risk Register, privacy impact 
assessments (PIA /DPIA), PII asset and data-flow registers and 
Records of Processing Activities (RoPA) into one place. This 
enables consistent risk scoring, live leadership dashboards 
and early-warning notifications for emerging risks - turning 
risk data into timely, decision-ready insight.
Privacy, Third-Party & ESG Integration
Privacy is embedded by design through impact assessments, 
data-flow mapping and an enterprise-wide network of Privacy 
Champions that drives awareness and accountability across 
business units. A structured Third-Party Risk Management 
(TPRM) program - aligned with ISO/IEC 27036, ISO/IEC 
Backed by strong client relationships, 
differentiated capabilities and 
disciplined execution, Indegene 
remains focused on delivering 
profitable, sustainable growth and 
creating long-term value.
27001 and ISO 31000 - governs the vendor lifecycle, while 
ESG and BRSR considerations are integrated directly into the 
enterprise risk taxonomy. Continuous security-awareness 
and phishing-resilience programs further strengthen the 
organization’s human firewall.
Together, these capabilities deliver a risk function that is 
measurably more mature and resilient, enabling:
•
A c
entralized, real-time view of enterprise risk for
Leadership and the Board
• Con
sistent, comparable risk scoring across accounts
and functions
• Fas
ter root-cause analysis and incident closure through
standardized workflows
• A s
tronger privacy posture and proactive, organization-
wide risk culture
Extending beyond compliance, risk management at 
Indegene is a strategic enabler of trust, resilience and 
sustainable growth.
Management Discussion and AnalysisIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
64 65

===== PDF PAGE 52 =====
NoticeIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
66 67
Date:17 July 2026
Dear Members,
You are cordially invited to attend the Twenty-Eighth Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the members of Indegene Limited 
(“the Company”) to be held on Thursday, 13 August 2026 at 1630 hours IST through Video Conference (“VC”) and Other Audio 
Visual Means (“OAVM”).
The Notice of the AGM, containing the business to be transacted, is enclosed herewith.
In accordance with Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), read with the related rules and Regulation 44 of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), as amended, the Company is pleased to provide its members the facility to cast their vote electronically on all 
resolutions set forth in the Notice.
Yours Truly,
Sd/-
Manish Gupta
Chairman, Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
DIN: 00219273
Enclosures:
1.
Not
ice of the 28th AGM
2. Ins
tructions for e-voting
3. Ins
tructions for participation through VC
Notice of the 28th Annual General Meeting
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE TWENTY-EIGHTH 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (“AGM”) OF THE MEMBERS 
OF INDEGENE LIMITED WILL BE HELD ON THURSDAY, 
13 AUGUST 2026, AT 1630 HOURS IST THROUGH VIDEO 
CONFERENCE (“VC”) / OTHER AUDIO VISUAL  MEANS 
(“OAVM”) TO TRANSACT THE FOLLOWING BUSINESS:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
Item no. 1
TO RECEIVE, CONSIDER AND ADOPT FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial 
Statements (including the Audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements) of the Company for the financial year ended 31 
March 2026, together with Reports of the Board of Directors 
and Auditors thereon.
Item no. 2
TO DECLARE FINAL DIVIDEND
To declare a final dividend of ` 2.25 /- per equity share of ` 2/- 
each for the financial year ended 31 March 2026.
Item no. 3
TO APPOINT MR. MANISH GUPTA, (DIN: 00219273) AS A 
DIRECTOR, LIABLE TO RETIRE BY ROTATION
To appoint a director in place of Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 
00219273), who retires by rotation and being eligible, offers 
himself for re-appointment.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Section 
152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
modification and re-enactment thereof), and the Articles 
of Association of the Company, Mr. Manish Gupta (DIN: 
00219273), Chairman, Executive Director & Chief Executive 
Officer, who retires by rotation and being eligible be and is 
hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company, whose 
office shall be liable to retire by rotation.
Item no. 4
TO APPOINT DR. SANJAY SURESH PARIKH, (DIN: 
00219278) AS A DIRECTOR, LIABLE TO RETIRE BY 
ROTATION
To appoint a director in place of Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh, 
(DIN: 00219278), who retires by rotation and being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions of Section 
152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
modification and re-enactment thereof), and the Articles of 
Association of the Company, Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh, (DIN: 
00219278), Executive Director, who retires by rotation and 
being eligible be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of 
the Company, whose office shall be liable to retire by rotation.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS
Item no. 5
TO APPOINT MS. JILL MARY DE SIMONE (DIN:11483134) 
AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution 
as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of the 
Board of Directors and pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
149, 150, 152 read with Schedule IV and any other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) 
Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment thereof for the time being in force), and Regulations 
17 and 25(2A) of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended (“Listing Regulations”) 
(including any statutory modification (s) or re-enactment(s) 
thereof, for the time being in force) and any other applicable 
provisions of Listing Regulations, Ms. Jill Mary De Simone 
(DIN:11483134) who was appointed as an Additional Director 

===== PDF PAGE 53 =====
NoticeIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
68 69
in the capacity of Independent Director of the Company by the 
Board of Directors on 22 January 2026 pursuant to provisions 
of Section 161(1) of the Act and the Articles of Association 
of the Company and who holds office up to the date of this 
Annual General Meeting and who has submitted a declaration 
that she meets the criteria of independence as provided in 
Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing 
Regulations and who is eligible for appointment and in respect 
of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a 
member under Section 160 of the Act signifying the member’s 
intention to propose appointment of Ms. Jill Mary De Simone 
as an Independent Director of the Company, be and is hereby 
appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a 
term of three consecutive years commencing from 22 January 
2026 up to 21 January 2029 (both days inclusive), and that 
she shall not be liable to retire by rotation.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  pursuant to the provisions 
of Section 197 and 198 read with Schedule V as applicable 
and all other provisions, if any, of the Act and the rules made 
thereunder along with Regulation 17 and other applicable 
provisions, if any, the LODR Regulations (including any 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force) as applicable, and any other applicable 
laws, rules and regulations and pursuant to recommendation 
by the Committee and the Board, the consent of the members 
be and is hereby accorded for payment of commission and 
sitting fees to Ms. Jill Mary De Simone, as the Board may 
approve from time to time subject to overall limits prescribed 
from time to time in terms of the appointment letter and as 
may be determined by the Board for her appointment as an 
Independent Director of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the recommendation 
of the Committee and the Board, approval of the members be 
and is hereby accorded to increase the commission payable to 
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone by ` 2,00,000/- every year during her 
term and the Board (which term shall include any Committee 
thereof for the time being exercising the powers conferred on 
the Board by this resolution) may alter and vary the terms and 
conditions of the commission and sitting fess in such manner 
as may be agreed to between the Board and Ms. Jill Mary De 
Simone within the approved limits.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to the foregoing resolution, the Board (which term shall 
include any Committee thereof for the time being exercising 
the powers conferred on the Board by this resolution) be and 
is hereby authorized to do all such acts, deeds and things, 
as it may in its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper 
or desirable, for giving effect to this resolution and to settle 
any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in respect of 
aforesaid without being required to seek any further consent or 
approval of the members of the Company, or otherwise to the 
end and intent that they shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution.”
By Or der of the Board of Directors
For Indegene Limited
Sd/-
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Aspen G4, 3rd floor, MANYATA Embassy
Business Park Outer Ring Road, Nagavara,
Bengaluru – 560045
CIN: L73100KA1998PLC 102040
Tel
: +91 80 4674 4567/+91 8046447777
Emai
l: compliance.officer@indegene.com
Place: Bangalore 
Date: 17 July 2026
Notes:
1.  The 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has, vide
its General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22 September
2025, read together with circulars dated 8 April 2020, 13 
April 2020, 5 May 2020, 13 January 2021, 8 December
2021, 14 December 2021, 5 May 2022, 28 December
2022, 25 September 2023 and 19 September 2024
(collectively referred to as “MCA Circulars”), permitted
the convening of the Annual General Meeting (“AGM” /
“Meeting”) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) or Other
Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), without the physical
presence of members at a common venue. In accordance 
with the MCA Circulars and applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with Rules made
thereunder and the Securities and Exchange Board of
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the AGM
of the Company is being held through VC/OAVM. The
deemed venue for the AGM shall be the registered office
of the Company.
2.
 The E
xplanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102
of the Act, setting out material facts concerning each
item under Special Business and recommendations of
the Board along with the rationale for specific items in
terms of Listing Regulations is annexed hereto. Further,
the relevant details pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the
Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General 
Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company
Secretaries of India (“ICSI”), in respect of directors 
seeking appointment / reappointment, as the case may 
be, at this AGM are also annexed.
3.
 Pur
suant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated 08 April
2020, issued by the MCA, the facility to appoint proxy 
to attend and cast vote for the members is not available 
for this AGM. However, the body corporates are entitled 
to appoint authorized representatives to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM and participate therein, and cast their 
votes through e-voting.
4.
 Mem
bers of the Company under the category of
Institutional Investors are encouraged to attend and vote
at the AGM through VC. Corporate members (i.e. other
than individuals, HUFs, NRIs, etc.) intending to authorize
their representatives to participate and vote at the
meeting are requested to either update in the e-voting
portal or submit a scanned certified copy of the Board
resolution / Power of Attorney/ authorization letter to the 
Scrutinizer by email to madhweshpcs@acms.pro  with
a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com . Alternatively, the
same may also be uploaded by clicking on the “Upload
Board Resolution/Authority Letter” displayed under the
“e-voting” tab in their login.
5.
 The M
embers can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM
mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time
of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following
the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of
participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be
made available for 1000 members on first come first
served basis. This will not include large Shareholders
(Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding),
Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key
Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. 
who are allowed to attend the AGM without restrictions 
on account of first come first served basis.
6.
 The a
ttendance of the Members attending the AGM
through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of
reckoning the quorum under Section 103 of the  Act.
7.  The f
ollowing documents will be available for inspection 
by the Members electronically during the 28 th AGM.
Members seeking to inspect such documents can send
an e-mail to compliance.officer@indegene.com  .
a)  Cer
tificate from the Secretarial Auditor of the
Company relating to the Company’s Stock Options 
Plans under Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity)
Regulations, 2021.
b)  Reg
ister of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
and their shareholding maintained under the
Act, and
c)  Reg ister of Contracts or Arrangements in which the 
Directors are interested, maintained under the Act.
8.  All do
cuments referred to in the Notice will also be
available for electronic inspection without any fee by
the Members from the date of circulation of this Notice
up to the date of AGM, i.e. 13 August 2026. Members
seeking to inspect such documents can send an e-mail
to compliance.officer@indegene.com
9.
 Pur
suant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act
read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) the
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued
by the ICSI and Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations 
(as amended), and the Circulars issued by the MCA, the
Company is providing the facility of remote e-voting to
its Members in respect of the business to be transacted
at the AGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered 
into an agreement with National Securities Depository
Limited (“NSDL”) for facilitating voting through electronic 
means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting
votes by a member using remote e-voting system as well 
as venue voting on the date of the AGM will be provided 
by NSDL.
10.
 Mem
bers may note that the Board, at its meeting held
on 29 April 2026, has recommended a final dividend of
` 2.25 /- per equity share for the financial year ended
31 March 2026. The final dividend once approved by
the members in the ensuing AGM will be paid within
30 days after approval of the members in the ensuing
AGM, through various modes. The record date for the
purpose of final dividend is 31 July 2026 i.e. the Dividend
shall be paid only to those Members whose names are on 
the Company’s Register of Members and to those whose 
names appear as Beneficial Owners as at the close of the
business hours on Friday, 31 July 2026 as per the details 
to be furnished by the Depositories, viz. NSDL and CDSL
for this purpose.
11.
 Pur
suant to SEBI master circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
POD-1/P/ CIR/2024/37 dated 7 May 2024, read
with SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/POD-1/P/
CIR/2024/81 dated 10 June 2024, with effect from 01
April 2024, dividend to shareholders who are holding
in physical form shall be paid only through electronic
mode. Such payment shall be made upon folio being
KYC compliant i.e. (i) PAN (ii) Choice of Nomination (iii)
Contact Details (iv) Mobile Number (v) Bank Account
Details and (vi) Signature. Accordingly, payment of final
dividend, subject to approval at the AGM, shall be paid to
physical holders only after the above details are updated 
in their folios. Shareholders are requested to complete

===== PDF PAGE 54 =====
NoticeIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
70 71
their K YC by writing to the Company’s Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent (“RTA”).
12.  Wit
h effect from 18 November 2025, dividends shall be
processed only in electronic mode, and payment through 
dividend warrants or cheques has been discontinued.
Payment shall be made subject to:
•  Fol
io being KYC compliant, i.e., PAN, contact
details including Mobile No., bank account details
and specimen signature are registered with the
Company/ RTA (for shareholders holding shares in
physical form)
•  Upd
ating of bank details with DPs (for shareholders 
holding shares in dematerialized form)
 [SE
BI Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/38/13/
(4)2026-MIRSDPOD/I/4298/2026 dated 6 February
2026 read with Listing Regulations]
13.  Pur
suant to the provisions of the Act and the Investor
Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting,
Audit, Transfer, and Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended
from time to time notified by the MCA, the Company is
required to transfer any unpaid or unclaimed dividends
that remain outstanding for a continuous period of
seven years, along with the corresponding shares for
which dividends have remained unpaid or unclaimed
for seven consecutive years, to the account of the IEPF
Authority.
 The C
ompany was listed on the stock exchanges in 2024 
and declared dividend for the first time in the financial
year 2024–25. Accordingly, no dividend amount or shares 
are presently due for transfer to the IEPF Authority.
 Mem
bers are requested to note that any dividend
declared at the ensuing AGM which remains unpaid or
unclaimed within 30 days from the date of declaration
will be transferred to the Company’s Unpaid Dividend
Account in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
Any amount remaining unclaimed in the Unpaid Dividend 
Account for a period of seven years from the date of such 
transfer shall be transferred to the IEPF Authority, along 
with the corresponding shares, if applicable.
 The d
etails of such unpaid or unclaimed dividends and
the respective members will be made available on the
Company’s website at Unpaid Dividend.
14.
 As pe
r Indian Income Tax Act, 2025 dividend paid and
distributed by a Company is taxable in the hands of
members. Therefore, the Company is required to deduct 
taxes at source (“TDS”) at the rates applicable on the
amount distributed to the members at prescribed rates.
The members are requested to update their PAN details, 
tax residential status with RTA (in case of shares held in 
physical mode) and depository participants (in case shares
held in demat mode). However, no tax shall be deducted 
on the dividend payable to a resident individual member 
if the total dividend to be received during FY 2026-27 
does not exceed `  10,000/-. The withholding tax rate  
(“TDS rate”) would vary depending on the residential 
status of the member and the documents submitted by 
them and accepted by the Company.
 A res
ident individual member with PAN who is not 
liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly declaration 
in Form 121. To avail the benefit of non-deduction of 
tax, members may send duly signed forms to Company’s 
RTA at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/formsreg/
submission-of-Form-121-41.html  or send an email to 
Investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com by Friday, 31 July 
2026 (upto 6.00 p.m. IST). Members are requested to 
note that in case their PAN is not registered, the tax will 
be deducted at a higher rate of 20%.
 Non
-resident members can avail beneficial rates under 
tax treaty between India and their country of residence 
subject to providing necessary documents i.e. No 
Permanent Establishment and Beneficial Ownership 
Declaration, Tax Residenc y Cer tificate, Form 41, any other 
document which may be required to avail the tax treaty 
benefits by updating details at https://web.in.mpms.
mufg.com/formsreg/submission-of-Form-121-41.
html alternatively send an email to Investor.helpdesk@
in.mpms.mufg.com  The  said  declaration s  need  to  be  
submitted by Friday, 31 July 2026 (up to 6.00 p.m. IST).
 
  The 
Company is not obligated to apply the beneficial Tax 
Treaty rates at the time of tax deduction/ withholding 
on dividend amounts. Application of beneficial Tax 
Treaty Rate shall depend upon the completeness of the 
documents submitted by the non-resident shareholder 
and review to the satisfaction of the Company.
 Mem
bers who are exempted from TDS provisions through 
any circular or notification may provide documentary 
evidence in relation to the same, to enable the Company 
in applying the appropriate TDS on Dividend payment to 
such shareholders.
15.
 Mem
bers are requested to address all correspondence,
including dividend-related matters, to MUFG Intime
India Private Limited  (formerly known as Link Intime
India Private Limited), C-101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, 
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai - 400083, Maharashtra, India,
Tel: +91 810 811 6767 and E-mail: investor.helpdesk@
in.mpms.mufg.com  .
16.
 In line with the MCA Circular No. 17/2020 dated 13 Apri l
20
20, the Notice calling the AGM has been uploaded o n
t
he website of the Company at https://www.indegene.
com/. The Notice can also be accessed from the website s
o
f the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National
Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and
www.nseindia.com  respectively and the AGM Notice is 
also available on the website of NSDL (agency for providing 
the Remote e-voting fa cility) i.e. www.evoting.nsdl.com .
17.  Members whose shareholding is in electronic mode are
re
quested to notify any change in address or bank account
details to their respective depository participant(s) (DP).
18.  Mem
bers holding shares either in physical or
dematerialized form, as on cut-off date, i.e. as on Friday,
07 August 2026, may cast their votes electronically.
The e-voting period commences on Monday, 10 August
2026 (09:00 A.M. IST) and ends on Wednesday, 12
August 2026 (5:00 P.M. IST). The e-voting module will
be disabled by NSDL thereafter. A member will not be
allowed to vote again on any resolution on which vote
has already been cast. The voting rights of members
shall be proportionate to their share of the paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, i.e.
as on Friday, 07 August 2026. A person who is not a
member as on the cut-off date is requested to treat this
Notice for information purposes only.
19.
  The f
acility for voting during the AGM will also be made 
available. Members present in the AGM through VC and 
who have not cast their vote on the resolutions through
remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing 
so, shall be eligible to vote through the e-voting system 
during the AGM. Members who have cast their votes
by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may participate
in the AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their votes
again. The manner of voting remotely by members
holding shares in dematerialized mode, physical mode
and for members who have not registered their email
addresses is provided in the ‘Instructions for e-voting’
section which forms part of this Notice. The Board has
appointed Madhwesh K, Practicing Company Secretary, 
as the scrutinizer (“Scrutinizer”) for conducting the
e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
20.
 In ca
se of joint shareholders, only such joint holders
whose name is appearing first in the Register of Members
will be entitled to vote at the AGM.
21.
 Any
 person holding shares in physical form, and non-
individual members who acquire shares of the Company 
and become members of the Company after the Notice is 
sent and holding shares as of the cut-off date, i.e. Friday, 
07 August 2026, may obtain the login ID and password
by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in  However,
if he / she is already registered with NSDL for remote
e-voting, then he / she can use his / her existing user ID
and password for casting the vote. In case of individual
members holding securities in demat mode, who acquire 
shares of the Company and become members of the
Company after the Notice is sent and holding shares as
of the cut-off date i.e. 07 August 2026, may follow steps 
mentioned in the Notice under ‘Instructions for e-voting’.
22.
 In co
mpliance with the Circulars, the Annual Report for
financial year 2025-2026, the Notice of the 28th AGM, and
instructions for e-voting are being sent through electronic 
mode to those members whose email addresses are
registered with the Company / DPs. Members may also
note that the Notice of the 28 th AGM and the Annual 
Report for the financial year 2025-26 will also be available 
on the Company’s website, https://www.indegene.com/, 
websites of the stock exchanges, i.e. BSE and NSE, at 
www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com,respectively, 
and on the website of NSDL, https://www.evoting.nsdl.
com. The Company shall send a letter providing the 
web-link for accessing the Annual report, including the 
exact path to those Members who have not registered 
their e-mail address with the Company and who request 
the same at compliance.officer@indegene.com  or 
at   investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com  mentioning 
their Folio No./DP ID and Client ID.
23.
  As pe
r the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility 
for submitting nominations is available for members in
respect of the shares held by them. Members who have
not yet registered their nomination are requested to
register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. The
form can be downloaded from the Company’s website at 
https://www.indegene.com / or the website of the RTA at 
https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/client-downloads.html .
Members are requested to submit these details to their
DPs in case the shares are held by them in electronic
form, and to the RTA, in case the shares are held in
physical form.
24.
 The 
Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairman of
the Company (“the Chairman”) or to any other person
authorized by the Chairman after the completion of the
scrutiny of the e-voting (votes cast during the AGM
and votes cast through remote e-voting), not later than
48 hours from the conclusion of the AGM. The result
declared along with the Scrutinizer’s report shall be
communicated to the stock exchanges, NSDL and RTA,
and will also be displayed on the Company’s website,
https://www.indegene.com/ .
25.
 Sin
ce the AGM will be held through VC in accordance
with the Circulars, the route map, proxy form and
attendance slip are not attached to this Notice.
By Order of the Board of Directors
For Indegene Limited 
Sd/-
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Registered Office:
Aspen G4, 3rd floor, MANYATA Embassy
Business Park Outer Ring Road, Nagavara,
Bengaluru – 560045
CIN: L73100KA1998PLC102040
Tel
: +91 80 4674 4567/+91 8046447777
Ema
il: compliance.officer@indegene .com
Place: Bangalore 
Date: 17 July 2026

===== PDF PAGE 55 =====
NoticeIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
72 73
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT
Statement Pursuant to Section 102 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”)
The following explanatory statement sets out material facts relating to the special business set out in the  
accompanying Notice of Annual General Meeting (“AGM”):
Item no. 5
On recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Board of Directors pursuant to a circular 
resolution passed on 22 January 2026, had approved the 
appointment of Ms. Jill Mary De Simone (“Ms. De Simone”)
(DIN:11483134) as an Additional Director in the capacity 
of Independent Director of the Company for a term of three 
years commencing from 22 January 2026 to 21 January 
2029, subject to the approval of the Members at the ensuing 
AGM.
Ms. De Simone holds office upto the date of this AGM and 
is eligible to be appointed as an Independent Director. The 
resolution seeks the approval of members for her appointment 
as an independent director of the Company, for a term of three 
(3) consecutive years, commencing from 22 January 2026 to 21
January 2029 (both days inclusive) pursuant to the provisions
of sections 149, 152 and other applicable provisions of the
Act and the Rules made thereunder (including any statutory
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof) and her office shall
not be liable to retire by rotation.
Ms. De Simone is an accomplished biopharmaceutical 
executive with extensive experience in global healthcare 
organisations, having held senior leadership positions across 
leading multinational pharmaceutical companies. She brings 
deep expertise in strategy, governance, and commercialisation 
within the life sciences sector.
Ms. De Simone fulfils the requirements of an Independent 
Director as laid down under Section 149(6) of the Act, and 
Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations.
The Company has received all requisite statutory disclosures 
and declarations from Ms. De Simone, including:
(i)
 Con
sent in writing to act as director in Form DIR-2,
pursuant to Rule 8 of the Appointment Rules,
(ii)  Int
imation in Form DIR-8 in terms of the Appointment
Rules to the effect that she is not disqualified under
Section 164 of the Act,
(iii)  Declaration to the effect that she meets the criteria of
independence as provided in sub-section (6) of Sectio
n
1
49 of the Act read with Rule 6 of The Companies
(Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules,
2014 and Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations, and,
(iv)  Declaration pursuant to BSE Circular No. LIST/
CO
MP/14/2018-19 dated 20 June 2018, and NSE
Circular No. NSE/ CML/2018/24 dated 20 June 2018
that she has not been debarred from holding office of a
director by virtue of any Order passed by the Securities
and Exchange Board of India or any other such authority,
(v)
 Con
firmation that she is not aware of any circumstance or
situation which exists or may be reasonably anticipated
that could impair or impact her ability to discharge duties 
as an Independent Director of the Company, and
(vi)
 a no
tice pursuant to Section 160 of the Act, proposing
the appointment of Ms. De Simone as an Independent
Director of the Company.
 In t
he opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company,
Ms. De Simone is independent of the management of the 
Company and fulfils the conditions specified in the Act,
the Rules made thereunder and the Listing Regulations
for appointment as an Independent Director. The Board
is also of the opinion that she is a person of integrity
and possesses relevant experience and expertise for
such appointment.
 A copy o
f the draft letter for the appointment of
Ms. De Simone as an Independent Director setting out
the terms and conditions is available on the website of
the Company at https://www.indegene.com/
 Pur
suant to Regulation 36 of Listing Regulations and
SS-2, issued by the ICSI, additional details of Ms. De
Simone are annexed to this Notice.
 Thi
s explanatory statement may also be regarded as a
disclosure under the Listing Regulations.
 Exc
ept Ms. De Simone, none of the Directors, Key
Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives
or any other officials of the Company as contemplated in 
the provisions of Section 102 of the Act are, in any way,
financially or otherwise, concerned or interested in the
proposed resolution.
 Acco
rdingly, the Board of Directors recommends passing
of special resolution as set out at Item no. 5 of this Notice, 
for the approval of the members.
Annexure - I
Additional information on Directors recommended for appointment/ re-appointment as required under Regulation 36 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and applicable Secretarial Standards issued by ICSI:
Mr. Manish Gupta
Chairman, Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
DIN (Director Identification Number) 00219273
Date of Birth (Age in Years) 09 December 1972 (53 Years)
Date of First Appointment on Board 11 February 2000
Brief profile of Director Mr. Manish Gupta is the Chairman, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company. Under his leadership, the Company has evolved from a start -up 
founded 
in 1998 into a globally respected Organization serving several of the 
world’s top 20 pharmaceutical Companies. He has been instrumental in driving 
the Company’s strong growth trajectory, including its successful public listing 
in May 2024. Mr. Gupta has also led over 15 strategic acquisitions, significantly 
strengthening the Company’s domain and technology capabilities across the 
healthcare commercialization spectrum, from drug discovery to clinical development.
He is widely recognized for his leadership and contributions to the industry, having 
been a finalist for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year award and featured among 
AIM Research’s Top 20 CEOs defining the future of AI (2025). He has also been 
conferred with the Distinguished Alumnus Award by IIT-BHU and the Young 
Alumni Award for Entrepreneurship by IIM Ahmedabad.
Qualification Mr. Manish Gupta holds a Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering from 
the Indian Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University), Varanasi, and a 
Post Graduate Diploma in Management from the Indian Institute of Management, 
Ahmedabad.
Experience / Nature of expertise in 
specific functional areas
•
 Expertise in str
ategy and leadership for building and scaling global organisations
• Sound knowledge o
f life sciences and pharmaceutical commercialisation
•  Sound knowledge o
f stakeholder management, including global clients and
investors
•  Strong unders
tanding of technology, AI-led innovation and digital transformation
Conditions of appointment or re-
appointment along with details of 
remuneration sought to be paid
As per the resolution in Item no. 3 of this Notice
Remuneration: ` 8,12,50,000
Number of Board Meetings attended 
during the financial year 2025-26
5 
Listed Companies in which Mr. Manish 
Gupta holds Directorship and Committee 
Membership / Chairmanships (other than 
Indegene Limited)
Nil
Listed Entities from which Mr. Manish 
Gupta has resigned as Director in past 
3 years
None
Inter-se Relationship between Directors 
and Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company 
None
Number of shares held in the Company 
including shareholding as a beneficial 
owner
2,14,74,076 Equity Shares 

===== PDF PAGE 56 =====
NoticeIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
74 75
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh
Executive Director
DIN (Director Identification Number) 00219278
Date of Birth (Age in Years) 02 October 1963 (62 Years)
Date of First Appointment on Board 29 January 2002
Brief profile of Director Dr. Parikh is an initial investor and Board Member of the Company, with over 35 
years of experience across the pharmaceutical, medical devices, and healthcare 
sectors in both developed and emerging markets. He has played a key role 
in shaping the Company’s strategic direction since its inception. His expertise 
spans strategy, business development, and operations, contributing to the 
growth and evolution of the organization. He has also been associated with 
academia as a visiting faculty member at the School of Biomedical Engineering, 
IIT Bombay.
Qualification Dr. Parikh holds a Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering from the 
Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, a Master’s degree in clinical engineering 
from Case Western Reserve University, and a Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering 
from Johns Hopkins University.
Experience / Nature of expertise in specific 
functional areas
•
 Expertise in str
ategy, business development and operational leadership
across global healthcare markets
•  Sound knowledge o
f pharmaceutical, medical devices and healthcare
industry dynamics
• Industry insight and abilit
y to contribute to long-term business strategy
•  Experience in sc
aling innovation-driven healthcare solutions and business
models
Conditions of appointment or re-
appointment along with details of
remuneration sought to be paid
As per the resolution in Item no. 4 of this Notice
Remuneration: ` 5,00,00,000
Number of Board Meetings attended during 
the financial year 2025-26
5
Listed Companies in which Dr. Sanjay 
Suresh Parikh holds Directorship and 
Committee Membership / Chairmanships 
(other than Indegene Limited)
Nil
Listed Entities from which Dr. Parikh has 
resigned as Director in past 3 years
None
Inter-se Relationship between Directors and 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
None
Number of shares held in the Company 
including shareholding as a beneficial owner
1,20,08,172 Equity Shares 
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone
Independent Director
DIN (Director Identification Number) 11483134
Date of Birth (Age in Years) 11 December 1955 (70 Years)
Date of First Appointment on Board 22 January 2026
Brief profile of Director Ms. Jill Mary De Simone is an accomplished biopharmaceutical executive 
and board director with extensive experience in driving growth, innovation, 
and governance across global healthcare organizations. A former President 
of U.S. Oncology at Merck, her career spans leadership roles at Merck, Teva, 
and Bristol Myers Squibb, where she managed full P&L responsibilities and 
launched transformative therapies in oncology, HIV, women’s health, and 
general medicine. Currently, she advises preclinical and early-stage companies 
on commercialization and leadership transitions, serves on boards of public 
and private life sciences companies, and chairs advisory boards focused on AI 
in healthcare. Renowned for her strategic acumen, authentic leadership, and 
commitment to purpose-driven cultures, she brings deep industry expertise 
and a passion for mentoring leaders and shaping governance.
Qualification Ms. Jill Mary De Simone holds a Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy from 
Northeastern University and has completed a Fellowship from The Wharton 
School, University of Pennsylvania.
Experience / Nature of expertise in specific 
functional areas
•
 Expertise in business unit 
creation, transformation, and operational
excellence
•  Strong unders
tanding of life sciences commercialisation and market
dynamics
•  Strategic advisor
y experience for early-stage and preclinical biotech
companies
•  Experience in 
organisational development, executive coaching, and
leadership mentoring
The skills and capabilities required for the 
role and the manner in which the proposed 
person meets such requirements
The role requires strong industry knowledge, strategic insight, governance 
experience, and leadership capabilities. Ms. De Simone possesses deep domain 
expertise in pharmaceuticals and specialty therapeutics, enabling informed 
decision-making at the Board level. Her track record in building and scaling 
businesses demonstrates strong strategic and operational capabilities. She 
brings governance experience through participation on Audit, Compensation, 
and Nomination & Governance Committees of various Companies. Her global 
leadership experience provides a broad perspective on market dynamics and 
regulatory environments. She is recognized for fostering high-performance 
teams and mentoring senior leaders. Her experience in advising emerging 
companies also provides insights into innovation and evolving industry 
practices. Accordingly, her skills align well with the requirements of the role 
and support effective Board functioning. 
Conditions of appointment along with details 
of remuneration sought to be paid and the 
remuneration last drawn by such person, if 
applicable
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone is proposed to be appointed as a Non
-Executiv
e 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation. She shall 
be entitled to receive remuneration of `1,00,00,000 (Rupees One Crore only), in 
addition to sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board and its Committees, 
subject to increase in commission by ` 2,00,000 every year during her tenure.

===== PDF PAGE 57 =====
NoticeIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
76 77
Number of Board Meetings attended during 
the financial year 2025-26
1 
Listed Companies in which Ms. De Simone 
holds Directorship and Committee 
Membership / Chairmanships (other than 
Indegene Limited)
Nil 
Listed Entities from which Ms. De Simone 
has resigned as Director in past 3 years
Nil
Inter-se Relationship between Directors and 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
None 
Number of shares held in the Company 
including the shareholding as a beneficial 
owner
Nil
Instructions for e-voting
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE 
E-VOTING AND JOINING THE ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
The remote e-voting period begins on Monday, 10 August 
2026, at 9:00 A.M. and ends on Wednesday, 12 August 2026, 
at 5:00 P.M. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled 
by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names 
appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as 
on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. 07 August 2026, may 
cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders 
shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being 
07 August 2026.
The process to vote electronically on NSDL e-voting system 
consists of two steps:
Step 1: Access to the NSDL e-voting system
A.  Login method for e-voting and joining virtual meeting 
for individual shar
eholders holding securities in demat 
mode
 In t
erms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(“SEBI”) circular dated 09 December 2020, on ‘e-voting
facility provided by Listed Companies’, individual
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Members 
are advised to update their mobile number and email ID in
their demat accounts in order to access e-voting facility.
 Log
in method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL.
1.  For OTP based login you can click on https: //eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp
You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generat e
O
TP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-vo ting page.
Click on c
ompany name or e-voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting &
v
oting during the meeting.
2.  Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will prompt you to
enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to
see e-voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-voting” under e-voting
services and you will be able to see e-voting page. Click on company name or e-voting service
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
3.
 If you are no
t registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
4.
 Visit the e
-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL:
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page 
of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen-
digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown
on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site
wherein you can see e-voting page. Click on company name or e-voting service provider i.e.
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the
remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
5.
 Shareholder
s/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.

===== PDF PAGE 58 =====
NoticeIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
78 79
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL
1)  Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing
user id 
and password. Option  will be made available to reach e-voting page without any
further authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing
my easi username & password.
2)
 Aft
er successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-voting option for eligible
companies where the e-voting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On
clicking the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e-voting page of the e-voting service
provider for casting your vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting &
voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all
e-voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-voting service providers’ website
directly.
3)
 If the user 
is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4)  Alternativ
ely, the user can directly access e-voting page by providing Demat Account Number
and PAN No. from an e-voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat
Account. After successful authentication, users will be able to see the e-voting option where
the e-voting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-voting Service
Providers.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in 
demat mode) login 
through their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see 
e-voting options. Click on e-voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-voting feature. Click on company name or e-voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
 Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a 
request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
B.
 Login Method f
or e-voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than individual shareholders holding
securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode
How t
o Log-in to NSDL e-voting website?
1.  Vis
it the e-voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either 
on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
2.  Onc
e the home page of e-voting system is launched, click on the icon ‘Login’ which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
3.  A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on
th
e screen. Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/
with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-voting
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
4.
You
r User ID details are given below:
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
Your User ID is
a)  For Members who hol
d shares in
demat account with NSDL
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your 
user ID is IN300***12******
b)
 For Members who hol
d shares in
demat account with CDSL
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c)
 For Members hol
ding shares in
Physical Form
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 140279 then user ID is 
140279001***
5.
 Pas
sword details for members other than Individual
members are given below:
a)  If yo
u are already registered for e-voting, then you
can use your existing password to login and cast
your vote.
b)  If yo
u are using NSDL e-voting system for the first
time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve 
your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial 
password’ and the system will force you to change 
your password.
c) How t
o retrieve your ‘initial password’?
i)  If yo
ur email ID is registered in your demat
account or with the company, your ‘initial
password’ is communicated to you on your
email ID. Trace the email sent to you from
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and
open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the
.pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is
your 8-digit client ID for NSDL account, last
8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or folio
number for shares held in physical form. The
pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial
password’.
ii)  If y
our email ID is not registered, please follow
steps mentioned below in ‘Process for those
members whose email IDs are not registered’.
6.
 If yo
u are unable to retrieve or have not received the
‘initial password’ or have forgotten your password:
a)  Cli ck on ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ (If you are
holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or
CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com .
b)  ‘Ph
ysical User Reset Password?’ (If you are holding
shares in physical mode) option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com .
c)  If yo
u are still unable to get the password by
aforesaid two options, you can send a request at
evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account 
number/folio number, your PAN, your name and
your registered address, etc.
d)  Mem
bers can also use the OTP based login for
casting the votes on the e-voting system of NSDL.
7.  Aft
er entering your password, tick on Agree to ‘Terms
and Conditions’ by selecting on the check box.
8. Now
, you will have to click on ‘Login’ button.
9.  Aft
er you click on the ‘Login’ button, Home page of
e-voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting 
on NSDL e-voting system
1.
 Aft
er successful login at Step 1, you will be able to
see all the companies ‘EVEN’ in which you are holding
shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is
in active status.
2.
 Sel
ect ‘EVEN’ of company i.e. 140279 for casting your
vote during the remote e-voting period.

===== PDF PAGE 59 =====
NoticeIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
80 81
3. Now you are ready for e-voting as the voting page opens.
4.  Cas
t your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e.
assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on ‘Submit’
and also ‘Confirm’ when prompted.
5.
 Upon 
confirmation, the message ‘Vote cast successfully’
will be displayed.
6.  You c
an also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
7.  Onc
e you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will
not be allowed to modify your vote.
 Proc
ess for those Members whose email addresses are not 
registered with the Depositories for procuring User ID and 
Password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice:
1.
 In ca
se shares are held in physical mode, please provide 
Folio No., Name of Shareholder, scanned copy of the
share certificate (front and back), self-attested scanned
copy of PAN card, self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar 
card by email to evoting@nsdl.com / compliance.officer@
indegene.com .
2.
 In ca
se shares are held in demat mode, please provide
DP ID and Client ID (16 digit DP ID + Client ID or 16
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of
Consolidated Account statement, self-attested scanned 
copy of PAN card, self-attested scanned copy of Aadhaar 
Card to evoting@nsdl.com  / compliance.officer@
indegene.com . If you are an Individual member holding
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to
the login method explained at Step 1(A) i.e. Login method 
for e-voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3.
  Alt
ernatively, shareholder/members may send a request
to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password 
for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
4.  In t
erms of SEBI circular dated 09 December 2020 on
e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies, individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants.
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number
and email address correctly in their demat account in
order to access e-voting facility.
General Guidelines for Shareholders
 1.  Ins
titutional members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF,
NRI, etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG
format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter,
etc. with the attested specimen signature of the duly
authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote,
to the Scrutinizer by email to madhweshpcs@acms.pro
with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com . Institutional
members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) can
also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney
/  A uth o rity  L e tt e r ,  e t c.  b y  c li c ki n g  o n  ‘U p l o a d  B o a r d
Resolution / Authority Letter’ displayed under “e-voting” 
tab in their login.
2.
 It is s
trongly recommended not to share your password
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will
be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in
the correct password. In such an event, you will need
to go through the ‘Forgot User Details/Password?’ or
‘Physical User Reset Password?’ option available on
www.evoting.nsdl.com  to reset the password
3.
 In ca
se of any queries, you may refer the Frequently
Asked Questions (FAQs) for members and e-voting user
manual for members available at the download section
of www.evoting.nsdl.com  or call on: 022-4886 7000
or send a request to Mr. Falguni Chakraborty, Senior
Manager – NSDL at evoting@nsdl.com .
The instructions for members for E-voting on the day of 
the AGM are as under :-
1.
 The p
rocedure for e-voting on the day of the AGM is
same as the instructions mentioned above for remote
e-voting.
2.  Onl
y those Members/ shareholders, who will be present 
in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not
casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote
e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so,
shall be eligible to vote through e-voting system in
the AGM.
3.
  Mem
bers who have voted through Remote e-voting will
be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM.
4.
 The d
etails of the person who may be contacted for any 
grievances connected with the facility for e-voting on the 
day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for 
Remote e-voting.
Instructions for Members for attending the AGM through 
VC/OAVM are as under:
1.
  Mem
ber will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM
through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-voting system.
Members may access by following the steps mentioned 
above for Access to NSDL e-voting system. After
successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed 
under “Join meeting” menu against Company name. You 
are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join 
Meeting menu. The link for VC/ OAVM will be available in 
Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company 
will be displayed. Please note that the members who
do not have the User ID and Password for e-voting or
have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve
the same by following the remote e-voting instructions
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2.
 Mem
bers are encouraged to join the Meeting through
Laptops for better experience.
3.  Fur
ther Members will be required to allow Camera and
use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting.
4.  Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile
De
vices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due
to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection
to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5.
 Shar
eholders who would like to express their
views/have questions may send their questions
in advance mentioning their name demat account
number/folio number, email id, mobile number at
Compliance.officer@indegene.com . The same will be
replied by the Company suitably.
6.
 Mem
bers who would like to express their views or ask
questions during the AGM may register themselves
as a speaker by sending their request from their
registered e-mail address mentioning their name, DP
ID and client ID/folio number, PAN, mobile number at 
Compliance.officer@indegene.com  from Friday, 07
August 2026 (0900 hours) to Monday, 10 August 2026
(1700 hours). Those members who have registered
themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express 
their views/ask questions during the AGM. The Company 
reserves the right to restrict the number of speakers
depending on the availability of time for the AGM
Information at a glance
Particulars Details
Time and date of AGM 1630 hours IST, Thursday, 13 August 2026
Mode Video Conferencing (VC) and Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM)
Helpline number for VC participation 022-24994545/ 022-24994360
Record Date for eligibility of Final dividend Friday, 31 July 2026 
Date of payment of Final Dividend within thirty days of approval of the members
Cut-off date for e-voting Friday, 07 August 2026 
E-voting start time and date 9:00 a.m. (IST), Monday, 10 August 2026
E-voting end time and date 5:00 p.m. (IST), Wednesday, 12 August 2026
E-voting website of NSDL https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
Name, address and contact details of e-voting service 
provider
Mr. Falguni Chakraborty,
Senior Manager
National Securities Depository Limited,
TradeWorld, ‘A’Wing, 4
th Floor,
Kamala Mills Compound,
Senapati Bapat Marg,
Lower Parel, MUMBAI - 400 013
022-4886 7000
Name, address and contact details of Registrar and 
Transfer Agent
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(formally known as Link Intime India Private Limited),
C-101, 1
st Floor, 247,
L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West),
Mumbai 400083, Maharashtra, India
Tel: +91 22 49186000 (Extn: 2331) 
Fax: +91 22 4918 6060
E-mail: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in
Website: https://in.mpms.mufg.com/

===== PDF PAGE 60 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
82 83
Board’s Report
Dear Members,
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) hereby submits the report of the business and operations of the Company (“the Company” 
or “Indegene”), along with the audited financial statements, for the financial year ended 31 March 2026.
1. FINANCIAL POSITION AND ST ATE OF AFFAIRS
The summary of the financial results of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2026, are as follows:
(` I
n Millions)
Particulars Standalone For the  
year ended  31 March
Consolidated For the 
year ended 31 March
2026 2025 2026 2025
Revenue from operations 12,206 10,936 35,105 28,393
Other income, Net 783 904 720 1,072
Profit/loss before Depreciation, Finance Costs, Exceptional 
items and Tax Expense
3,264 2,709 6,910 6,415
Less: Depreciation/ Amortisation/ Impairment 363 262 1,264 802
Profit /loss before Finance Costs, Exceptional items and 
Tax Expense
2,901 2,447 5,646 5,613
Less: Finance Costs 87 62 193 220
Other Expenses - - - -
Profit /loss before Exceptional items and Tax Expense 2,814 2,385 5,453 5,393
Add/(less): Exceptional items - - (203) -
Profit /loss before Tax Expense 2,814 2,385 5,250 5,393
Less: Tax Expense (Current & Deferred) 695 572 1,239 1,326
Profit /loss for the year (1) 2,119 1,813 4,011 4,067
Total Comprehensive Income/loss (2) -28 -12 1,394 256
Total (1+2) 2,091 1,801 5,405 4,323
Balance of profit /loss for earlier years 8,113 6,312 15,387 11,064
Less: Transfer to Debenture Redemption Reserve -  -  -  - 
Less: Transfer to Reserves -3 - 3  - 
Less: Dividend paid on Equity Shares 480 - 480  - 
Less: Dividend paid on Preference Shares -  -  -  - 
Less: Dividend Distribution Tax -  -  -  - 
Balance carried forward 9,727 8,113 20,309 15,387
 Not
e: The standalone and consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 March 2026, 
have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) as notified by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and as amended from time to time.
 The C
ompany recorded revenue of ` 12,206 Mn in FY 2025–26 as compared to ` 10,936 Mn in FY 2024–25, reflecting 
year-on-year growth driven by continued demand across core service lines.
 Pro
fit after tax stood at `2,119 Mn for FY 2025–26 as compared to ` 1,813 Mn in FY 2024–25, indicating improved 
profitability during the year.
2. HIGHLIGHTS OF THE YE AR & OUTLOOK
 The global biopharma industry demonstrated its
re
silience and strategic importance during the year,
growing at approximately 9% in calendar year 2025
compared to 6.4% in calendar year 2024. Looking ahead, 
the industry is positioned to grow at a healthy 5% to
8% CAGR from 2026 to 2028, supported by a stable
funding environment and a healthy pipeline of launches. 
The macroeconomic and regulatory concerns that had
warranted caution a year ago have largely been resolved, 
leaving the Company’s customer base stable, funded
and growing as we enter FY 2026-27.
Market P
ositioning and Portfolio Growth
 FY 
2025-26 was defined by a step change in the pace of
customer adoption and the size of mandates won on the
back of our GenAI-led solutions. We increased our active 
customer base from 73 to 91 and our $1Mn+ revenue
customers from 41 to 53 during the period.
 The
 Company’s pipeline entering FY 2026-27 is stronger 
and larger than at any prior year-end, with broad-based 
depth and breadth across our top 20 customers, outside 
the top 20 cohort, and across our Enterprise Commercial
and Enterprise Medical business lines.
 Thi
s is a vindication of our unique and category-defining 
market positioning as a Strategic Operating Partner
to the LS industry – purpose-built to design, run and
continuously modernize complex and highly regulated
functions across the value chain of clinical, regulatory,
medical and commercial operations.
 Cli
ents rely on us as they have over the last 27+ years 
for our ability to run domain-intensive operations, 
exercise human judgement, harness the power of 
bleeding-edge technology and take accountability for 
business outcomes.
 As an e
xtension of this pattern, they now look to us 
to help convert the promise of AI into performance. 
They see us in a category of our own – distinct from 
pure consulting that is not backed by execution or from 
horizontal IT and system integration capabilities devoid 
of domain expertise.
GenAI @ Work
 Unl
ocking the power of GenAI is not constrained by 
access to technology but access to domain knowledge. 
Cortex, our Lifesciences-Native GenAI platform that 
encapsulates our 27+ years of domain experience and 
understanding continues to scale and is now embedded 
within all our solutions including our Content Creation 
Super App, Medical Writing Platform, Medico-Legal 
Review Solution and Adverse Event Monitoring Platform.
 Corte
x underpins our next-generation AI-embedded 
commercial and medical operating models for the 
industry: One-Click Submission, Agentic AOR (Agency 
of Record) of the Future, Safety-in-a-Box, AI-powered 
Personalized Customer Engagement and Intelligent 
Clinical Trial Operations. Each replaces a manual, 
fragmented industry process with a platform-driven, 
AI-embedded one, and each is a category we believe 
Indegene will define in the years to come.
Revenue from Operations (` Mn)
10,936
FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26
12,206
Profit for the year (PAT) (` Mn)
1,813
FY 2024-25 FY 2025-26
2,119

===== PDF PAGE 61 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
84 85
 Concurrently, through our internal Transform AI 
pr
ogramme, we continued to embed technology and 
AI deeply into how we deliver, in conjunction with our 
predominant managed-outcome pricing model. This 
drove our industry-leading revenue per employee to 
approximately US$ 75,000 per annum, up from US$ 
56,000 three years ago, a step change in productivity 
that reinforces both our competitiveness and the 
operating leverage in the business.
Innovation and Ne
xt Generation Solutions
 Sev
eral of our next-generation solutions have gained 
significant traction in the market and promise. Tectonic, 
our GenAI-embedded transformational “agency-of-
scale” model for creative development, adaptation 
and execution scaled to five customers during the 
year with two of them having transitioned to long-
term engagements.
 We we
re also successful in rolling out several “industry 
first” solutions all of which represent the potential to 
have an impact on how the industry commercializes 
products in future. These include:
 •  An ou
tcome-linked GenAI-powered omnichannel
commercialization engagement with a Top 5 global 
pharma to drive revenue augmentation of a $1Bn+
product portfolio
•  Run
ning the end-to-end medical and commercial
operations for a new product launch of an emerging 
pharmaceutical company in the US
•  Gen
AI-powered pharmacovigilance and safety
for a medical devices company driving operational
efficiency and accelerating speed of response to
adverse events
•  Est
ablishing a Global Innovation Centre for a leading 
specialty pharma company for transformation of all 
R&D operations to accelerate time to market
•  Age
ntic AOR of the Future to reduce the time from
insights to creative concepts from 3 months to
3 days
Corporat
e expansion
 Dur
ing the year, the Company completed three strategic 
acquisitions to strengthen capabilities and expand its 
presence in key geographies. BioPharm, acquired in 
October 2025, strengthened our omnichannel data and 
targeting capabilities within the enterprise commercial 
segment through the addition of the Tandem data 
platform. Integration of BioPharm was successfully 
completed ahead of schedule by the end of February 
2026, with synergies on general and administrative 
expense, data subscriptions, business operations and go-
to-market progressively unlocking through FY 2026-27. 
Alongside BioPharm, the Company acquired Warn & Co 
and Cake Kommunikations, strategic additions of people 
with deep expertise and local market knowledge in key 
European geographies. These additions complement 
our global delivery model in Europe with credibility and 
relationships on the ground.
 The C
ompany also continued to invest in senior 
leadership talent and thought leaders across commercial 
and medical leadership during the year, strengthening 
our ability to engage at the C-suite level as we pursue 
larger and more complex transformation mandates for 
our clients.
 The
se strategic expansion initiatives coupled with our 
continued investments in building and scaling category-
defining technology platforms and GenAI-embedded 
solutions give us conviction that we will continue on our 
growth journey during FY 2026-27 as well.
Awar
ds and recognition
 The
 Company was recognised by several leading industry 
analyst firms during the year. Everest Group named 
Indegene a Leader on its PEAK Matrix® for Life Sciences 
AI and Analytics Services for Commercial 2025. ISG 
Group recognised Indegene with a Leadership position in 
Life Sciences Commercial Operations 2025. IDC named 
the Company a Major Player in R&D Pharmacovigilance 
Technology Solutions 2025, and Avasant recognised 
Indegene as an Innovator in its Veeva Digital Services 
RadarView 2025 assessment.
 Ind
egene also received multiple industry and product 
awards during the year. The Company was awarded 
Data Solution of the Year – Healthcare, at the Data 
Breakthrough Awards 2025 and was a Finalist for Data 
Platform 2025 at the MM+M Awards. The Company 
won a Gold at the Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence 
Awards 2025 in the Learning and Development 
category and a Bronze at the 2025 Stevie® Awards for 
Technology Excellence.
 Ind
egene’s people-first culture and workplace practices 
were recognised across several leading platforms. The 
Company was named to the Avtar & Seramount Hall 
of Fame as one of the Best Companies for Women in 
India for five continuous years of diversity and inclusion 
leadership. It was also recognised in the People Business 
Top 50 Companies with Great Managers 2025. Indegene 
was also honoured at the Great Manager Awards 2025 — 
the fourth consecutive year of this recognition. Indegene 
was certified by Great Place to Work® (December 2025 
to December 2026, India) and named among India’s 
Top 50 Best Workplaces in Health & Wellness 2026, 
recognising holistic employee well-being programmes.
 On th
e sustainability and governance front, Indegene 
was categorised as an ‘ESG Leader’ by NSE 
Sustainability Ratings with an overall score of 80/100, 
and was awarded the Silver Medal by EcoVadis for its 
Environmental, Social, and Governance performance 
in 2025, achieving an overall score of 75 and ranking 
among the top 15% of organisations globally on the 
EcoVadis benchmark. The Company also received the 
CyberVadis ‘Platinum’ rating with a score of 963/1000, 
reflecting a ‘Mature’ level of cybersecurity practices 
embedded across the organisation.
3. DIVIDEND
 The Board recommends a final dividend of ` 2. 25 per
equity share of face value `  2/- each for the financial
year ended 31 March 2026. The dividend is subject to
approval of members at the ensuing Annual General
Meeting (“AGM”) and deduction of tax at source, as
required under the law. The final dividend, if approved,
would be paid to members whose names appear in the
Register of Members as on the record date fixed for
this purpose.
 The
 dividend payment is based upon the parameters
mentioned in the Dividend Distribution Policy approved 
by the Board of Directors of the Company pursuant to
SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015. The Policy is uploaded on the
Company’s website at Dividend Distribution  Policy
 Div
idend, if approved by the members, will be paid
electronically pursuant to the amendment to Regulation 
12 notified by the Securities and Exchange Board of
India vide the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) (Fifth Amendment) Regulations, 2025,
effective 19 November 2025. Accordingly, the Company 
would be unable to pay dividend through warrants
and cheques.
4. TRANSFER TO RESERVES
 During the year under review, the Board of Directors of
th
e Company, has decided not to transfer any amounts
to the Reserves.
5. CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS
 The Company did not undergo any change in the nature
of i
ts business during the period under review.
6. SHARE CAPITAL
 During the FY 2025-26, the Company allotted a total of 
8,
93,392 equity shares having face value of ` 2 each on 
various dates pursuant to the exercise of vested stock
options by the eligible employees under the Indegene
Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP 2020”/
“Plan”) and Indegene Employee Restricted Stock Unit
Plan 2020 (“RSU 2020”/ “Plan”).
 As of 3
1 March 2026, the issued Share Capital of
the Company stood at `  48,18,02,708 divided into
24,09,01,354* equity shares of ` 2/- each.
 *3,
72,708 shares held by Indegene Employee Welfare
Trust are not included in the financial statements as of
31 March 2026.
7. CREDIT RATING
 The Company has neither issued any debt instruments
no
r undertaken any fixed deposit programme or any
scheme or proposal involving mobilisation of funds,
whether in India or abroad. Hence, credit rating is not
applicable for the financial year 2025-26.
8.  MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS
AFFEC
TING FINANCIAL POSITION BETWEEN
THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR AND THE
DATE OF THE REPORT
 There have been no material changes and commitments, 
wh
ich affect the financial position of the Company,
after the close of financial year 2025-26 till the date of
this report.
9. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL S
 The Company has in place adequate financial controls
wi
th reference to financial statements. During the year,
such controls were tested and no reportable material
weakness in the design or operation was observed as
required under The Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
10.  DETAILS  OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL
ORDERS P
ASSED BY THE REGULATORS,
COURTS AND TRIBUNALS
 During the year under review, one material final
as
sessment order was received under Section 144B
of the Income Tax Act 1961, with an income tax

===== PDF PAGE 62 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
86 87
demand notice u/s 156 of the Income Tax Act, 1961 from the Income Tax Department for the Assessment Year 2023-24 
(corresponding to the Financial Year 2022–23) with an income tax demand of ` 43,68,84,410 (including interest).
 Als
o, a procedural deviation occurred in the timing of receipt of funds in relation to the allotment of equity shares under the 
RSU 2020 plan. To regularise this unintended deviation and to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance, the 
Company and its officers have voluntarily approached the concerned regulatory authorities for adjudication, compounding 
and settlement. As on the date of this Report, no material orders have been passed in this regard.
 Oth
er than above, no other significant and material orders were passed by any regulators, courts or tribunals impacting 
the going concern status of the Company or its future operations.
11.  SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURE S AND ASSOCIATE COMPANIES
 As on 31 March 2026, the Company has 28 subsidiaries, including step-down subsidiaries, across the United States,
Si
ngapore, Mexico, Japan, China, Ireland, Canada, United Kingdom, Germany, Switzerland, Austria and Spain.
 Dur
ing the year under review, the Company strengthened its global footprint through the following strategic acquisitions:
Name of the entity Acquiring entity Shareholding Jurisdiction
BioPharm Parent Holding, Inc. (along with subsidiaries) ILSL Holdings, Inc. 100% United States
Warn and Co Limited Indegene Ireland Limited 100% United Kingdom
Cake Kommunikations Holding GmbH  
(along with subsidiaries)
Indegene Ireland Limited 100% Austria
 The above acquisitions were undertaken through the 
Co
mpany’s subsidiaries and include their respective 
step-down subsidiaries, where applicable.
 Fur
ther, during the year, as part of internal restructuring, 
Services Indegene Aptilon, Inc., Canada has been merged 
with Trilogy Writing and Consulting ULC, Canada to form 
Indegene Healthcare Canada, Inc.
 Dur
ing the year, the Board of Directors reviewed the 
affairs of the subsidiaries. In accordance with Section 
129(3) of the Act, we have prepared the Consolidated 
financial statements of the Company, which form part 
of this Annual Report. Further, a statement showing 
salient features of the financial statements of our 
subsidiaries in the prescribed format AOC-1 is appended 
as Annexure-1 to the Board’s report. The statement also 
provides details of the performance and financial position 
of each of the subsidiaries, along with the changes that 
occurred, during financial year 2025-26. In accordance 
with Section 136 of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
audited financial statements, including the consolidated 
financial statements and related information of the 
Company and audited accounts of its subsidiaries, are 
available at the Financial Information section of our 
website. Financial Information
 The C ompany does not have any associate or joint 
venture Company during the period under review.
12. DEPOSITS
 The Company has not accepted any deposits from the
pu
blic and as such, no amount on account of principal or 
interest on deposits from the public was outstanding as 
on the date of the Balance Sheet.
13.  DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL
PERSONNEL
 As on 31 March 2026, the Company has eleven Directors, 
co
mprising two Executive Directors, two Non-Executive 
Directors and seven Independent Directors, including
two women Independent Directors.
 The 
Board of Directors pursuant to a Circular
resolution passed on 22 January 2026 appointed Ms.
Jill Mary De Simone (DIN 11483134) as an Additional
Director (Non-Executive Independent Director) of the
Company for a term of three years commencing from
22 January, 2026 to 21 January 2029, subject to the
approval of the Members at the ensuing AGM. A resolution 
seeking Member’s approval for her appointment forms
part of the Notice for the ensuing AGM.
 Bas
ed on the recommendation of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), and in terms of the 
provisions of the Act, the Board of Directors proposed 
to appoint Neeraj Bharadwaj (DIN: 01314963) as 
an Independent Director of the Company effective  
23 January 2026. Further, in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 149 read with Schedule IV to 
the Act and applicable SEBI Listing Regulations, 
Neeraj Bharadwaj was appointed as Non-Executive, 
Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire 
by rotation, for a term of five years commencing from  
23 January 2026, to 22 January 2031 (both days 
inclusive). His appointment was duly approved by the 
members through a postal ballot on 23 January 2026. 
In the opinion of the Board, Neeraj Bharadwaj is a 
person of integrity and fulfils requisite conditions as per 
applicable laws and is independent of the management 
of the Company.
 In ac
cordance with Section 152 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, Mr. Manish Gupta, (DIN: 00219273) and 
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh, (DIN: 00219278), retire by 
rotation at the ensuing AGM and being eligible, offer 
themselves for re-appointment. A resolution seeking 
shareholders’ approval for their re-appointment forms a 
part of the Notice.
 Pur
suant to the provisions of Section 203 of the Act, 
the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company as on 31 
March 2026, are Mr. Manish Gupta, Chairman, Executive 
Director and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Sanjay Suresh 
Parikh, Executive Director, Mr. Suhas Prabhu, Chief 
Financial Officer and Ms. Srishti Ramesh Kaushik, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer.
 In t
he opinion of the Board of Directors, the independent 
directors have relevant proficiency, expertise, and 
experience. During the year, the non-executive directors 
of the Company had no pecuniary relationship or 
transactions with the Company, other than sitting fees, 
commission, and reimbursement of expenses incurred 
by them to attend the meetings of the Company.
14.  POLICY ON DIRECTORS’ APPOINTMENT AND
REMUNERA
TION
 The Company’s policy is to maintain an appropriate
ba
lance of executive, non-executive and independent
directors to ensure the independence of the Board
and a clear separation between its governance and
management functions.
 As at 31 March 2026, the Board comprised eleven 
di
rectors, consisting of two executive directors, two  
non-executive and non-independent directors, and 
seven independent directors. The Board includes two 
women independent directors.
 Det
ails relating to the Board and Commit tee composition, 
tenure of directors, areas of expertise and other relevant 
information are set out in the Corporate Overview 
section of this Annual Report.
 The p
olicy of the Company on directors’ appointment 
and remuneration, including the criteria for determining 
qualifications, positive attributes, independence of 
a director and other matters, as required under sub-
section (3) of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 
2013, is available on our website, at Nomination and 
Remuneration  Policy
 We a
ffirm that the remuneration paid to the directors 
is as per the terms laid out in the Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy of the Company.
 The
 Company’s Policy on Board Diversity is available on 
our website Policy on Board Diversity
 The Company’s policy on Criteria for making payment to 
non-executive directors is available on our website Criteria 
for Making Payment to Non-Executive Directors (Neds)
 The Company’s policy on Terms and Conditions of 
In
dependent Directors is available on our website Terms 
and Conditions of Independent  Directors
15. PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
 Disclosure pertaining to remuneration and other details 
as 
required under Section 197(12) of the Act read
with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is
annexed to the Report as Annexure 2 .
 The s
tatement containing particulars of top 10
employees and particulars of employees as required
under Section 197 (12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and
(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is provided as a
separate Annexure forming part of this report. In terms
of proviso to Section 136(1) of the Act, the Report and
Accounts are being sent to the shareholders, excluding
the aforesaid Annexure. The said statement is also open 

===== PDF PAGE 63 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
88 89
for inspection. Any member interested in obtaining a 
copy of the same may write to the Company Secretary. 
 Non
e of the employees listed in the said Annexure are 
related to any Director of the Company.
16. HUMAN RESOURCE S DEVELOPMENT
 For nearly three decades, Indegene has helped life
sc
iences organizations navigate successive waves of
industry transformation. Today, as AI reshapes the
industry in real time - collapsing skill boundaries and
accelerating the path from promise to performance - we 
see it not as a disruption, but as a natural extension of
capabilities we have been building for years.
 We se
e this as an opportunity to help clients lead
through this transformation while enabling our people
to grow alongside it. Indegene brings together a rare
combination of scientific depth, technology capability,
and operational excellence. This is reflected most clearly
in our multi-disciplinary and multi-geographic workforce 
collaborating to solve some of the most complex global 
life sciences challenges.
 For f
urther insights, please refer to the People Excellence
section of this Annual Report.
17.  PREVENTION OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT
(“P
OSH”)
 The Company is committed to providing a safe and
re
spectful work environment and enforces a zero-
tolerance approach towards any conduct which can be
considered as sexual harassment. The Company treats
every employee with dignity and respect, fosters to
create a workplace which is safe and free from any act
of sexual harassment.
 The C
ompany has a Prevention of Sexual Harassment
Policy as per the provisions of the Sexual Harassment
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition &
Redressal) Act, 2013 and Rules thereunder (“POSH Act
& Rules”).
Thi
s Policy encompasses following:
• To de
fine Sexual Harassment;
•  To l
ay down the guidelines for reporting acts of
Sexual Harassment at the workplace; and
•  To pr
ovide the procedure for the resolution and
redressal of complaints of Sexual Harassment.
 The same can be accessed on our website Prevention of 
Se
xual Harassment Policy
 The P
olicy is applicable to all employees including 
the Company’s contract employees. The Company is 
committed to providing a workplace that is free from 
discrimination, harassment and victimisation, regardless 
of gender, race, creed, religion, place of origin, sexual 
orientation of a person employed or engaged with 
the Company.
 The C
ompany has constituted an Internal Complaints 
Committee (“ICC”) to consider and resolve all sexual 
harassment complaints reported to the ICC. The 
constitution of the ICC is as per the POSH Act & Rules 
and the ICC includes an external member from an NGO 
with relevant experience.
 Dur
ing the year, the Company undertook initiatives to 
promote awareness and prevention of sexual harassment 
in the workplace. Comprehensive training modules on 
POSH were made available to all employees, including 
all categories of employees, through the Company’s 
learning lab. The Company also conducted awareness 
sessions for employees through the learning lab to ensure 
broad-based sensitisation across the organisation.
 Fur
ther, quarterly orientation sessions were conducted for 
the members of the ICC to reinforce their understanding 
of applicable procedures and responsibilities.
 Dur
ing the year under review, one complaint pertaining 
to sexual harassment was received under the POSH 
Act. The same was duly investigated in accordance 
with the Company’s policy, and appropriate action was 
taken, including termination of the respondent by the 
employer. No complaints remained unresolved as on  
31 March 2026.
18.  EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN /
RES
TRICTED STOCK UNIT PLAN
 The primary objective of the equity-based compensation 
pl
ans (Employee Stock Option Plan and Restricted Stock 
Unit Plan) is to reward employees for their continued
association with and performance in the Company.
The Company intends to utilize these Plans as a means
of sharing the value and growth generated by the
employees’ contributions over time. Additionally, these
Plans aim to attract and retain key talent within the
organization, thereby aligning employee interests with
the long-term success of the Company.
 Indegene Limited Emplo
yee Stock Option Plan 2020 
(“ESOP 2020”/ “Plan”)
 Pur
suant to the resolutions passed by our Board 
on 29 October 2020 and the shareholders on  
13 November 2020, the company adopted the  
ESOP 2020/ Plan. The ESOP 2020/ Plan was 
last amended pursuant to the resolutions passed 
by our Board on 23 November 2022 and the 
shareholders on 28 November 2022 and later, 
ratified by the shareholders in the AGM held on  
06 September 2024.
 The C
ompany has implemented the Indegene Limited 
Company Share Option Plan 2022 (“CSOP Sub-Plan”), 
forming part of the ESOP 2020/ Plan, for the benefit of 
employees of its United Kingdom subsidiary.
 The C
SOP Sub-Plan has been adopted in accordance 
with applicable laws, including the provisions of Schedule 
4 of the UK Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 
2003, and is administered by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Board.
 The o
ptions granted under the CSOP Sub-Plan are 
within the overall ceiling approved under ESOP 2020 
and are exercisable into equity shares of face value ` 2 
each, on terms and conditions, including exercise price 
and vesting conditions, as determined under the ESOP 
2020/ Plan and the CSOP Sub-Plan.
 The m
aximum number of options that may be granted 
under ESOP 2020/ Plan is 60,14,543 resulting in 
60,14,543 equity shares of ` 2 each. The exercise price 
per option shall be the fair market value of the share of 
the Company as on date of grant of such option.
 Dur
ing the financial year 2025-26, 2,15,192 options 
were exercised by selected employees of the Company 
and its subsidiaries under the ESOP 2020/ Plan and 
7,782 options were exercised by selected employees 
of the Company and its subsidiaries under the CSOP  
Sub-Plan.
 Indegene Employ
ee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2020 
(“RSU 2020”/ “Plan”)
 Pur
suant to the resolutions passed by our Board on  
29 October 2020 and the shareholders on  
13 November  2020, the Company adopted the RSU 
2020 Plan. The RSU 2020/ Plan was last amended 
pursuant to the resolutions passed by our Board on  
23 November 2022 and the shareholders on  
28 November 2022 and later, ratified by the shareholders 
in the AGM held on 06 September 2024.
 The maximum number of options that may be granted 
un
der the RSU 2020 is 58,49,250 resulting in 58,49,250 
equity shares of ` 2 each. The exercise price per option 
shall be the face value of the share ` 2 each.
 Dur
ing the financial year 2025-26, 6,70,418 options 
were exercised by selected employees of the Company 
and its subsidiaries under the RSU 2020/ Plan.
 The
 statutory disclosures as mandated under the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 
will be available for electronic inspection by the Members 
during the AGM and is also hosted on the website of the 
Company: https://www.indegene.com and the cer tificate 
from the Secretarial Auditor confirming implementation 
of the above schemes in accordance with Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 and 
members approval, is annexed to the Board’s report.
19. AUDIT REPORTS AND AUDITORS
AUDIT REPORTS
 The
  aud
itors’ report for financial year 2025-26 does not
contain any qualification, reservation, or adverse remark. 
The report is enclosed with the financial statements in
this Annual Report.
 The 
secretarial audit report and management response
to the same are enclosed in Annexure - 3 to this report.
 The 
auditor’s certificate confirming compliance with
conditions of corporate governance as stipulated under
the listing regulations, for financial year 2025-26 is
enclosed as annexure to the corporate governance
report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
 The
 secretarial auditor’s certificate on the implementation
of share-based schemes in accordance with Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, is
enclosed in Annexure - 4
AUDIT
ORS
• Statutor
y Auditor
 The M
embers at the 27 th AGM held on 26 June
2025, appointed Deloitte Haskins & Sells,
Chartered Accountants, Firm Registration
No. 008072S as the Statutory Auditors of
the Company, for a consecutive term of five
years till the conclusion of the 32
nd AGM of the
Company.

===== PDF PAGE 64 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
90 91
 The A udit Committee reviews the independence 
and objectivity of the Auditors and the effectiveness 
of the Audit process.
• Secretarial Audit
or
 Pur
suant to Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
(Third Amendment) Regulations, 2024, w.e.f.
13 December 2024, all listed entities incorporated 
in India shall appoint secretarial auditor for not more 
than one term of five consecutive years; or a firm of
Secretarial Auditors for not more than two terms
of five consecutive years, with the approval of its
shareholders in its AGM.
 Pur
suant to the above, Madhwesh Prathap
and Associates, Company Secretaries, (Firm
Registration Number P2025KR103400) was
appointed as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company 
for a term of five consecutive years, who shall hold
office from the conclusion of the 27
th AGM until
the conclusion of the 32 nd AGM of the Company.
Accordingly, the said firm shall conduct secretarial
audit for the financial years starting from financial
year 2025-26 to 2029-30.
• Internal Audit
 Gra
nt Thornton India LLP serves as the internal
auditors of the Company, in accordance with
Section 138 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Rule 13 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
• Cost R
ecords and Cost Audit:
 Mai
ntenance of cost records and requirement of
cost audit as prescribed under the provisions of
Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not
applicable for the business activities carried out by 
the Company.
20. REPORTING OF FRAUDS BY AUDITORS
 During the year under review, an instance of fraud
in
volving misappropriation of assets amounting to
`24.30 lakhs was identified, which was committed by an
employee of the Company. The entire amount involved
has since been fully recovered. The statutory auditors
have reported the said instance in their audit report. No
other fraud by the Company was noticed or reported
during the year.
 The C
ompany has taken suitable corrective and
preventive measures, including strengthening of internal 
and system-based controls and conducting focused
training programmes for the concerned team, with a 
view to preventing recurrence of such incidents.
 Dur
ing the year under review, no further instances of 
fraud were reported to the Audit Committee by the 
statutory auditors or the secretarial auditor under 
Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013.
21. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 As of 31 March 2026, the Company has duly constituted 
Aud
it Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Investment
Committee and Risk Management Committee, each of
which is duly constituted to discharge its respective
functions in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, 
and corporate governance standards.
 Dur
ing the year, all recommendations made by the
committees were approved by the Board.
 A de
tailed note on the composition of the Board and its
committees is provided in the Corporate Governance
Report, which forms part of this Annual Report.
22. ANNUAL RETURN
 Pursuant to Section 92(3) read with Section 134(3)(a) of
th
e Act, the Company’s annual return is available on its
website at Annual General  Meeting.
23.  DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
AND S
TATEMENT ON COMPLIANCE OF CODE
OF CONDUCT
 The Company has received necessary declaration from
ea
ch independent director under Section 149(7) of the
Act, that he / she meets the criteria of independence
laid down in Section 149(6), Code for independent
directors of the Act and of the Listing Regulations. The
said declarations are provided in Annexure – 5 .
24.  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REPORT
 In terms of the provisions of Regulation 34 of the Listing 
Re
gulations, the Management’s Discussion and Analysis 
Report is set out in this Annual Report.
 The 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis Report
provides a comprehensive overview of the Company’s
business environment, industry developments,
opportunities and threats, financial performance, risk
management framework and internal control systems.
It also outlines the Company’s strategy and outlook,
reflecting the management’s perspective on future 
growth and sustainability.
 The s
hareholders are advised to refer to the separate 
section on the Management Discussion and Analysis in 
this Report.
25. RISK MANAGEMENT
 The Company believes that risks should be managed
an
d monitored on a continuous basis. As a result, the
Company has designed a dynamic risk management
framework to manage risks effectively and efficiently.
 The C
ompany’s risk management framework is
supported by the Board of Directors, the management
of the Company and the Risk Management Committee.
The Risk Management Committee is delegated with
responsibilities in relation to risk management and the
sustainability reporting of the Company.
 To fu
rther strengthen the organisation’s risk governance 
framework and ensure effective operationalisation of
Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”), the Company
has established a SubRisk Committee reporting to the
Risk Management Committee. The SubRisk Committee
is responsible for driving ERM implementation across
business units, monitoring key risk indicators, maintaining 
the enterprise risk register, and providing advisory inputs 
on emerging risks and mitigation strategies.
 The C
ompany has also formulated a risk management
policy and established a mechanism to apprise the
Board on risk assessment, minimization procedures and
periodic review. The main objective of this policy is to
ensure sustainable business growth with stability and
to promote a proactive approach in reporting, evaluating 
and resolving risks associated with the business. The
policy establishes a structured and disciplined approach 
to risk management, in order to guide decision-making
on risk related matters.
 Th
e Company’s Risk Management Policy is available on
our website.
26. VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BL OWER POLICY
 The Company has a Whistle-blower Policy in place and 
al
igns with the requirements of vigil mechanism under the 
Act and Regulation 22 of Listing Regulations. This Policy 
provides for adequate safeguards against victimization
of persons who complain under the mechanism and
provides for direct access to the Chairperson of the
Audit Committee.
 The Audit Committee of the Company oversees 
th
e functioning of the Whistle Blower framework. 
Complaints can be received through various channels 
established by the Company, including an online 
reporting portal and a dedicated hotline for anonymous 
reporting Indegene Speak Up both managed by a 
third-party service provider, complaints received via a 
designated email address whistleblower@indegene.
com, in-person reporting with designated individuals, 
traditional mail to a designated postal address, or emails 
sent directly to the chairman of the Audit Committee at 
chairman.audit@indegene.com .
 Th
e Company’s Whistle Blower Policy  is available on 
our website.
27. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
 The Company is committed to maintaining the highest
st
andards of corporate governance and believes that
sound governance practices are essential for achieving
sustainable growth, enhancing stakeholder value
and maintaining transparency and accountability in
its operations.
 The C
ompany’s governance framework is designed
to ensure ethical conduct of business, effective
management oversight and compliance with applicable
laws and regulations. The Board of Directors provide
strategic direction and oversight, while ensuring that the 
management acts in the best interests of all stakeholders.
 The C
ompany has complied with the requirements of
corporate governance as stipulated under the Act and
the Listing Regulations, as applicable.
 Our 
corporate governance report along with a certificate
from the secretarial auditor, confirming compliance for
the year ended 31 March 2026, as required under Listing 
Regulations, is placed in a separate section which forms 
part of this Annual Report.
 The C
ompany continues to strengthen its governance
practices by adopting best-in-class policies and
procedures, with an emphasis on integrity, transparency, 
accountability and responsible business conduct, thereby 
creating long-term value for its stakeholders.
28. BOARD EVALUATION
 In accordance with the provisions of the Act and
Li
sting Regulations, the Board of Directors have carried
out the annual evaluation of its own performance,
the performance of its Committees, and that of
individual Directors.

===== PDF PAGE 65 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
92 93
 During the year, the Company conducted the Board 
ev
aluation exercise for the second time, through an 
external independent agency. The evaluation was carried 
out through a structured and comprehensive process, 
which included circulation of detailed questionnaires and 
evaluation templates covering various aspects such as 
Board composition and structure, effectiveness of Board 
processes, adequacy and timeliness of information flow, 
and overall functioning of the Board.
 The p
erformance of the Committees was evaluated by 
the Board based on inputs received from the respective 
Committee members, taking into account parameters 
such as the composition of Committees, effectiveness 
of meetings, and discharge of roles and responsibilities.
 The e
valuation of individual Directors was carried out 
based on parameters such as participation in Board and 
Committee meetings, contribution to decision-making, 
quality of inputs, domain expertise, and adherence to 
ethical standards.
 The
 entire process was carried out under the supervision 
and guidance of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee. The criteria and methodology adopted for 
the evaluation are in accordance with the Company’s 
policy, which is available on the Company’s website 
Policy for Evaluation of The Performance of The Board 
of Directors
29. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (“CSR”)
 Our CSR philosophy is anchored in an ambitious
vi
sion: to cultivate, support, and scale next-generation
capabilities in biopharmaceuticals and biotechnology,
driving India’s evolution into a global IP powerhouse. We 
focus our partnerships exclusively on leading, tier-1
institutions and innovation hubs capable of driving
global-quality outcomes across three highly strategic,
interconnected pillars: (1) Accelerating Translation
and Commercialization Pathways, (2) Cultivating
Interdisciplinary Academic & Research Excellence, and
(3) Building an Enabling Policy Environment and System-
Level Architecture. In addition, Indegene remains
profoundly committed to immediate community well-
being and inclusive human development. We partner
with highly reputable, structured organizations to
achieve measurable social outcomes across the broader 
healthcare and education spectrum.
 The C
ompany has complied with the provisions of Section 
135 of the Act and all its subsequent amendments. 
The brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy and 
the CSR initiatives undertaken during the year under 
review are set out in Annexure - 6 of this report in the 
format prescribed in the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021.
 For f
urther insights, please refer to the CSR section  of 
this Annual Report.
 For o
ther details regarding CSR Committee, please 
refer Corporate Governance Report, which is a part 
of this Annual Report. The CSR Policy  is available on 
our website.
30.  PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR
INVES
TMENTS
 Pursuant to Section 186 of the Act and Schedule V of
th
e Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time,
disclosure on particulars relating to Loans, Guarantees
and Investments are provided as part of the notes to the 
financial statements provided in this Annual Report.
31.  PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR
ARRANGEMENT
S WITH RELATED PARTY
 The Company has historically adopted the practice
of 
undertaking related party transactions only in the
ordinary and normal course of business and at arm’s
length as part of its philosophy of adhering to highest
ethical standards, transparency, and accountability.
In line with the provisions of the Act and the Listing
Regulations, the Board has approved a policy on
related party transactions. The policy on related party
transactions has been placed on the Company’s website 
at Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transactions
and Dealing with Related Party Transactions
 Pri
or omnibus approval of the Audit Committee and
the Board is obtained for the transactions which are
foreseeable and of a repetitive nature. All related party
transactions are placed on a quarterly basis before the
Audit Committee, and before the Board for review and
approval. All contracts, arrangements and transactions
entered by the Company with related parties during
financial year 2025-26 were in the ordinary course of
business and on an arm’s length basis. There were no
contracts, arrangements or transactions entered during 
financial year 2025-26 that fall under the scope of
Section 188(1) of the Act. Accordingly , the prescribed
Form AOC-2 is not applicable to the Company for the
financial year 2025-26 and hence does not form part of
this report.
 In te
rms of the Listing Regulations, a related party
transaction is considered material if it exceeds or 10%
of the annual consolidated turnover of the Company as
per the last audited financial statements, requiring prior 
approval of the members. During the financial year 2025–
26, none of the related party transactions exceeded the 
prescribed materiality thresholds, consistent with the 
previous financial year.
 The d
etails of certain related party transactions entered 
into during the year are as follows:
1. Info Edge Limit
ed:
 Dur
ing the year, the Company entered into a
recruitment services agreement with Info Edge
Limited, a Company in which Dr. Ashish Gupta,
Independent Director of the Company, serves as
an Independent Director. This transaction qualifies
as a related party transaction under Section 188 of 
the Act, but it is not material as per the provisions
of the Act. The transaction was carried out in the
ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length 
basis, with charges as per the agreed terms. The
transaction was reviewed and approved by the
Audit Committee in accordance with the Company’s 
related party transaction policy.
2. Indian School of Business:
 Mr. 
Neeraj Bharadwaj, Independent Director, is
an Executive Board Member of Indian School of
Business, which provides recruitment services
to the Company. This transaction qualifies as a
related party transaction under Section 188 of the
Act, but is not material. It was carried out in the
ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length 
basis, with charges as per the agreed terms. The
transaction was reviewed and approved by the
Audit Committee in accordance with the Company’s 
related party transaction policy.
 Dur
ing the financial year 2025-26, the Non-
Executive Directors of the Company had no
pecuniary relationship or transactions with the
Company other than sitting fees, commission and
reimbursement of expenses, as applicable.
32.  CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY
ABSORPTION, F
OREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS 
AND OUTGO
 In the context of Indegene‘s sustainability efforts,
co
nservation of energy and technology absorption
are pivotal components of our strategy to enhance
environmental responsibility and operational efficiency.
Conserv
ation of energy
(i) Steps tak
en or impact on conservation of energy:
 The C
ompany has undertaken several energy
conservation measures across its facilities, including 
installation of LED lighting across workspaces, 
sensor-based lighting in meeting rooms and 
cabins, and sensor-based water fixtures to optimise 
resource usage. Energy-efficient VRF HVAC 
systems have been deployed, and server room 
operations have been strengthened through water 
leak detection systems and preventive controls. 
These initiatives have resulted in improved energy 
efficiency and reduced environmental impact.
(ii
)  Steps tak
en by the Company for utilising alternate 
sources of energy:
 The
 Company has enhanced its sourcing of
renewable energy & currently, 67% of the energy
requirements are met through renewable sources in 
our largest delivery center. Additionally, initiatives
such as installation of EV charging infrastructure
support the transition towards cleaner energy usage.
(ii
i)  Capital inv
estment on energy conservation
equipments:
 The 
Company has invested in energy-efficient
infrastructure, including LED lighting systems,
V R F  H V A C  s y s t e m s ,  s e n s o r - b a s e d  fi xt u r e s ,  EV
charging points, and upgraded DG sets with noise-
reduction retrofits, contributing to sustainable
energy management.
Technology absorp
tion
(i)  Eff
orts made towards technology absorption:
 The C
ompany has transitioned towards cloud-
based IT systems, reducing reliance on energy-
intensive on-premise data centres. It continues
to adopt smart technologies and infrastructure
upgrades to enhance operational efficiency.
(ii
)  Benefits derived lik
e product improvement,
cost reduction, product development or import
substitution:
 Adopt
ion of cloud-based systems and smart energy 
solutions has resulted in improved operational
efficiency, optimisation of resource utilisation, cost
savings, and enhanced sustainability performance.
(iii) In c
ase of imported technology (imported during
the last three years):
(a)  Det ails of technology imported: NA
(b) Yea
r of import: NA
(c)
   Whe
ther the technology been fully
absorbed: NA
(d)   If n
ot fully absorbed, areas where absorption
has not taken place, and reasons thereof: NA

===== PDF PAGE 66 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
94 95
(iv)  Expenditure incurred on R esearch and
Development:
 No sp
ecific expenditure on research and
development is reported for the purpose of
this disclosure.
Foreign Ex
change Earnings & Outgo
 The t
otal foreign exchange earnings during the year stood 
at ` 12,01,94,83,328 compared to `  10,74,72,39,708 
in the previous year while the foreign exchange outgo 
(including imports) stood at ` 2,99,39,198 compared to 
` 59,76,52,348 in the previous year.
33. BOARD MEETINGS
 The Board met five times during the financial year under
re
view. The meeting details are provided in the Corporate 
Governance Report that forms part of the Annual Report. 
The maximum interval between any two meetings did
not exceed 120 days, as prescribed by the Act.
34. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
 Pursuant to Section 134(5) of the Act, the Board of
di
rectors, to the best of its knowledge and ability,
confirm that:
i.  in th
e preparation of the annual accounts, the
applicable accounting standards had been
followed along with proper explanation relating to 
material departures;
ii.  the
y have selected such accounting policies and
applied them consistently and made judgments
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent to
give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company at the end of the year and of the profit and 
loss of the Company for that period;
iii
.  the
y have taken proper and sufficient care
towards the maintenance of adequate accounting
records in accordance with the provisions of the
Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company
and for preventing and detecting fraud and
other irregularities.
iv.  the
y have prepared the annual accounts on a going 
concern basis.
v.  the
y have laid down internal financial controls,
to be followed by the Company and that such
internal financial controls are adequate and
operating effectively.
vi.  the
y have devised proper systems to ensure
compliance with the provisions of all applicable
laws, and such systems are adequate and
operating effectively.
35. COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
 The Company has complied with all applicable secretarial 
st
andards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India. For more details, shareholders are advised to
refer to the Secretarial Audit Report annexed to this
report as Annexure - 3 .
36.  COMPLIANCE WITH MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT,
1961
 The Company is compliant with the applicable
pr
ovisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961 and has
policies, systems and processes in place to ensure
ongoing compliance.
37. LISTING ON STOCK EXCHANGES
 The Company’s shares are listed on BSE Limited and the
Na
tional Stock Exchange of India Limited.
38.  INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION
FUND (“IEPF
”)
 During the financial year, the provisions of Sections 124
an
d 125 of the Act, read with the Investor Education
and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit,
Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 (“IEPF Rules”) are not
applicable to the Company.
 As th
e Company was listed on the stock exchanges in the 
year 2024 and declared dividend for the first time during 
the financial year 2024–25, the statutory requirements
relating to transfer of unpaid or unclaimed dividend to
the IEPF are not applicable. Consequently, there was no 
requirement during the year to:
•  Tra
nsfer any unpaid or unclaimed dividend amount 
to the IEPF.
•  Tra
nsfer the underlying shares to the demat account
of the IEPF Authority.
 The C
ompany remains committed to regulatory 
compliance and has been circulating reminders to 
shareholders to claim their outstanding dividend 
amounts, if any, to ensure proper corporate governance.
39.  REVISION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT OR THE
REPOR
T
 The Company has not revised its financial statements or
th
e Board’s report.
40.  FAILURE TO IMPLEMENT ANY CORPORATE
AC
TION
 There were no instances during the financial year 2025-
26 w
here the Company has failed to implement any
corporate action.
4 1 .  BUSINESS RESP ONSIBILITY AND  
SUSTAINABIL TY REPORT (“BRSR”)
 In accordance with Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Listing 
Re
gulations, the BRSR forms part of this Annual Report. 
The report describes initiatives undertaken by the 
Company from an environmental, social and governance 
perspective. Further, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/
CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122 dated July 12, 2023, 
updated the format of BRSR to incorporate BRSR core, 
a subset of BRSR, indicating specific Key Performance 
Indicators (“KPIs”) under nine Environmental, Social, 
and Governance (“ESG”)  attributes, which are subject 
to mandatory reasonable assurance by an independent 
assurance provider. In accordance with this requirement, 
the Company has appointed TÜV SÜD South Asia 
Private Limited as the assurance provider.
 Dem
onstrating our continued commitment to 
responsible and sustainable business practices, the 
Company has complied with the BRSR requirements 
during the financial year 2024-25. The BRSR prepared in 
accordance with the format prescribed by Securities and 
Exchange Board of India, outlines the Company’s ESG 
initiatives and performance for the year under review.
 The 
BRSR forms an integral part of this Annual Report 
and is presented as a separate section. It is also made 
available on the Company’s Investor Relations website 
and can be accessed at: https://ir.indegene.com/en/
investor-relations/ . This proactive disclosure reflects 
Indegene’s dedication to transparency, stakeholder 
engagement, and sustainability-led growth.
42. DIFFERENCE IN VALU ATION:
 The Company has never made any one-time settlement 
aga
inst the loans obtained from banks and financial
institution and hence this clause is not applicable.
43. APPRECIATIONS / A CKNOWLEDGEMENTS
 The Board places on record its sincere appreciation and
gr
atitude for the continued support and co-operation
extended by the Members, customers, supply chain
partners, suppliers, business associates, bankers,
financial institutions, regulators, stock exchanges and
various Central and State Government authorities.
 The 
Board expresses its earnest gratitude to Statutory
Auditors, Secretarial Auditor, Internal Auditors and other 
service providers for their continued support and the
professional services rendered to the Company.
 The
 Board places on record its deep appreciation for the 
dedication, commitment and significant contributions
made by the employees of the Company and its
subsidiaries. Their professionalism and sustained efforts 
have been instrumental in enabling the Company to
maintain its growth trajectory and strengthen its position 
as a leading player in the IT services industry.
By order of the Board of Directors
For Indegene Limited
Sd
/-
Manish Gupta
DIN: 00219273
Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and
Chief Executive Officer
ANNEXURES TO THE BOARD REPORT
S.no. Particulars
Annexure 1 Form AOC-1 - Statement containing the salient features of the financial statements of subsidiaries / associate 
companies / joint ventures
Annexure 2 Particulars of employees under Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014
Annexure 3 Form MR-3 - Secretarial Audit Report
Annexure 4 Certificate on the implementation of share-based schemes in accordance with Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021
Annexure 5 Declaration by Independent Directors and statement on compliance of code of conduct
Annexure 6 Annual report on CSR activities

===== PDF PAGE 67 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
96 97
ANNEXURE-1
FORM NO. AOC.1
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of Subsidiaries/associate companies/joint ventures
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
S. 
No
Name of the Subsidiary Date of 
becoming 
the 
subsidiary/
acquisition
Reporting 
period
Reporting 
Currency
Exchange 
rate as on 
31 March 
2026
 Share 
capital 
 Reserves & 
Surplus 
 Total Assets  Total 
Liabilities 
Investments 
other than 
investments 
in 
Subsidiaries 
% of 
Holding
 Turnover  Profit for 
Taxation 
 Profit after 
taxation 
Proposed 
Dividend 
(incl. 
dividend 
tax) 
1 ILSL Holdings, Inc. (USA)* 19-Oct-04 31-Mar-26 USD 93.85 243 -77,10,017 24,75,37,010 25,52,46,784 - 100 - -1,43,46,500 -1,46,27,545 –
2 Indegene, Inc. (USA)** 23-Aug-05 31-Mar-26 USD 93.85 10 17,04,50,378 31,34,53,175 14,30,02,787 2,92,80,862 100 30,10,95,147 3,34,95,738 2,81,74,035 –
3 Services Indegene Aptilon 
Inc. (Canada)**
11-Dec-12 31-Mar-26 CAD 67.36 - - - - - 100 40,67,272 2,30,198 1,68,045 –
4 DT Associates Research 
and Consulting Services 
Limited (UK)**
27-Aug-19 31-Mar-26 GBP 124.03 3 -22,68,664 17,39,854 40,08,515 - 100 63,09,295 -2,02,147 -2,02,147 –
5 DT Associates Research 
and Consulting, Inc. 
(USA)**
16-Jul-21 31-Mar-26 USD 93.85 100 -8,04,933 13,34,635 21,39,468 - 100 19,53,711 -10,78,516 -10,78,516 –
6 Cult Health, LLC (USA)** 12-Oct-22 31-Mar-26 USD 93.85 - 1,31,87,876 1,96,21,380 64,33,504 87,98,229 100 2,73,07,329 -27,14,937 -27,14,937 –
7 Indegene Godo Kaisha, 
Japan LLC (Japan)*
06-Sep-20 31-Mar-26 JPY 0.59 13,40,00,000 37,64,900 15,82,28,499 2,04,63,599 - 100 22,31,99,503 3,27,31,822 4,05,01,822 –
8 Indegene Healthcare 
Mexico S DE RL DE CV 
(Mexico)*
31-Mar-23 31-Mar-26 MXN 5.21 - -2,90,572 2,23,748 5,14,320 - 100 8,36,047 -4,33,653 -3,03,553 –
9 Indegene Ireland Limited 
(Ireland)*
14-Jun-19 31-Mar-26 EUR 107.97 10,336 3,97,18,690 4,57,56,481 60,27,455 25,24,178 100 9,52,682 -5,66,372 -5,82,372 –
10 Indegene Healthcare 
Germany GmbH 
(Germany)**
29-Sep-22 31-Mar-26 EUR 107.97 25,000 2,24,181 6,32,094 3,82,913 - 100 31,03,661 1,75,906 1,19,770 –
11 Indegene Fareast Pte Ltd 
(Singapore)**
08-Jan-05 31-Mar-26 SGD 72.81 1,50,000 -73,655 3,19,971 2,43,626 - 100 7,05,565 39,938 37,533 –
12 Indegene Europe LLC 
(Switzerland)** 
31-Mar-23 31-Mar-26 CHF 117.33 50,000 3,01,656 5,10,475 1,58,819 - 100 12,79,497 72,424 58,224 –
13 Indegene Lifesystems 
Consulting (Shanghai) Co. 
Ltd. (China)**
02-Dec-11 31-Mar-26 CNY 13.59 3,23,23,929 -4,33,53,125 1,41,92,746 2,52,21,941 - 100 3,33,28,346 9,85,606 9,85,606 –
14 Indegene Healthcare UK 
Limited (UK)**
07-Dec-23 31-Mar-26 GBP 124.03 35,32,023 5,92,916 48,21,109 6,96,170 - 100 73,62,628 4,45,663 5,13,723 –
15 Trilogy Writing & 
Consulting GmbH 
(Germany)**
22-Mar-24 31-Mar-26 EUR 107.97 34,100 30,97,799 1,41,15,269 1,09,83,370 - 100 1,50,84,159 37,48,599 25,57,307 –
S. 
No
Name of the Subsidiary Date of 
becoming 
the 
subsidiary/
acquisition
Reporting 
period
Reporting 
Currency
Exchange 
rate as on 
31 March 
2026
 Share 
capital 
 Reserves & 
Surplus 
 Total Assets  Total 
Liabilities 
Investments 
other than 
investments 
in 
Subsidiaries 
% of 
Holding
 Turnover  Profit for 
Taxation 
 Profit after 
taxation 
Proposed 
Dividend 
(incl. 
dividend 
tax) 
16 Trilogy Writing & 
Consulting Limited (UK)**
22-Mar-24 31-Mar-26 GBP 124.03 1 1,28,134 17,64,256 16,36,121 - 100 20,43,272 45,900 50,158 –
17 Trilogy Writing & 
Consulting Inc. (USA)**
22-Mar-24 31-Mar-26 USD 93.85 1,000  39,55,201 1,35,61,424 96,05,223 14,08,329 100 1,29,26,291 5,46,067 5,85,278 –
18 Trilogy Writing & 
Consulting ULC 
(Canada)**
22-Mar-24 31-Mar-26 CAD 67.36 - - - - - 100 14,44,682 1,09,310 3,12,453 –
19 Indegene Spain, S.L.U** 12-Nov-24 31-Mar-26 EUR 107.97 3,000 12,359 1,92,575 1,77,216 - 100 2,18,344 12,359 12,359 –
20 MJL Communications  
Group Ltd**
25-Mar-25 31-Mar
-26 GBP 124.03 31,250 6,72,000 7,03,250 - - 100 - - - –
21 MJL Advertising Limited** 25-Mar-25 31-Mar-26 GBP 124.03 1,56,250 6,09,100 15,30,322 7,64,972 - 100 19,13,940 -1,16,126 -1,16,126 –
22 Biopharm Parent Holding 
Inc.**
01-Oct-25 31-Mar-26 USD 93.85 2,08,541 - 2,08,541 - - 100 - - - –
23 Biopharm 
Communications, LLC**
01-Oct-25 31-Mar-26 USD 93.85 1,89,583  81,02,503 2,20,57,232 1,37,65,146 - 100 1,95,40,526 51,87,258 51,87,258 –
24 Addressable Health LLC** 01-Oct-25 31-Mar-26 USD 93.85 18,958 2,27,287 48,20,344 45,74,099 - 100 29,47,220 7,02,267 7,02,267 –
25 Cake Kommunikations 
GmbH (AT)**
30-Jan-26 31-Mar-26 EUR 107.97 35,000 10,54,148 21,05,297 10,16,149 - 100 4,63,231 -6,479 -2,170 –
26 Cake Kommunikations AG 
(Switzerland)**
30-Jan-26 31-Mar-26 CHF 117.33 1,00,086 2,33,069 6,12,944 2,79,789 - 100 2,03,938 89,513 78,668 –
27 Cake Kommunikations 
GmbH (DE)**
30-Jan-26 31-Mar-26 EUR 107.97 25,000 1,12,641 4,93,869 3,56,228 - 100 1,55,900 513 -10,482 –
28 Cake Kommunikations 
Holdings GmbH**
30-Jan-26 31-Mar-26 EUR 107.97 10,000 1,80,539 2,10,367 19,828 - 100 - -3,924 -4,049 –
29 Warn & Co Limited** 16-Oct-25 31-Mar-26 GBP 124.03 100 18,83,496 23,63,291 4,79,695 - 100 12,14,373 63,816 38,856 –
30 Indegene Healthcare 
Canada, Inc**
01-Jan-26 31-Mar-26 CAD 67.36 100 25,35,245 41,11,866 15,76,521 - 100 22,89,734 1,33,264 -1,28,637 –
Notes
• * den
otes direct subsidiary
• ** de
notes step down subsidiary
• Tri
logy Writing & Consulting ULC (Canada) and Services Indegene Aptilon Inc. (Canada) have been merged with Indegene Healthcare Canada Inc.
By order of the Board of Directors
for Indegene Limited
Manish Gupta
DIN: 00219273
Chairman, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

===== PDF PAGE 68 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
98 99
ANNEXURE-2
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
1. (A)  Details o f the Remuneration as required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
 The 
percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary during the Financial Year 2025-26, ratio of 
the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the Financial Year 2025-26 and the comparison of 
remuneration of each Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP”) against the performance of the Company are as follows:
Name
Designation Director
Identification
Number (DIN)
% increase of
remuneration
in FY 2025-26
as compared to 
FY 2024-25
Ratio to median
Remuneration
No. of RSUs 
granted in 
FY 2025-26
No. of ESOPs 
granted
in FY 2025-26
Executive Directors
Mr. Manish Gupta Chairman, Executive 
Director and Chief 
Executive Officer
00219273 -0.25% 30.30 Nil Nil
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Executive Director 00219278 -5.93% 18.20 Nil Nil
Ms. Srishti Ramesh Kaushik Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer
NA -2.54% 24.27 799 920
Mr. Suhas Prabhu Chief Financial Officer NA +9.85% 5.82 40565 Nil
Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Non- executive Director 00219269 NA NA Nil Nil
Mr. Mark Dzialga Non- executive Nominee 
Director
00955485 NA NA Nil Nil
Independent Directors
Dr. Ashish Gupta Non-Executive 
Independent Director
00521511 7.81% 8.38 Nil Nil
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare Non-Executive 
Independent Director
00159886 14.29% 4.53 Nil Nil
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya 
Rao
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
06782450 15.15% 4.61 Nil Nil
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala 
Tenneti
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
01338477 15.31% 4.57 Nil Nil
Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou 
Papathomas
Non-Executive 
Independent Director
09734940 8.47% 8.29 Nil Nil
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj* Non-Executive 
Independent Director
01314963 Not comparable 8.09 Nil Nil
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone** Non-Executive 
Independent Director
11483134 Not comparable 8.13 Nil Nil
 * Mr . Neeraj Bharadwaj was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company with effect from 23 January 2026 - Percentage increase in remuneration is not reported
as Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj was not paid any remuneration during financial year 2024-25 and 2025-26.
 ** M
s. Jill Mary De Simone was appointed as an Additional Director (Non-Executive, Independent) of the Company with effect from 22 January 2026 - Percentage increase 
in remuneration is not reported as Ms. Jill Mary De Simone was not paid any remuneration during financial year 2024-25 and 2025-26.
Notes:
•  In li
ne with the internal guidelines of the Company, Non-Executive Directors did not receive any remuneration for their
services rendered to the Company.
•  The r
emuneration paid to Independent Directors includes commission, and sitting fees for various committee meetings
and board meetings attended by them during the financial year 2025-26.
•  The % i
ncrease of remuneration is provided only for those directors and KMP who have drawn remuneration from the
Company for full Financial Year 2025-26 and full Financial Year 2024-25. The ratio of remuneration to median remuneration
is provided only for those directors and KMP who have drawn remuneration from the Company for the full Financial Year
2025-26.
•
 The d
etails in the above table are on accrual basis.
(B) A break-up o
f median remuneration for employees is given below:
Employee Group Median Remuneration Increase In Median Remuneration (%)
Full time Employees ` 12,35,935/- 7.47%
2. The number of permanent emplo
yees on the rolls of the company as on 31 March 2026 is 4679.
3.  Aver
age percentiles increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the
last financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification
thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:
 Ave
rage percentage increase in salary of the Company’s employees was at 8.8% during the merit cycle of 2026. Increase 
in managerial remuneration is already shown in the data presented above. KMP salary increases are decided based on the 
Company’s performance, individual performance, prevailing industry trends and benchmarks.
4.
Af
firmation
 It i
s hereby affirmed that remuneration paid for financial year 2025-26 was according to the Company’s Policy on Director’s
Appointment and Remuneration.
By order of the Board of Directors
For Indegene Limited
Sd/-
Manish Gupta
DIN: 00219273
Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and
Chief Executive Officer

===== PDF PAGE 69 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
100 101
To,
The Members,
INDEGENE LIMITED
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by INDEGENE LIMITED  (hereinafter 
called the Company). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a 
manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the 
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our 
opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, 
minute books, forms and returns filed and other records 
maintained by the Company and also the information 
provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized 
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, We 
hereby report that in our opinion, the company has, during the 
audit period covering the financial year ended on 31 March 
2026 complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder 
and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and 
compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner 
and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms 
and returns filed and other records maintained by INDEGENE 
LIMITED for the financial year ended on 31 March 2026 
according to the provisions of:
(i)
The
 Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules
made thereunder;
(ii) The 
Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’)
and the rules made thereunder;
(iii) The 
Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and
Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv) For
eign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the
rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of
Foreign Direct Investment , Overseas Direct Investment
and External Commercial Borrowings ;
(v) The
 Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the
Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI
Act’) viz.:-
(a)  The 
Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)
Regulations, 2011;
(b) The 
Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations,
1992/ SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading)
Regulations, 2015;
(c) The 
Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2009;
(d) The 
Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Employee Stock Option Scheme and Employee
Stock Purchase Scheme) Guidelines, 1999/ SEBI
(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014;
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue
and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents)
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act
and dealing with client;
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; and
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 1998;
(i) SEB I (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(vi) and o
ther applicable laws.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable 
clauses of the following:
(i)  Sec
retarial Standards issued by The Institute of
Company Secretaries of India.
(ii
)  The 
Listing Agreements entered into by the
Company with Stock Exchange.
During the period under review the Company has complied 
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, 
Standards, etc. mentioned above except to the extent as 
mentioned below:
1.
Dur
ing the period under review, on 20 February 2026,
the Company allotted 1,966 Equity Shares to Mr. Sudhir 
N. Bhatt, a non-resident employee of the Company,
under the Indegene Limited Restricted Stock Unit
Plan (“RSU 2020 / Plan”). However, due to a delay in
ANNEXURE-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON 31ST MARCH 2026
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
completion of the requisite documentation, the exercise 
amount of USD 43.42 remitted by Mr. Sudhir N. Bhatt 
on 13 February 2026 got credited to the Company’s 
account on 11 March 2026, which was subsequent to 
the date of allotment. Hence, this allotment constitutes 
an unintended deviation from the spirit of the provisions 
of Section 39 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999, and the applicable 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(SEBI), which require the Company to allot shares after 
receipt of funds.
2.
The
 Company has not filed Form ADT-1 for the
incumbent Auditor, Deloitte Haskins & Sells. This is
due to an incorrect date mentioned in the Form ADT-1
filed for the erstwhile Auditor. The previous Form ADT-
1, vide SRN: T73514663 dated 21 January 2022, was
filed inadvertently by mentioning the wrong end date 
under “Period of accounts for which appointed” as 
22 December 2025 instead of 31 March 2025, which 
corresponds to the end of the financial year 2024–25. 
As a result of the incorrect date stated in the previously 
filed Form ADT-1, the Company is unable to file a new 
Form ADT-1 for the appointment of the incumbent 
statutory auditor. As represented by the Company, the 
Board passed a circular resolution on 21 August 2025 
approving an application to the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs for cancellation of the said Form ADT-1 (SRN: 
T73514663), and the Company made an application to 
the Registrar of Companies, Bangalore, by filing Form 
GNL-1 (vide SRN: AC1053605) on 7 January 2026. As 
on the reporting date, the said Registrar is yet to take the 
necessary action.
3.
Fol
lowing forms are filed beyond original due dates:
Sl 
No.
SRN Form 
No.
Description Event date Original due 
date
Filing date
1 AB5274479 BEN-2 Return to the Registrar 
in respect of declaration 
under section 90
29 May 2025 28 June 2025 3 July 2025
2 AC2157641 DIR-12 Particulars of appointment 
of directors and the key 
managerial personnel and 
the changes among them
22 January 2026 21 February 2026 25 February 2026
3 AB9115460 MGT-6 Return to the Registrar in 
respect of declaration
under section 89 received 
by the company
15 September 
2025
15 October 2025 28 November 
2025
4 AB8468055 MGT-6 Return to the Registrar in 
respect of declaration
under section 89 received 
by the company
21 September 
2025
21 October 2025 28 October 2025
5 AB9118467 MGT-6 Return to the Registrar in 
respect of declaration
under section 89 received 
by the company
30 September 
2025
30 October 2025 28 November 
2025
6 AB9124794 MGT-6 Return to the Registrar in 
respect of declaration
under section 89 received 
by the company
30 September 
2025
30 October 2025 28 November 
2025
7 AB9139338 MGT-6 Return to the Registrar in 
respect of declaration
under section 89 received 
by the company
14 October 2025 13 November 
2025
28 November 
2025
We further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, 
and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the audit period 
were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations.

===== PDF PAGE 70 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
102 103
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the 
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were 
sent at least seven days in advance except in certain cases 
where notices were issued with less than 7 days prior to 
meeting. In such cases, consent of board of directors including 
independent directors is obtained as per Para 1.3.7 and 
1.3.11 of Secretarial Standards -1 read with their respective 
guidance note issued by ICSI. A system exists for seeking and 
obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda 
items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at 
the meeting.
All decisions at Board meetings and Committee meetings 
are carried out unanimously as recorded in the minutes of 
the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committees of the 
Board, as the case may be.
We further report that there are adequate systems and 
processes in the company commensurate with the size and 
operations of the company to monitor and ensure compliance 
with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
Sd
/-
Nam
e of the Company Secretary in practice: Madhwesh K
ACS N
o. A21477
C P No.
: 10897
UDI
N: A021477H000725488
Dat
e: 01 July 2026
Pla
ce: Bangalore
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure 1 and forms an integral part of this report.
‘Annexure -1’
To,
The Members
INDEGENE LIMITED
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1.
Mai
ntenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We ha
ve followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the
correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts
are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.
3.
We hav
e not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Whe
re ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations 
and happening of events etc.
5. The 
compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility
of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The 
Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
Sd
/-
Nam
e of the Company Secretary in practice: Madhwesh K
ACS N
o. A21477
C P No.
: 10897
UDI
N: A021477H000725488
Dat
e: 01 July 2026
Pla
ce: Bangalore

===== PDF PAGE 71 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
104 105
BOARD’S RESPONSE TO SECRETARIAL AUDITOR’S EMPHASIS, OBSERVATIONS AND QUALIFICATIONS
To
The Members
Indegene Limited
Observations by secretarial auditor Directors’ response
During the period under review, on 20 February 2026, the 
Company allotted 1,966 Equity Shares to Mr. Sudhir N. 
Bhatt, a non-resident employee of the Company, under the 
Indegene Limited Restricted Stock Unit Plan (“RSU 2020 /
Plan”). However, due to a delay in completion of the requisite 
documentation, the exercise amount of USD 43.42 remitted 
by Mr. Sudhir N. Bhatt on 13 February 2026 got credited 
to the Company’s account on 11 March 2026, which was 
subsequent to the date of allotment. Hence, this allotment 
constitutes an unintended deviation from the spirit of the 
provisions of Section 39 of the Companies Act, 2013, the 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, and the applicable 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(SEBI), which require the Company to allot shares after receipt 
of funds.
The company has decided to regularize this unintended 
deviation and to maintain the highest standards of corporate 
governance, it has decided to voluntarily approach the 
respective regulatory authorities to seek adjudication, 
compounding and settlement with the said authorities.
The Company considered the matter at its Board Meeting 
held on 29 April 2026, wherein the Board of Directors 
passed a resolution approving the filing of the necessary 
applications with the relevant authorities to regularise the 
deviation through the adjudication, compounding, and 
settlement processes, as applicable.
The Company has not filed Form ADT-1 for the incumbent 
Auditor, Deloitte Haskins & Sells. This is due to an incorrect 
date mentioned in the Form ADT-1 filed for the erstwhile 
Auditor. The previous Form ADT-1, vide SRN: T73514663 
dated 21 January 2022, was inadvertently filed by mentioning 
the wrong end date under “Period of accounts for which 
appointed” as 22 December 2025 instead of 31 March 2025, 
which corresponds to the end of the financial year 2024–25. 
As a result of the incorrect date stated in the previously filed 
Form ADT-1, the Company is unable to file a new Form ADT-
1 for the appointment of the incumbent statutory auditor. As 
represented by the Company, the Board passed a circular 
resolution on 21 August 2025 approving an application to 
the Ministry of Corporate Affairs for cancellation of the said 
Form ADT-1 (SRN: T73514663), and the Company made an 
application to the Registrar of Companies, Bangalore, by filing 
Form GNL-1 (vide SRN: AC1053605) on 7 January 2026. 
As on the reporting date, the said Registrar is yet to take the 
necessary action.
The company has been repeatedly following up with the 
ROC office to ensure completion at the earliest.
Delay in MCA filings This is due to technical issues with MCA website.
By order of the Board of Directors
For Indegene Limited
Sd/-
Manish Gupta
DIN: 00219273
Chairman, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
ANNEXURE - 4
To, 
The Board of Directors
Indegene Limited
Aspen Block G4, 3
rd Floor
Manyata Embassy Business Park
Outer Ring Road, Nagawara
Bengaluru – 560 045
Karnataka, India
Re: Certificate on compliance of ESOP Plan and RSU Plan with the Securities and Exchange  
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021
Dear Sir/Madam,
1.
 I, M
adhwesh K, Practicing Company Secretary (Membership Number A21477 and Certificate of Practice Number 10897)
am issuing this certificate to Indegene Limited (the “Company”) in relation to the “Indegene Limited Employee Stock Option
Plan 2020”, as amended (“ESOP Plan”) and the “Indegene Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2020”, as amended (“RSU
Plan”) and together with the ESOP Plan, the (“ Plans”) of the Company. The purpose of this certificate is to determine
whether the Plans are framed, implemented, and accounted in compliance with the requirements of the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (the “ SEBI SBEBSE
Regulations”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2018, as amended (the “SEBI ICDR Regulations ”), as applicable and the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the “Act”)
and the rules framed thereunder (the “ Rules”), each as amended, and the resolutions approving the ESOP Plan and RSU
Plan adopted by the shareholders of the Company.
2.  The C
ompany issued and amended the ESOP Plan approved through resolutions dated 29 th October 2020, and 23 rd
N
ovember, 2022 passed by the Board (“ESOP Board Resolutions ”) and special resolutions passed by the shareholders
(“ESOP Shareholders’ Resolutions ”) in their extra-ordinary general meetings (“ EGM”) dated 13th November 2020, and
28th November, 2022 under Section 62(1) of the Act. The Company issued and amended the RSU Plan approved through
resolutions dated 29 th October 2020, and 23 rd November, 2022 passed by the Board (“ RSU Board Resolutions” ) and
special resolutions passed by the shareholders (“ RSU Shareholders’ Resolutions ”) in their EGM dated 13 th November
2020 under Section 62(1) of the Act, and 28 th November, 2022. The Plans are each prepared in accordance with the
requirements of the SEBI SBEBSE Regulations.
MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY
3.  The management of the Company is responsible for the preparation and maintenance of all secretarial and other relevant 
re
cords and documents with respect to the Plans. This responsibility includes design, implementation and maintenance
of internal control relevant for such purpose and applying an appropriate basis of preparation; and making estimates that 
are reasonable in the circumstances.
4.
 The m
anagement is also responsible for the implementation of the Plans in accordance with the provisions of the
SEBI SBEBSE Regulations and the Board Resolution, Shareholders’ Resolution, and for ensuring compliance with the
requirements of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Act and the Rules, and for providing all relevant information to the SEBI and
Stock Exchanges.

===== PDF PAGE 72 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
106 107
OUR RESPONSIBILITY
5.  It is our responsibility to express reasonable assurance in the form of an opinion that the Plans have been framed,
im
plemented, accounted and are in full compliance, as on the date of this certificate in compliance with:
a. the p
rovisions of SEBI SBEBSE Regulations, to the extent applicable;
b. the Ac
t and the Rules;
c. the E
SOP Board Resolutions;
d. the E
SOP Shareholders’ Resolutions;
e. the R
SU Board Resolutions;
f. the R
SU Shareholders’ Resolutions.
CONCLUSION
6.  Based on the procedures performed, evidences obtained and the information and explanations provided to us, along with
re
presentations provided by the management, in our opinion the Plans have been framed, implemented, accounted and
are in full compliance, as on the date of this certificate in compliance with, as applicable:
a. the p
rovisions of the SEBI SBEBSE Regulations, to the extent applicable;
b. the Ac
t and the Rules;
c. the E
SOP Board Resolutions;
d. the E
SOP Shareholders’ Resolutions;
e. the R
SU Board Resolutions;
f. the R
SU Shareholders’ Resolutions.
Name: Madhwesh K,
Practicing Company Secretary
ICSI Membership No.: A21477
Date: 01-07-2026 ICS
I Certificate of Practice No.: 10897
Place: Bangalore  UDI
N: A021477H000725378
ANNEXURE - 5
Date: 01 April, 2026
To
The Board of Directors
Indegene Limited
Bengaluru
Dear Sirs,
Declaration u/s 149 (7) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
I,   Dr. Ashish Gupta, Independent director of the Company hereby declare that I meet the criteria of independence as provided 
in 
sub-section 149 (6) of Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder & Regulation 16(1)(b) of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and accordingly declare 
that:-
a) I am a pe
rson of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience.
b)  I am 
/ was not a promoter of the company or its holding, subsidiary or associate company or member of promoter
group of the listed entity;
c) I am no
t related to promoters or directors in the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company;
d)  I hav
e/ had no material pecuniary relationship, other than remuneration as such director or with the company, its
holding, subsidiary or associate company, or their promoters, or directors, during the three immediately preceding
financial years or during the current financial year;
e) Non
e of any of my relatives:-
i.  is ho
lding securities of or interest in the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company during the
three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year of face value in excess of fifty
lakh rupees or two percent of the paid-up capital of the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company, 
respectively, or such higher sum as may be specified;
ii.  is in
debted to the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, in
excess of such amount as may be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the
current financial year;
iii
.  had gi
ven a guarantee or provided any security in connection with the indebtedness of any third person to the
listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, for such amount as may
be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year; or
iv.  has an
y other pecuniary transaction or relationship with the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding or associate 
company amounting to two percent or more of its gross turnover or total income:
 In a
ny case, points (i) to (iv) combined shall not exceed 2% or more of its gross turnover/ total income/ ` 50 lakhs/ 
higher amount – whichever is less.
f) I, ne
ither by myself nor any of my relatives:-
•  hol
ds or has held the position of a key managerial personnel or is or has been employee of the company or
its holding, subsidiary or associate company or any company belonging to the promoter group in any of the
immediately preceding three financial years;
•  is o
r has been an employee or proprietor or a partner, in any of the immediately preceding three financial years,
of—
i.  a fir
m of auditors or company secretaries in practice or cost auditors of the company or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company; or

===== PDF PAGE 73 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
108 109
ii.  any legal or a consulting firm that has or had any transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary or
associate company amounting to ten per cent. or more of the gross turnover of such firm;
• hol
ds together with relatives two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company; or
•  is a 
Chief Executive or director, by whatever name called, of any non-profit organization that receives twenty-
five percent or more of its receipts from the company, any of its promoters, directors or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company or that holds two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company.
g) I am no
t a material supplier, service provider or customer or a lessor or lessee of the Company.
h) My ag
e is above 21 years.
i)  I am 
not a non-independent Director of another company on the Board of which any non-independent Director of a
listed entity is an independent Director.
j)  I hav
e read all the provisions of the Code for Independent Directors (“Code”) as provided in schedule IV of the
Companies Act, 2013 and undertake to comply with all the provisions of the Code during my membership of the
Board and/or any of its Committees.  
k)  I hav
e/shall applied/apply online to the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar for inclusion of my name in
the data bank of Independent Directors for a period of one year/ five years/for my life-time, and shall from time to
time take steps as specified in sub-rule (2) of Rule 6 of The Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors)
Rules, 2014, till I continue to hold the office of an independent director in the Company.
Or
I have p
aid life fee for inclusion of his name in the data bank.
l)  I sh
all meet the criteria of independence as provided in clause (b) of sub-regulation (1) of regulation 16 of SEBI (Listing
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and I assure to intimate the Board whenever there is
any change in the circumstances which may affect my status as an independent director.
m)  I am 
not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or
impact my ability to discharge my duties with an objective independent judgment and without any external influence.
I her
eby further declare that I am independent of the Management of the Company.
Declaration
I undertake that I shall seek prior approval of the Board if and when I have any such relationship / transactions, whether material 
or non-material. If I fail to do so I shall cease to be an independent director from the date of entering in to such relationship 
/ transactions.
Further, I do hereby declare and confirm that the above said information’s are true and correct to the best of my knowledge as 
on the date of this declaration of independence and I shall take responsibility for its correctness and shall be liable for fine if any 
imposed on the Company, its directors, if the same found wrong or incorrect in future.
I further undertake to intimate immediately upon changes, if any, to the Company for updating of the same.
I also undertake to abide by the Code of Conduct prescribed in Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013.
Thank you,
Yours faithfully,
Sd/-
Dr. Ashish Gupta
DIN: 00521511
Date: 31 March 2026
To
The Board of Directors
Indegene Limited
Bengaluru
Dear Sirs,
Declaration u/s 149 (7) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
I,  Jairaj Manohar Purandare, Independent director of the Company hereby declare that I meet the criteria of independence 
as 
provided in sub-section 149 (6) of Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder & Regulation 16(1)(b) 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and 
accordingly declare that:-
a. I am a pe
rson of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience.
b.  I am / wa
s not a promoter of the company or its holding, subsidiary or associate company or member of promoter
group of the listed entity;
c. I am no
t related to promoters or directors in the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company;
d.  I have
/ had no material pecuniary relationship, other than remuneration as such director or with the company, its
holding, subsidiary or associate company, or their promoters, or directors, during the three immediately preceding
financial years or during the current financial year;
e. Non
e of any of my relatives:-
i.  is ho
lding securities of or interest in the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company during the
three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year of face value in excess of fifty
lakh rupees or two percent of the paid-up capital of the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company, 
respectively, or such higher sum as may be specified;
ii.  is in
debted to the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, in
excess of such amount as may be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the
current financial year;
iii
.  had gi
ven a guarantee or provided any security in connection with the indebtedness of any third person to the
listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, for such amount as may
be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year; or
iv.  has an
y other pecuniary transaction or relationship with the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding or associate 
company amounting to two percent or more of its gross turnover or total income:
  In a
ny case, points (i) to (iv) combined shall not exceed 2% or more of its gross turnover/ total income/ ` 50 lakhs/ higher 
amount – whichever is less.
f. I, ne
ither by myself nor any of my relatives: -
 •  hol
ds or has held the position of a key managerial personnel or is or has been employee of the company or
its holding, subsidiary or associate company or any company belonging to the promoter group in any of the
immediately preceding three financial years;
•  is o
r has been an employee or proprietor or a partner, in any of the immediately preceding three financial years
of—
i.  a fir
m of auditors or company secretaries in practice or cost auditors of the company or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company; or

===== PDF PAGE 74 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
110 111
ii.  any legal or a consulting firm that has or had any transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate
company amounting to ten per cent. or more of the gross turnover of such firm;
• hol
ds together with relatives two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company; or
•  is a 
Chief Executive or director, by whatever name called, of any non-profit organization that receives
twenty-five percent or more of its receipts from the company, any of its promoters, directors or its holding,
subsidiary or associate company or that holds two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company.
g. I am no
t a material supplier, service provider or customer or a lessor or lessee of the Company.
h. My ag
e is above 21 years.
i.  I am 
not a non-independent Director of another company on the Board of which any non-independent Director of a
listed entity is an independent Director.
j.  I hav
e read all the provisions of the Code for Independent Directors (“Code”) as provided in schedule IV of the
Companies Act, 2013 and undertake to comply with all the provisions of the Code during my membership of the
Board and/or any of its Committees.  
k.  I have
/shall applied/apply online to the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar for inclusion of my name in
the data bank of Independent Directors for a period of one year/ five years/for my life-time, and shall from time to
time take steps as specified in sub-rule (2) of Rule 6 of The Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors)
Rules, 2014, till I continue to hold the office of an independent director in the Company.
Or
I have p
aid life fee for inclusion of his name in the data bank.
l.  I sh
all meet the criteria of independence as provided in clause (b) of sub-regulation (1) of regulation 16 of SEBI (Listing
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and I assure to intimate the Board whenever there is
any change in the circumstances which may affect my status as an independent director.
m.  I am 
not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or
impact my ability to discharge my duties with an objective independent judgment and without any external influence.
I her
eby further declare that I am independent of the Management of the Company.
Declaration
I undertake that I shall seek prior approval of the Board if and when I have any such relationship / transactions, whether material 
or non-material. If I fail to do so I shall cease to be an independent director from the date of entering into such relationship 
/ transactions.
Further, I do hereby declare and confirm that the above said information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge as on 
the date of this declaration of independence and I shall take responsibility for its correctness and shall be liable for fine if any 
imposed on the Company, its directors, if the same found wrong or incorrect in future.
I further undertake to intimate immediately upon changes, if any, to the Company to update their records.
I also undertake to abide by the Code of Conduct prescribed in Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013.
Thank you,
Yours faithfully,
Sd/-
Jairaj Manohar Purandare
DIN: 00159886
Date: 07 April 2026
To
The Board of Directors
Indegene Limited
Bengaluru
Dear Sirs,
Declaration u/s 149 (7) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
I.  Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao, Independent Director of the Company hereby declare that I meet the criteria of independence
as 
provided in sub-section 149 (6) of Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder & Regulation 16(1)(b)
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and
accordingly declare that:-
a) I am a pe
rson of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience.
b)  I  am 
/ was not a promoter of the company or its holding, subsidiary or associate company or member of promoter
group of the listed entity;
c) I am no
t related to promoters or directors in the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company;
d)  I hav
e/ had no material pecuniary relationship, other than remuneration as such director or with the company, its
holding, subsidiary or associate company, or their promoters, or directors, during the three immediately preceding
financial years or during the current financial year;
e) Non
e of any of my relatives:-
i.  is ho
lding securities of or interest in the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company during the
three  immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year of face value in excess of fifty
lakh rupees or two percent of the paid-up capital of the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company, 
respectively, or such higher sum as may be specified;
ii.  is in
debted to the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, in
excess of such amount as may be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the
current financial year;
iii
.  had gi
ven a guarantee or provided any security in connection with the indebtedness of any third person to the
listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, for such amount as may
be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year; or
iv.  has an
y other pecuniary transaction or relationship with the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding or associate 
company amounting to two percent or more of its gross turnover or total income:
 In a
ny case, points (i) to (iv) combined shall not exceed 2% or more of its gross turnover/ total income/ ` 50 lakhs/ 
higher amount – whichever is less.
f) I, ne
ither by myself nor any of my relatives: -
•  hol
ds or has held the position of a key managerial personnel or is or has been employee of the company or
its holding, subsidiary or associate company or any company belonging to the promoter group in any of the
immediately preceding three financial years;
•  is or has been an employee or proprietor or a partner, in any of the immediately preceding three financial years of—
i.  a fir m of auditors or company secretaries in practice or cost auditors of the company or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company; or
ii.  any 
legal or a consulting firm that has or had any transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary or
associate company amounting to ten per cent. or more of the gross turnover of such firm;

===== PDF PAGE 75 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
112 113
• hol ds together with relatives two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company; or
•  is a 
Chief Executive or director, by whatever name called, of any non-profit organization that receives twenty-
five percent or more of its receipts from the company, any of its promoters, directors or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company or that holds two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company.
g) I am no
t a material supplier, service provider or customer or a lessor or lessee of the Company.
h) My ag
e is above 21 years.
i)  I am 
not a non-independent Director of another company on the Board of which any non-independent Director of a
listed entity is an independent Director.
j)  I hav
e read all the provisions of the Code for Independent Directors (“Code”) as provided in schedule IV of the
Companies Act, 2013 and undertake to comply with all the provisions of the Code during my membership of the
Board and/or any of its Committees.  
k)  I hav
e/shall applied/apply online to the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar for inclusion of my name in
the data bank of Independent Directors for a period of one year/ five years/for my life-time, and shall from time to
time take steps as specified in sub-rule (2) of Rule 6 of The Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors)
Rules, 2014, till I continue to hold the office of an independent director in the Company.
Or
I have p
aid life fee for inclusion of his name in the data bank.
l)  I sh
all meet the criteria of independence as provided in clause (b) of sub-regulation (1) of regulation 16 of SEBI (Listing
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and I assure to intimate the Board whenever there is
any change in the circumstances which may affect my status as an independent director.
m)  I am 
not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or
impact my ability to discharge my duties with an objective independent judgment and without any external influence.
I her
eby further declare that I am independent of the Management of the Company.
Declaration
I undertake that I shall seek prior approval of the Board if and when I have any such relationship / transactions, whether material 
or non-material. If I fail to do so I shall cease to be an independent director from the date of entering in to such relationship 
/ transactions.
Further, I do hereby declare and confirm that the above said information’s are true and correct to the best of my knowledge as 
on the date of this declaration of independence and I shall take responsibility for its correctness and shall be liable for fine if any 
imposed on the Company, its directors, if the same found wrong or incorrect in future.
I further undertake to intimate immediately upon changes, if any, to the Company for updating of the same.
I also undertake to abide by the Code of Conduct prescribed in Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013.
Thank you,
Yours faithfully,
Sd/-
Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao
DIN: 06782450
Date: 29 April, 2026
To
The Board of Directors
Indegene Limited
Bengaluru
Dear Sirs,
Declaration u/s 149 (7) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
I,   Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti, Independent director of the Company hereby declare that I meet the criteria of 
in
dependence as provided in sub-section 149 (6) of Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder & Regulation 
16(1)(b) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
and accordingly declare that:-
a) I am a pe
rson of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience.
b)  I am 
/ was not a promoter of the company or its holding, subsidiary or associate company or member of promoter
group of the listed entity;
c) I am no
t related to promoters or directors in the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company;
d)  I hav
e/ had no material pecuniary relationship, other than remuneration as such director or with the company, its
holding, subsidiary or associate company, or their promoters, or directors, during the three immediately preceding
financial years or during the current financial year;
e) Non
e of any of my relatives:-
i.  is ho
lding securities of or interest in the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company during the
three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year of face value in excess of fifty
lakh rupees or two percent of the paid-up capital of the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company, 
respectively, or such higher sum as may be specified;
ii.  is in
debted to the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, in
excess of such amount as may be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the
current financial year;
iii
.  had gi
ven a guarantee or provided any security in connection with the indebtedness of any third person to the
listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, for such amount as may
be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year; or
iv.  has an
y other pecuniary transaction or relationship with the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding or associate 
company amounting to two percent or more of its gross turnover or total income:
 In a
ny case, points (i) to (iv) combined shall not exceed 2% or more of its gross turnover/ total income/ ` 50 lakhs/ 
higher amount – whichever is less.
f) I, ne
ither by myself nor any of my relatives:-
•  hol
ds or has held the position of a key managerial personnel or is or has been employee of the company or
its holding, subsidiary or associate company or any company belonging to the promoter group in any of the
immediately preceding three financial years;
•  is o
r has been an employee or proprietor or a partner, in any of the immediately preceding three financial years,
of—
i.  a fir
m of auditors or company secretaries in practice or cost auditors of the company or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company; or
ii.  any 
legal or a consulting firm that has or had any transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary or
associate company amounting to ten per cent. or more of the gross turnover of such firm;

===== PDF PAGE 76 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
114 115
• hol ds together with relatives two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company; or
•  is a 
Chief Executive or director, by whatever name called, of any non-profit organization that receives twenty-
five percent or more of its receipts from the company, any of its promoters, directors or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company or that holds two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company.
g) I am no
t a material supplier, service provider or customer or a lessor or lessee of the Company.
h) My ag
e is above 21 years.
i)  I am 
not a non-independent Director of another company on the Board of which any non-independent Director of a
listed entity is an independent Director.
j)  I hav
e read all the provisions of the Code for Independent Directors (“Code”) as provided in schedule IV of the
Companies Act, 2013 and undertake to comply with all the provisions of the Code during my membership of the
Board and/or any of its Committees.  
k)  I hav
e/shall applied/apply online to the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar for inclusion of my name in
the data bank of Independent Directors for a period of one year/ five years/for my life-time, and shall from time to
time take steps as specified in sub-rule (2) of Rule 6 of The Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors)
Rules, 2014, till I continue to hold the office of an independent director in the Company.
Or
I have p
aid life fee for inclusion of his name in the data bank.
l)  I sh
all meet the criteria of independence as provided in clause (b) of sub-regulation (1) of regulation 16 of SEBI (Listing
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and I assure to intimate the Board whenever there is
any change in the circumstances which may affect my status as an independent director.
m)  I am 
not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or
impact my ability to discharge my duties with an objective independent judgment and without any external influence.
I her
eby further declare that I am independent of the Management of the Company.
Declaration
I undertake that I shall seek prior approval of the Board if and when I have any such relationship / transactions, whether material 
or non-material. If I fail to do so I shall cease to be an independent director from the date of entering in to such relationship 
/ transactions.
Further, I do hereby declare and confirm that the above said information’s are true and correct to the best of my knowledge as 
on the date of this declaration of independence and I shall take responsibility for its correctness and shall be liable for fine if any 
imposed on the Company, its directors, if the same found wrong or incorrect in future.
I further undertake to intimate immediately upon changes, if any, to the Company for updating of the same.
I also undertake to abide by the Code of Conduct prescribed in Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013.
Thank you,
Yours faithfully,
Sd/-
Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
DIN: 01338477
Date: 11 April, 2026
To
The Board of Directors
Indegene Limited
Bengaluru
Dear Sirs,
Declaration u/s 149 (7) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
I,  Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou Papathomas, Independent Director of the Company hereby declare that I meet the criteria of 
in
dependence as provided in sub-section 149 (6) of Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder & Regulation 
16(1)(b) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
and accordingly declare that:-
a) I am a pe
rson of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience.
b)  I am 
/ was not a promoter of the company or its holding, subsidiary or associate company or member of promoter
group of the listed entity;
c)  I am no
t related to promoters or directors in the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company;
d)  I hav
e/ had no material pecuniary relationship, other than remuneration as such director or with the company, its
holding, subsidiary or associate company, or their promoters, or directors, during the three immediately preceding
financial years or during the current financial year;
e) Non
e of any of my relatives:-
i.  is ho
lding securities of or interest in the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company during the
three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year of face value in excess of fifty
lakh rupees or two percent of the paid-up capital of the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company, 
respectively, or such higher sum as may be specified;
ii.  is in
debted to the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, in
excess of such amount as may be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the
current financial year;
iii
.  had gi
ven a guarantee or provided any security in connection with the indebtedness of any third person to the
listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, for such amount as may
be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year; or
iv.  has an
y other pecuniary transaction or relationship with the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding or associate 
company amounting to two percent or more of its gross turnover or total income:
 In a
ny case, points (i) to (iv) combined shall not exceed 2% or more of its gross turnover/ total income/ ` 50 lakhs/ higher 
amount – whichever is less.
f) I, ne
ither by myself nor any of my relatives:-
•  hol
ds or has held the position of a key managerial personnel or is or has been employee of the company or
its holding, subsidiary or associate company or any company belonging to the promoter group in any of the
immediately preceding three financial years;
•  is o
r has been an employee or proprietor or a partner, in any of the immediately preceding three financial years,
of—
i.  a fir
m of auditors or company secretaries in practice or cost auditors of the company or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company; or
ii.  any 
legal or a consulting firm that has or had any transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary or
associate company amounting to ten per cent. or more of the gross turnover of such firm;

===== PDF PAGE 77 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
116 117
• hol ds together with relatives two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company; or
•  is a 
Chief Executive or director, by whatever name called, of any non-profit organization that receives twenty-
five percent or more of its receipts from the company, any of its promoters, directors or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company or that holds two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company.
g)  I am no
t a material supplier, service provider or customer or a lessor or lessee of the Company.
h) My ag
e is above 21 years.
i)  I am 
not a non-independent Director of another company on the Board of which any non-independent Director of a
listed entity is an independent Director.
j)  I hav
e read all the provisions of the Code for Independent Directors (“Code”) as provided in schedule IV of the
Companies Act, 2013 and undertake to comply with all the provisions of the Code during my membership of the
Board and/or any of its Committees.  
k)  I hav
e/shall applied/apply online to the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar for inclusion of my name in
the data bank of Independent Directors for a period of one year/ five years/for my life-time, and shall from time to
time take steps as specified in sub-rule (2) of Rule 6 of The Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors)
Rules, 2014, till I continue to hold the office of an independent director in the Company.
Or
I have p
aid life fee for inclusion of his name in the data bank.
l)  I sh
all meet the criteria of independence as provided in clause (b) of sub-regulation (1) of regulation 16 of SEBI (Listing
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and I assure to intimate the Board whenever there is
any change in the circumstances which may affect my status as an independent director.
m)  I am 
not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or
impact my ability to discharge my duties with an objective independent judgment and without any external influence.
I her
eby further declare that I am independent of the Management of the Company.
Declaration
I undertake that I shall seek prior approval of the Board if and when I have any such relationship / transactions, whether material 
or non-material. If I fail to do so I shall cease to be an independent director from the date of entering in to such relationship 
/ transactions.
Further, I do hereby declare and confirm that the above said information’s are true and correct to the best of my knowledge as 
on the date of this declaration of independence and I shall take responsibility for its correctness and shall be liable for fine if any 
imposed on the Company, its directors, if the same found wrong or incorrect in future.
I further undertake to intimate immediately upon changes, if any, to the Company for updating of the same.
I also undertake to abide by the Code of Conduct prescribed in Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013.
Thank you,
Yours faithfully,
Sd/-
Georgia Nikolakopoulou Papathomas
DIN: 09734940
Date: 14 April, 2026
To
The Board of Directors
Indegene Limited
Bengaluru
Dear Sirs,
Declaration u/s 149 (7) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
I,   Neeraj Bharadwaj, Independent Director of the Company hereby declare that I meet the criteria of independence as provided 
in 
sub-section 149 (6) of Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder & Regulation 16(1)(b) of Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and accordingly declare 
that:-
a) I am a pe
rson of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience.
b)  I am 
/ was not a promoter of the company or its holding, subsidiary or associate company or member of promoter
group of the listed entity.
c) I am no
t related to promoters or directors in the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company.
d)  I hav
e/ had no material pecuniary relationship, other than remuneration as such director or with the company, its
holding, subsidiary or associate company, or their promoters, or directors, during the three immediately preceding
financial years or during the current financial year.
e) Non
e of any of my relatives: -
i.  is ho
lding securities of or interest in the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company during the
three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year of face value in excess of fifty
lakh rupees or two percent of the paid-up capital of the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company, 
respectively, or such higher sum as may be specified;
ii.  is in
debted to the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, in
excess of such amount as may be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the
current financial year.
iii
.  had gi
ven a guarantee or provided any security in connection with the indebtedness of any third person to the
listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, for such amount as may
be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year; or
iv.  has an
y other pecuniary transaction or relationship with the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding or associate 
company amounting to two percent or more of its gross turnover or total income:
 In a
ny case, points (i) to (iv) combined shall not exceed 2% or more of its gross turnover/ total income/ ` 50 lakhs/ higher 
amount – whichever is less.
f) I, ne
ither by myself nor any of my relatives: -
•  hol
ds or has held the position of key managerial personnel or is or has been employee of the company or
its holding, subsidiary or associate company or any company belonging to the promoter group in any of the
immediately preceding three financial years.
•  is o
r has been an employee or proprietor or a partner, in any of the immediately preceding three financial years
of—
i.  a fir
m of auditors or company secretaries in practice or cost auditors of the company or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company; or
ii.  any 
legal or a consulting firm that has or had any transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary or
associate company amounting to ten per cent. or more of the gross turnover of such firm.

===== PDF PAGE 78 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
118 119
• hol ds together with relatives two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company; or
•  is a 
Chief Executive or director, by whatever name called, of any non-profit organization that receives twenty-
five percent or more of its receipts from the company, any of its promoters, directors or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company or that holds two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company.
g) I am no
t a material supplier, service provider or customer or a lessor or lessee of the Company.
h) My ag
e is above 21 years.
i)  I am 
not a non-independent Director of another company on the Board of which any non-independent Director of a
listed entity is an independent Director.
j)  I hav
e read all the provisions of the Code for Independent Directors (“Code”) as provided in schedule IV of the
Companies Act, 2013 and undertake to comply with all the provisions of the Code during my membership of the
Board and/or any of its committees.  
k)  I hav
e/shall applied/apply online to the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar for inclusion of my name in
the data bank of Independent Directors for a period of one year/ five years/for my life-time, and shall from time to
time take steps as specified in sub-rule (2) of Rule 6 of The Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors)
Rules, 2014, till I continue to hold the office of an independent director in the Company.
Or
I have p
aid life fee for inclusion of his name in the data bank.
l)  I sh
all meet the criteria of independence as provided in clause (b) of sub-regulation (1) of regulation 16 of SEBI (Listing
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and I assure to intimate the Board whenever there is
any change in the circumstances which may affect my status as an independent director.
m)  I am 
not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or
impact my ability to discharge my duties with an objective independent judgment and without any external influence.
n)  pur
suant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 dated June 20, 2018, and NSE Circular No. NSE/ CML /2018/24
dated June 20, 2018, that I have not been debarred from holding office of a director by virtue of any order passed by
SEBI or any other such authority
I her
eby further declare that I am independent of the Management of the Company.
Declaration
I undertake that I shall seek prior approval of the Board if and when I have any such relationship / transactions, whether material 
or non-material. If I fail to do so I shall cease to be an independent director from the date of entering into such relationship 
/ transactions.
Further, I do hereby declare and confirm that the above said information’s are true and correct to the best of my knowledge as 
on the date of this declaration of independence and I shall take responsibility for its correctness and shall be liable for fine if any 
imposed on the Company, its directors, if the same found wrong or incorrect in future.
I further undertake to intimate immediately upon changes, if any, to the Company for updating of the same.
I also undertake to abide by the Code of Conduct prescribed in Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
Sd/-
Neeraj Bharadwaj
DIN: 01314963
Date: 01 April, 2026
To
The Board of Directors
Indegene Limited
Bengaluru
Dear Sirs,
Declaration u/s 149 (7) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
I.  Jill Mary De Simone, Independent director of the Company hereby declare that I meet the criteria of independence as
pr
ovided in sub-section 149 (6) of Companies Act, 2013 and the rules framed thereunder & Regulation 16(1)(b) of Securities
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and accordingly declare
that:-
a) I am a pe
rson of integrity and possess relevant expertise and experience.
b)  I am 
/ was not a promoter of the company or its holding, subsidiary or associate company or member of promoter
group of the listed entity.
c) I am no
t related to promoters or directors in the company, its holding, subsidiary or associate company.
d)  I hav
e/ had no material pecuniary relationship, other than remuneration as such director or with the company, its
holding, subsidiary or associate company, or their promoters, or directors, during the three immediately preceding
financial years or during the current financial year.
e) Non
e of any of my relatives: -
i)  is h
olding securities of or interest in the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company during the
three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year of face value in excess of fifty
lakh rupees or two percent of the paid-up capital of the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company, 
respectively, or such higher sum as may be specified;
ii)  is i
ndebted to the listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, in
excess of such amount as may be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the
current financial year.
iii
)  had g
iven a guarantee or provided any security in connection with the indebtedness of any third person to the
listed entity, its holding, subsidiary or associate company or their promoters or directors, for such amount as may
be specified during the three immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year; or
iv)  has a
ny other pecuniary transaction or relationship with the company, or its subsidiary, or its holding or associate
company amounting to two percent or more of its gross turnover or total income:
 In a
ny case, points (i) to (iv) combined shall not exceed 2% or more of its gross turnover/ total income/ ` 50 lakhs/ higher 
amount – whichever is less.
f) I, ne
ither by myself nor any of my relatives: -
•  hol
ds or has held the position of key managerial personnel or is or has been employee of the company or
its holding, subsidiary or associate company or any company belonging to the promoter group in any of the
immediately preceding three financial years.
•  is o
r has been an employee or proprietor or a partner, in any of the immediately preceding three financial years
of—
i.  a fir
m of auditors or company secretaries in practice or cost auditors of the company or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company; or
ii.  any 
legal or a consulting firm that has or had any transaction with the company, its holding, subsidiary or
associate company amounting to ten per cent. or more of the gross turnover of such firm.

===== PDF PAGE 79 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
120 121
• hol ds together with relatives two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company; or
•  is a 
Chief Executive or director, by whatever name called, of any non-profit organization that receives twenty-
five percent or more of its receipts from the company, any of its promoters, directors or its holding, subsidiary
or associate company or that holds two per cent. or more of the total voting power of the company.
g) I am no
t a material supplier, service provider or customer or a lessor or lessee of the Company.
h) My ag
e is above 21 years.
i)  I am 
not a non-independent Director of another company on the Board of which any non-independent Director of a
listed entity is an independent Director.
j)  I hav
e read all the provisions of the Code for Independent Directors (“Code”) as provided in schedule IV of the
Companies Act, 2013 and undertake to comply with all the provisions of the Code during my membership of the
Board and/or any of its committees.  
k)  I hav
e/shall applied/apply online to the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs at Manesar for inclusion of my name in
the data bank of Independent Directors for a period of one year/ five years/for my life-time, and shall from time to
time take steps as specified in sub-rule (2) of Rule 6 of The Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors)
Rules, 2014, till I continue to hold the office of an independent director in the Company.
Or
I have p
aid life fee for inclusion of his name in the data bank.
l)  I sh
all meet the criteria of independence as provided in clause (b) of sub-regulation (1) of regulation 16 of SEBI (Listing
Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and I assure to intimate the Board whenever there is
any change in the circumstances which may affect my status as an independent director.
m)  I am 
not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair or
impact my ability to discharge my duties with an objective independent judgment and without any external influence.
n)  pur
suant to BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 dated June 20, 2018, and NSE Circular No. NSE/ CML /2018/24
dated June 20, 2018, that I have not been debarred from holding office of a director by virtue of any order passed by
SEBI or any other such authority
I her
eby further declare that I am independent of the Management of the Company.
Declaration
I undertake that I shall seek prior approval of the Board if and when I have any such relationship / transactions, whether material 
or non-material. If I fail to do so I shall cease to be an independent director from the date of entering into such relationship 
/ transactions.
Further, I do hereby declare and confirm that the above said information’s are true and correct to the best of my knowledge as 
on the date of this declaration of independence and I shall take responsibility for its correctness and shall be liable for fine if any 
imposed on the Company, its directors, if the same found wrong or incorrect in future.
I further undertake to intimate immediately upon changes, if any, to the Company for updating of the same.
I also undertake to abide by the Code of Conduct prescribed in Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
   Sd/-
J
ill Mary De Simone
DIN: 11483134
ANNEXURE-6
ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES
[Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies  
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, as amended.]
A. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company.
 At Indegene, we take the long view. India’s trajectory toward becoming a dominant, globally recognized biotech powerhouse
ca
nnot rely on isolated, serendipitous breakthroughs. It demands an integrated, self-sustaining ecosystem where discovery 
is nurtured, translation is accelerated, and scale is legally and structurally enabled.
 By i
ntentionally aligning our corporate social responsibility with the frontiers of deep science, we are not just giving
back—we are investing forward. We remain steadfastly committed to playing a pivotal, catalytic role in this transformation, 
creating compounding value and enduring intellectual property that will serve society and elevate Indian science for
decades to come.
 Our C
SR strategy represents a profound structural shift from traditional philanthropy to systemic ecosystem engineering. 
We are deliberately investing where the scientific horizon is being pushed, ensuring that India builds the enduring
institutional and intellectual architecture required to lead the global bio-economy.
 We b
elieve that equitable access to healthcare is a fundamental human right and is a core constituent of social and economic 
development. We also believe that health awareness and education are important engines for the improvement of health 
outcomes in our society.
 We th
erefore partner with a wide spectrum of stakeholders to enable universal access to healthcare, to develop and deliver
solutions that serve to increase health, wellness and disease awareness among the public at large and to enhance the level 
of education among health professionals.
CSR Ac
tivities
A bri
ef overview of the Company’s CSR projects is given below:
 It is d
ivided into two parts -
 Sec
tion A of this report provides details of the initiatives undertaken during financial year 2025–26/ongoing and considered
for the purpose of computing the prescribed CSR spends.
 Sec
tion B of this report deals with the new CSR projects that were recommended by the Company during the financial year.
Section A – Ongoing Pr
ojects/Initiatives undertaken during financial year 2025–26
1. C-CAMP (
Centre for Cellular and Molecular Platforms)
 Ind
egene has partnered with Centre for Cellular and Molecular Platforms (C-CAMP) to support 5-7 early-stage life
sciences startups. Through financial assistance, expert mentorship, and a tailored digital services suite, the partnership
aims to nurture deep-science innovations, accelerate growth, and strengthen India’s life sciences ecosystem.
2. International Foundation f
or Research and Education / Ashoka University
 The C
ompany’s partnership with the International Foundation for Research and Education (the sponsor body of
Ashoka University) has supported and will continue to support the salaries of visiting professors, faculty, and research
fellows at the Centre for Health Analytics, Research and Trends (CHART) at the Trivedi School of Biosciences.

===== PDF PAGE 80 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
122 123
3. Foundation for Promotion of Sports and Games / OGQ
 OGQ 
is a program of the Foundation for Promotion of Sports and Games. Indegene provides Sports Science support
i.e., towards the health, wellness and fitness of athletes to ensure they are in the best shape to compete in the
Olympics & Paralympics. The arrangement has been renewed for a further period of 3 years.
4. Foundation for Ex
cellence
 As p
art of our ongoing commitment to Sponsoring the professional education of 25 academically bright and financially
deserving Medical (MBBS) students from Karnataka, India through annual scholarship awards from Indegene, Indegene
successfully concluded its Mentorship Program for third-year Engineering students from Foundation for Excellence
(FFE). The program aimed to equip them with career-relevant skills and guidance, boosting their employability and
confidence in the professional world. The partnership has been renewed for a further period of 3 years to support 25
students in the first 2 years and 20 students in the third year with an increase in the scholarship amount per student.
5. Plaksha Univer
sity (Reimagining Higher Education Foundation) - The Faculty Chair Project
 The s
upport extended to Plaksha has been restructured into two distinct CSR initiatives to enhance focus and impact,
one is the continuation of the Faculty Chair Project & the other initiative under the HealthTech Innovation Fund.
 The 
Faculty Chair Project supports the establishment of faculty chairs to attract and retain world-class academic
talent, fostering innovation and academic excellence.
6. FAME India Bangalor
e
 The S
peech Pathology Program is an integral part of the rehabilitation team at FAME India. The Speech Pathologists
assess and treat approximately 100 children and adults with disabilities in the following programs:
•  Hom
e Management: The objectives of this program are early intervention through transdisciplinary approach,
parent education and potential school placement.
•  Sch
ool: Children between the age range of 6 to 18 years with communication and swallowing issues are seen
in individual or group sessions.
•  Out
reach: Once a week, a community outreach team goes out to surrounding rural areas to provide assessment,
intervention and education
•  Day Ac
tivity Centre: Communication intervention for adults with Disabilities from 18 to 60 years
• Res
pite Care: Maintenance programs to enhance quality of life of persons with profound disabilities.
7. Center f
or Development and Promotion of Science / Foundation for Advancing Science & Technology (FAST)
 The C
enter for Development and Promotion of Science, also known as the Foundation for Advancing Science and
Technology (FAST), is a non-profit trust dedicated to advancing Science and Technology (S&T) in India. Key Objectives
of the program are:
 Eco
system enabling: To collaborate with S&T-related government bodies to enhance the ease of conducting scientific
research in India and align the efficiency of the R&D processes with global standards.
 Ins
titution building: To work with the scientific research and academic institutions to implement best practices, track
progress, improve efficiency, and enhance effectiveness.
 Ind
ustry participation: To encourage innovation and R&D-led growth by Indian companies, aiming for the 10 corporate
sector to contribute 50% of GERD. We also aim to enhance corporate sector engagement with academic institutions 
to develop cutting-edge scientific processes.
 Cul tivating a Science Culture: To stimulate curiosity and interest in science as a career among India’s youth through 
a mix of public events, competitions, and opportunities.
8. Foundation for R
einventing Governance / Indian School of Public Policy (ISPP)
 Ind
egene’s partnership with ISPP in co-creating Centre of Advancing Universal Health Coverage (UHC) will
contribute to:
• Ass
ist central and state governments in crafting data-driven UHC strategies
• Des
ign and conduct training programs for policymakers and health system managers
•  Col
laborate with governments, insurance industry, & HCPs to enhance financial protection & broaden
hea
lthcare access
• Dev
elop programs to boost health insurance literacy, empowering informed health coverage choices
• Dra
fting a Vision Document, Build Foundational Infrastructure
9. Bangalore Hospic
e Trust
 Ban
galore Hospice Trust (BHT) is a public charitable organisation established through the combined efforts of
Rotary Bangalore Indiranagar and the Indian Cancer Society, Karnataka Chapter, in 1994. BHT’s mission is to provide
compassionate palliative care for people facing life-limiting illness through quality care, advocacy, research and
education. The vision of BHT encompasses CARE, i.e.:
C – Car
ing,
A – Adv
ocacy,
R – Re
search,
E – Edu
cation and Training
 Thi
s project aims to equip non-mental health professionals with the knowledge and skills needed to assess and
address the psychosocial and spiritual needs of patients with chronic illnesses
10. Indian Institute o
f Cerebral Palsy (IICP)
 IIC
P runs the Jugnu Shishu Vikas Kendra, an inclusive playschool and nutrition programme for underprivileged children 
aged 2–6 years, initiated in 2010. The primary objective of the initiative is to enhance access to early childhood
education and nutrition for underprivileged children.
 Und
er this CSR initiative, Indegene supports the programme through financial assistance, resources and expertise,
aimed at strengthening its reach and improving its overall effectiveness.
Section B - New C
SR projects
 The f
ollowing new CSR projects were undertaken by the Company during the financial year:
11. Foundation for Negl
ected Disease Research
 Ind
egene is supporting a programme implemented by the Foundation for Neglected Disease Research (FNDR), a
Section 8 company, focused on the development of a multiplex qPCR panel for detection of critical fungal pathogens.
The initiative aims to enable timely and accurate diagnosis, thereby supporting informed clinical decision-making and 
improving patient outcomes in the management of infectious diseases.
 The p
rogramme involves the design and optimisation of a multiplex TaqMan probe-based quantitative PCR panel
using species-specific gene sequences, with a view to strengthening diagnostic capabilities and advancing research
in the field of infectious diseases.

===== PDF PAGE 81 =====
Board’s ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
124 125
12. Institute f or Bio-Informatics & Applied Bio-Technology
 Ind
egene is supporting a programme implemented by the Institute of Bioinformatics and Applied Biotechnology
(IBAB), a registered society, aimed at promoting academic empowerment of students from economically weaker
sections. The initiative focuses on providing financial support towards tuition fees for MSc students, thereby enabling
access to quality higher education and fostering talent in the life sciences and biotechnology domains.
 The p
rogramme is designed to strengthen the academic ecosystem by supporting meritorious students and enhancing 
skill development in specialised scientific fields.
13. Teach to L
ead.
 Und
er this CSR initiative, the Company is supporting the InnovatED Grant and Teach to Lead Fellowship programmes, 
which aim to foster entrepreneurship and strengthen the education ecosystem by supporting educators and impacting 
students through classroom teaching and mentorship.
14. Plaksha Univer
sity (Reimagining Higher Education Foundation) – Innovation Fund
 Und
er this CSR initiative, Indegene is supporting the HealthTech Innovation Fund implemented by the Reimagining
Higher Education Foundation (RHEF), with a focus on advancing innovation in healthcare and biosciences. The
programme aims to foster interdisciplinary research, support innovation-led projects and strengthen the broader
health-technology ecosystem through collaboration between academia, industry and entrepreneurs.
 The i
nitiative is designed to contribute towards the development of scalable and impactful solutions in the healthcare 
space, thereby enabling improved access and outcomes.
15. The Akshay
a Patra Foundation
 Ind
egene’s support to The Akshaya Patra Foundation aims at providing nutritious meals to school children. The
initiative seeks to improve the nutritional status of children while encouraging school attendance and retention, thereby
contributing to better learning outcomes. Through this programme, the Company supports the delivery of meals
to beneficiary children, strengthening efforts towards addressing hunger and malnutrition among underprivileged
communities. The implementing partner is responsible for execution of the programme and ensuring effective
utilisation of funds in accordance with the agreed objectives and applicable regulatory requirements.
16. Government C
ollege Tumkur
 Ind
egene supported Government College, Tumkur by providing 70 laptops to strengthen digital infrastructure and
enhance access to technology-enabled learning for students.
17. Government C
ollege, Malleswaram, Bangalore
 Ind
egene supported Government College, Malleswaram, Bangalore through the provision of 30 laptops, aimed at
strengthening digital infrastructure and enhancing access to technology-enabled learning for students.
B. Composition of CSR Committee:
Sl. 
No.
Name of Director Designation / Nature of Directorship Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
held during the year
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
attended during the year
1 Mr. Manish Gupta Chairman, Executive Director and Chief 
Executive Officer, Chairperson of CSR 
Committee
1 1
2 Dr. Rajesh 
Bhaskaran Nair
Non-Executive Director, Member of 
CSR Committee
1 1
3 Dr. Sanjay Suresh 
Parikh
Executive Director, Member of CSR 
Committee
1 1
4 Mr. Pravin 
Udhyavara Bhadya 
Rao
Non-Executive Independent Director, 
Member of CSR Committee
1 1
3.  Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR
commit
tee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved
by the board are disclosed on the website of the
company.
•  The composition of the CSR committee is available on our website, 
at ht
tps://www.indegene.com/who-we-are/leadership
•  The Commit
tee, with the approval of the Board, has adopted the
CSR Policy as required under Section 135 of the Companies Act,
2013. The CSR Policy of the Company is available on our website,
at CSR Policy
•
 CSR pr
ojects approved by the Board are available on our website,
at https://www.indegene.com/who-we-are/social-responsibility
4.  Pro
vide the executive summary along with web-
link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects
carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if
applicable.
NA
5.
(a)  Aver
age net profit of the company as per sub-
section (5) of section 135.
` 1,80,84,65,223
(b)   Two per
cent of average net profit of the
company as per sub-section (5) of section 135.
` 3,61,69,304
(c)  Surplus arising out of the CSR P
rojects or
programmes or activities of the previous
financial years.
NIL
(d)   Amount required t
o be set-off for the financial
year, if any.
NIL
(e)  Total C
SR obligation for the financial year
[(b)+(c)-(d)].
` 3,61,69,304
6. (a)  Amount spent on CSR Pr
ojects (both Ongoing
Project and other than Ongoing Project).
` 3,63,45,765
(b)  Amount spent in Administr
ative Overheads. NIL
(c)  Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if
applic
able.
NA
(d)   Total amount spent f
or the Financial Year
[(a)+(b)+(c)].
` 3,63,45,765
(e) CSR a
mount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:
Amount Unspent (in ` )
Total Amount Spent 
for the Financial 
Year (in `) 
Total Amount transferred to 
Unspent CSR Account as per 
sub-section (6) of section 135.
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to sub-section 
(5) of section 135.
Amount. Date of transfer Name of the Fund Amount. Date of transfer
2,58,45,765 1,05,00,000 28 April 2026 NIL NIL NA
(f) Exc
ess amount for set-off, if any:
S.NO. Particulars Amount (in `)
(1) (2) (3)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section
135
3,61,69,304
(ii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year 3,63,45,765
(iii) Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(ii)-(i)] 1,76,461
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous
Financial Years, if any
Not claimed / 
carried forward
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years [(iii)-(iv)] 1,76,461

===== PDF PAGE 82 =====
Report on Corporate Governance
GOVERNANCE THAT BUILDS TRUST
At Indegene Limited, good corporate governance has been the cornerstone of our journey across 
nearly three decades. Our unwavering commitment to transparency, accountability, and ethical conduct 
has built enduring trust with all our stakeholders. This strong governance DNA has been central to 
delivering sustainable growth and navigating a dynamic landscape with confidence and resilience. As 
we continue our journey from promise to performance, we remain accountable for the outcomes we 
create - reinforcing our position as a responsible, forward-looking organization committed to long-term 
value creation, inclusive progress, and excellence in everything we do.
The Report comprises
1 2 3 4 5
Corporate 
Governance 
Philosophy
Board and 
Committees of 
the Board
Company 
Policies and 
Governance 
Disclosures
Affirmations, 
Compliance 
and 
Certifications
Shareholder 
Information 
and Investor 
Interface
COMPANY'S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Our corporate governance reflects our value system, 
encompassing our culture, policies, and relationships with 
our stakeholders. Integrity and transparency are key to our 
corporate governance practices and ensure that we always 
gain and retain the trust of our stakeholders.
At Indegene (“the Company”), it is imperative that the 
Company’s affairs are managed in a fair and transparent 
manner. This is ensured by taking ethical business decisions 
and conducting business with a firm commitment to values, 
while meeting stakeholders expectations. We are committed 
to defining, following, and practicing the highest level of 
corporate governance across all our business functions.
Our corporate governance is a statement of the values we 
stand by as we conduct our business and engage with our 
stakeholders. The Company has been a leader in adopting 
internationally recognized corporate governance guidelines 
and has set the highest standards in abiding by them.
Report on Corporate Governance Statutory Reports
127
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
126
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
S.
No
Preceding 
Financial 
Year(s)
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account under 
subsection (6) 
of section 135 
(in `)
Balance 
Amount in 
Unspent 
CSR Account 
under 
subsection 
(6) of section
135 (in `)
Amount 
Spent 
in the 
Financial 
Year (in 
Rs)
Amount transferred 
to a Fund as specified 
under Schedule VII 
as per second proviso 
to subsection (5) of 
section 135, if any
Amount 
remaining 
to be 
spent in 
succeeding 
Financial 
Years (in 
Rs) 
Deficiency, 
if any
Amount
(in Rs)
Date of
transfer
1 FY – 1 75,13,570 75,13,570 42,50,000 NA NA 32,63,570 NIL
2 FY – 2 1,03,95,000 54,45,000 54,45,000 NA NA NIL NIL
3 FY – 3 88,90,000 NIL NIL NA NA NIL NIL
8.  Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent in the
Financial Year: No
 If Yes, enter the number of Capital assets created/ acquired: Nil
 Furnish the details relating to such asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent 
in the Financial Year:
S.
No.
Short particulars of the 
property or asset(s) 
[including complete address 
and location of the property
Pincode 
of the 
property 
or asset(s)
Date of 
creation
Amount 
of CSR 
amount 
spent
Details of entity/ Authority/ beneficiary of 
the registered owner
(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)
CSR Registration 
Number, if applicable
Name Registered 
Address
Not Applicable
9.  Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per subsection (5) of
section 135: Not Applicable
10. A Responsibility Statement of the CSR Committee:
 We hereby declare that implementation and monitoring of CSR Policy are in compliance with CSR objectives and policy
of the Company and in line with the Companies Act, 2013.
Sd/-
Manish Gupta
(Chairman of the Board, Executive Director, 
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of CSR
Committee)
[Person specified under clause (d) of sub-section (1) of section 380
of the Act] (Wherever applicable) – Not Applicable

===== PDF PAGE 83 =====
Compliance with the 
laws & regulations
Trusteeship Accountability Integrity & 
Transparency
Sustainability
Core principles of Governance
At Indegene, we base our business on responsible corporate behaviour. We act according to our values and principles, which are 
strengthened at all levels within the Company. The Board through its supervisory role and oversight ensures that appropriate 
processes and controls are in place to support our operations and protect the stakeholders interest. The Board fully supports and 
endorses the corporate governance practices as envisaged in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).
Corporate Governance Structure
The Company’s governance structure follows a multi-layered 
framework designed to promote transparent oversight and 
ensure accountability across all levels of organisation. It 
processes key decisions through Committees of the Board 
(“Board Committees/Committees”) with clearly defined 
roles and responsibilities. Internal working sub-committees 
and groups further support these Committees with cross-
functional expertise.
This framework integrates senior management inputs with 
formal Board oversight to strengthen decision-making. This 
approach creates a continuous cycle of informed insight 
and disciplined decision-making across all levels of the 
organisation. As a result, the Company ensures consistency, 
accountability, and effective governance throughout 
its operations.
Strong internal 
committee oversight 
mechanisms in place
Independent 
Directors’ presence 
across Committees 
ensures objectivity 
and strong oversight
Inclusion of 
external expertise 
to strengthen 
governance 
effectiveness
Board / Committees / 
Directors evaluation 
mechanism in place
1 2
3 4
Shareholders
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Management Committee
BOARD AND COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
Knowing the Board
Mr. Manish Gupta
(Chairman, Executive 
Director & CEO)
DIN: 00219273
Date of Appointment: Nationality: Age (Years): Experience(Years)
11 February 2000 Indian 53 >30
Expertise and Competencies:
• Exp
ertise in strategy and leadership for building and scaling global organisations
• Sou
nd knowledge of life sciences and pharmaceutical commercialisation
• Sou
nd knowledge of stakeholder management, including global clients and investors
• Stro
ng understanding of technology, AI-led innovation and digital transformation
Committee Membership:
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Risk Management Committee
Indegene is professionally managed under the Board’s 
guidance. The Board’s primary role is to ensure the Company’s 
long-term sustainable success for all stakeholders. It is 
responsible for developing strategy, overseeing material 
acquisitions and divestments, managing capital expenditure 
and the Company’s capital structure, and handling other 
financing matters. Additionally, the Board is committed to 
upholding sound principles of Corporate Governance within 
the Company.
Board composition and other details
The Board of the Company comprises highly experienced 
persons of repute and eminence and has an optimal mix 
of knowledge, experience and diversity that enables it to 
discharge its responsibilities and provide effective leadership 
to the business.
The Board comprises both Executive and Non-Executive 
Directors, with a majority being Independent Directors, 
including Independent Women Directors.
It is hereby confirmed that:
•
The
 Board composition is in conformity with the applicable
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the
Listing Regulations.
• Non
e of the Directors of the Company are related to
each other.
• The
 Number of Directorship(s), Committee Membership(s),
Chairmanship(s) of all the Directors is within respective
limits prescribed under the Act and Listing Regulations.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Board Composition Gender Diversity
  Independent
  Executive
  Non executive
  Male
  Female
64% 82%18%
18% 18%
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
128 129

===== PDF PAGE 84 =====
Dr. Rajesh 
Bhaskaran Nair 
(Non- executive 
Director)
DIN: 00219269
Mr. Mark 
Francis Dzialga 
(Non- executive 
Nominee Director) 
DIN: 00955485
Date of Appointment: 
Date of Appointment: 
Nationality:
Nationality:
Age (Years):
Age (Years):
Experience(Years)
Experience(Years)
16 October 1998
16 April 2021
Indian
United States 
of America
56
61
>28
>30
Expertise and Competencies:
•
Sou
nd understanding of business strategy, operations and execution frameworks
• Abi
lity to translate data and insights into actionable business outcomes
• Str
ong clinical foundation combined with business management expertise
• Exp
ertise in driving innovation in healthcare through interdisciplinary knowledge
Expertise and Competencies:
•
Exp
ertise in growth equity investing and investment leadership
• Exp
ertise in global investments and cross-border market expansion
• Exp
ertise in software, internet, healthcare, financial services, and consumer sectors
• Soun
d knowledge of financial analysis and investment frameworks backed by
strong academic
Committee Membership:
Committee Membership:
Investment Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Risk Management Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Investment Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh
(Executive Director)
DIN: 00219278
Date of Appointment: Nationality: Age (Years): Experience(Years)
29 January 2002 Indian 62 >34
Expertise and Competencies:
• Exp
ertise in strategy, business development and operational leadership across global
healthcare markets
• Soun
d knowledge of pharmaceutical, medical devices and healthcare industry dynamics
• Ind
ustry insight and ability to contribute to long-term business strategy
• Exp
erience in scaling innovation-driven healthcare solutions and business models
Committee Membership:
Audit Committee
Risk Management Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Dr. Ashish Gupta
(Independent Director)
DIN: 00521511
Mr. Jairaj 
Manohar Purandare
(Independent Director)
DIN: 00159886
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao
(Independent Director)
DIN: 06782450
Date of Appointment: 
Date of Appointment: 
Date of Appointment: 
Nationality:
Nationality:
Nationality:
Age (Years):
Age (Years):
Age (Years):
Experience(Years)
Experience(Years)
Experience(Years)
28 April 2022
28 April 2022
08 June 2022
United States 
of America
Indian
Indian
59
66
64
>28
>35
>36
Expertise and Competencies:
• Exp
ertise in IT entrepreneurship and technology-driven business development
• Soun
d knowledge of investment evaluation, startup mentoring, and board-level
advisory roles
• Exp
ertise in strategic leadership and business innovation, including founding and
scaling companies
• Pro
ficiency in working with high-growth companies in sectors such as SaaS, AI, and
digital platforms
Expertise and Competencies:
•
Ext
ensive experience in taxation and advisory services
• Sen
ior leadership experience at global professional services firms (PwC and Ernst &
Young)
• Dee
p understanding of tax strategy, regulatory frameworks, and compliance
• Str
ong stakeholder management and client advisory capabilities
Expertise and Competencies:
•
Str
ong domain expertise in IT services and technology-led business models
• Pro
ven operational leadership experience as Chief Operating Officer at Infosys Limited
• Dee
p understanding of large-scale technology operations and delivery management
• Exp
erience in managing global delivery and complex business environments
Committee Membership:
Committee Membership:
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Audit Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Investment Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Committee Membership:
Audit Committee
Risk Management Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
130 131

===== PDF PAGE 85 =====
Mr. Krishnamurthy 
Venugopala Tenneti
(Independent Director)
DIN: 01338477
Dr. Georgia 
Nikolakopoulou 
Papathomas
(Independent Director)
DIN: 09734940
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj
(Independent Director)
DIN: 01314963
Date of Appointment: 
Date of Appointment: 
Date of Appointment: 
Nationality:
Nationality:
Nationality:
Age (Years):
Age (Years):
Age (Years):
Experience(Years)
Experience(Years)
Experience(Years)
22 July 2008
30 September 2022
23 January 2026
Indian
United States 
of America
United States 
of America
80
75
57
>50
>40
>35
Expertise and Competencies:
• Exp
erience in management advisory and strategic consulting
• Exp
ertise in business strategy, operational improvement, and governance
• Exp
erience in guiding management on growth and transformation initiatives
• Stro
ng analytical and problem-solving capabilities
Expertise and Competencies:
•
Exp
erience in the pharmaceutical industry
• Pri
or association with a global healthcare company (Johnson & Johnson)
• Exp
ertise in scientific research and analytical methodologies
• Str
ong understanding of healthcare and life sciences sector
—
Expertise and Competencies:
• Ext
ensive experience in private equity and investment management
• Str
ong expertise in financial analysis and portfolio management
• Dee
p capabilities in business strategy and value creation
• Exp
ertise in evaluating complex transactions and investment opportunities
Committee Membership:
Committee Membership:
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Investment Committee
Audit Committee
Committee Membership:
Investment Committee Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone
(Independent Director)
DIN: 11483134
Date of Appointment: Nationality: Age (Years): Experience(Years)
22 January 2026 United States 
of America
70 >40
Expertise and Competencies:
• Exp
ertise in business unit creation, transformation, and operational excellence
• Stro
ng understanding of life sciences commercialisation and market dynamics
• Str
ategic advisory experience for early-stage and preclinical biotech companies
• Exp
erience in organisational development, executive coaching, and leadership mentoring
—
Committee Membership:
Details of attendance of directors at the meetings of the board & at the last Annual General Meeting (AGM) held in financial 
year 2025-26, are as follows: 
Name of the Director Attended 
AGM on 
26 June 
2025
No. of Board Meetings Held 
during 
tenure
Attended %
1 2 3 4 5
(28 April 
2025)
(27 May 
2025)
(31 July 
2025)
(30 Oct 
2025)
(29 Jan 
2026)
Mr. Manish Gupta Y Y Y Y Y Y 5 5 100
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Y Y Y Y Y Y 5 5 100
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Y Y Y Y Y Y 5 5 100
Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga* Ab Y L Y Y L 5 3 60
Dr. Ashish Gupta Ab Y L Y Y Y 5 4 80
Mr. Jairaj Manohar 
Purandare
Y Y Y Y Y Y 5 5 100
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao
Y Y Y Y Y Y 5 5 100
Mr. Krishnamurthy 
Venugopala Tenneti
Y Y Y Y Y Y 5 5 100
Dr. Georgia 
Nikolakopoulou 
Papathomas
Y Y Y Y Y Y 5 5 100
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj** Y L L NA NA L 3 0 0
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone*** NA NA NA NA NA Y 1 1 100
% Attendance 80 90 70 100 100 81.82 - - -
Y – Present     Ab – Absent     L – Leave of Absence
* Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga is a nominee of BPC Group (collectively, BPC Genesis Fund I SPV, Ltd. and BPC Genesis Fund I-A SPV, Ltd.).
*
* Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj resigned from the Board on 22 July 2025 and was subsequently re-appointed as an Independent Director with effect 
from 23 January 2026, pursuant to approval of the shareholders through postal ballot.
*** Ms. Jill Mary De Simone was appointed as an Additional Director (Non-Executive, Independent) of the Company with effect from 
22 January 2026.
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
132 133

===== PDF PAGE 86 =====
Notes:
• Non
e of the Directors are related to each other.
• The
re were no instances of resignation of an independent before the expiry of his /her tenure
• It ma
y be noted that the company is managed by a professional board and does not have promoters.
During the financial year 2025-26, the composition of the Board was in compliance with Regulations 17 and 25 of the Listing 
Regulations read with Section 149 of the Act.
Details of directorships held by the Directors of Indegene as at 31 March 2026 in other equity listed entities (excluding Indegene), 
are as follows:
S. 
No.
Name, DIN No. of Other Directorships No. of Committee 
Positions held
Indian Overseas Listed 
Entities
Name of Listed Entities Member Chairperson
Unlisted 
Public
Private
1. Mr. Manish Gupta Nil Nil 7* Nil NA Nil Nil
2. Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Nil Nil 6* Nil NA Nil Nil
3. Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran
Nair
Nil Nil 9* Nil NA Nil Nil
4. Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga Nil Nil 5 Nil NA Nil Nil
5. Dr. Ashish Gupta Nil 3 3 2 Info Edge (India) Limited
Urban Company Limited
1 Nil
6. Mr. Jairaj Manohar
Purandare
Nil 2 Nil 3 Piramal Pharma Limited 
HDFC Asset Management 
Company Limited
CIE Automotive India 
Limited
5 2
7. Mr. Pravin Udhyavara
Bhadya Rao
1 1 Nil 3 Computer Age 
Management Services 
Limited
Cohance Lifesciences 
Limited
Zensar Technologies 
Limited
4 1
8. Mr. Krishnamurthy
Venugopala Tenneti
Nil 7 1 1 Ola Electric Mobility 
Limited
1 1
9. Dr. Georgia
Nikolakopoulou
Papathomas
Nil Nil 7 Nil NA Nil Nil
10. Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj 1 3 3 1 Hexaware Technologies 
Limited
1 Nil
11. Ms. Jill Mary De Simone Nil Nil 1 Nil NA Nil Nil
*In respect of Mr. Manish Gupta, Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh and Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair, “overseas companies” includes subsidiaries of
Indegene Limited.
Notes:
• Non
e of the directors hold directorship in more than 10 public companies out of which seven companies are listed. Also,
none of the whole-time directors are serving as independent directors.
• For t
he purpose of determining the limit of Board Committees, only Chairpersonship / Membership positions held in Audit
Committee & Stakeholders Relationship Committee have been considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations.
Board Meetings 
The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and take decisions on Company/business policies and strategies apart from 
other Board businesses. 
Measures to ensure effective participation by the Directors
• Pre
-scheduled Board/Committee Meetings.
• Annu
al calendar for Board / Committee meetings is agreed and circulated in advance.
• At e
ach Board meeting, Chairperson of respective Committees briefs the Board on matters discussed by the
Committee at their respective meetings.
• For u
rgent business needs - approval is taken by resolution passed through circulation.
• Age
nda is set by the Company Secretary in consultation with the Chairperson of the Board/ Committee. Agenda of
Meetings includes detailed notes to enable the Directors to take an informed decision.
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
134 135

===== PDF PAGE 87 =====
The Agenda for the Board and Committee Meetings covers 
items set out as per the Act and Listing Regulations. The 
Board agenda generally includes consideration of important 
corporate actions and events.
The information set out in the Agenda and notes thereon 
enables the Board to deliberate and take informed decisions 
on the matters. The Meetings are generally conducted through 
audio/video conferencing (AC/VC) facilities. The necessary 
arrangements are made to enable Directors, including those 
travelling or located outside the usual place of meeting, to 
participate effectively.
During the financial year 2025-26, five Board Meetings were 
held. The interval between any two Board Meetings was well 
within the maximum allowed gap of 120 days. During the 
year, some of the business were considered by the Board by 
passing resolutions by circulation
The date of board meetings along with presence of quorum 
are as follows:
S.No. Date of meeting Total no. of Directors 
on board as on date 
of the meeting
Total no. of 
Directors present
Total no. of 
Independent 
Directors present
Presence of 
Quorum (Yes/
No)
1. 28 April 2025 10 9 5 Yes
2. 27 May 2025 10 7 4 Yes
3. 31 July 2025 9 9 5 Yes
4. 30 October 2025 9 9 5 Yes
5. 29 January 2026 11 9 6 Yes
The Company Secretary supports the Board by making 
sure the Directors have the policies, processes, information, 
time and resources, they need to work and take decisions 
effectively and efficiently.
Board Support: Company Secretary
The Company Secretary is responsible for:
•
pre
paring the Agenda and convening the Board and
Committee meetings;
• fac
ilitating Board, Committee and General Meetings,
attending such meetings, and ensuring that the proceedings 
and minutes are appropriately recorded and maintained.
• pro
viding guidance to the Directors, both collectively
and individually, regarding their roles, responsibilities,
and powers.
•
assi
sting the Chairperson in all Board development
processes like Board evaluation, Board re-structuring,
succession planning, inductions and trainings etc.
•
rep
resenting the Company before various regulators and
authorities in connection with the discharge of duties
under the Act & Listing Regulations.
•
assi
sting the Board in conduct of the Company's affairs
and compliance with corporate governance requirements,
and best practices.
Besides ensuring compliance with the relevant statutory and 
regulatory requirements, the Company Secretary also acts 
as a formalised link between the Board, Management and 
external stakeholders.
DETAILS OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
a. List of Senior Management Personnel
S. No Name Designation
1. Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Non-Executive Director
2. Viveksheel Ghai Executive Vice President - Enterprise commercial solutions of our 
Material subsidiary, Indegene, Inc.
3. Anand Kiran Prafula Chandra Nijegal Executive Vice President – Global operations
4. Gaurav Kapoor Executive Vice President of our Material subsidiary, Indegene, Inc.
5. Sameer Lal Executive Vice President - Enterprise Medical of our Material 
Subsidiary, Indegene, Inc.
b. Changes in Senior Management Personnel during the financial y
ear
 The
re were no changes in Senior Management Personnel during the financial year 2025-26.
 As p
er Listing Regulations, Senior Management has been identified by Nomination & Remuneration Committee and basis
same, any changes (appointment, resignation & change in role) in the Senior Management, shall be disclosed to Stock
Exchanges and also will be available on our website.
Tech Interventions: Web based application/ tool
Application for circulating Agendas Statutory Compliance Monitoring Tool
The Company utilises a secure digital board 
governance platform for the preparation 
and circulation of meeting agendas and 
related board papers. The platform provides 
a centralised and user-friendly interface for 
scheduling meetings, creating and managing 
agenda items, and securely distributing 
confidential documents to Directors. It 
enables real-time access to meeting materials 
from any location and an approved device, 
facilitating seamless communication and 
collaboration among Board members. With 
robust security features, including encryption 
and controlled access, the system ensures 
confidentiality, version control, and efficient, 
paperless conduct of meetings, thereby 
supporting effective governance practices 
and timely decision-making.
•
The C
ompany uses a web-based Statutory
Compliance Monitoring Tool designed to
enhance and streamline the tracking of all
its statutory and legal obligations.
•
The 
tool provides a comprehensive platform
for managing compliance across various
domains, ensuring that all legal requirements 
are met timely and efficiently.
•
It p
rovides the necessary assurances to the
Board regarding the Company’s adherence
to legal requirements.
•
Thi
s tool helps the Company to effectively
navigate the complex statutory requirements
and mitigate potential risks.Matrix of skills/ expertise/ competencies of the Board of Directors: 
In terms of requirements of the Listing Regulations, the Board has identified the core skills/ expertise/ competencies of the 
Directors which are relevant to the context of Company’s business. Broadly, the skill sets identified by the Board are categorised 
as under:
In compliance with SS-1, the draft minutes of the Board & Committee meetings are circulated amongst the Directors within 
the prescribed time.
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
136 137

===== PDF PAGE 88 =====
Business administration 
/ Management advisory
Investment Banking/
Finance/Taxation
Board Skills
Expertise in healthcare solutions 
and pharmaceuticals enables 
informed decision-making in product 
development, regulatory compliance, 
market positioning, and innovation.
Expertise in Information Technology 
(“IT”) helps to leverage digital 
innovation, enhance cybersecurity, 
and drive business transformation. 
This competency ensures the effective 
adoption of emerging technologies, 
operational efficiency, and resilience in 
an increasingly digital landscape.
Expertise in business administration 
and management advisory equips 
organizational growth, enhances 
operational efficiency, and ensures 
financial sustainability. This competency 
fosters effective governance, risk 
management, and long-term value 
creation for stakeholders.
Expertise in industrial sectors 
enables effective oversight of 
manufacturing processes, supply 
chain management, operational 
efficiency, and technological 
integration. This competency supports 
strategic decision-making, enhances 
productivity, and ensures sustainable 
growth while maintaining compliance 
with industry standards and 
regulatory requirements.
Expertise in investment banking, 
finance, and taxation provides 
the financial acumen to optimize 
capital allocation, manage risks, 
and ensure regulatory compliance. 
This competency is crucial for 
maintaining financial stability, driving 
strategic investment decisions, and 
maximizing shareholder value.
Expertise in the consumer 
discretionary sector facilitates 
informed decision-making in market 
positioning, customer engagement, 
product innovation, and demand 
management. This competency 
strengthens brand value, drives 
revenue growth, and enables 
organizations to respond effectively 
to evolving consumer preferences 
and market dynamics.
In the table below, the specific areas of focus and expertise of individual Board Members have been highlighted. However, absence 
of a mark against a member’s name does not necessarily mean the Member does not possess any corresponding knowledge.
Details of the specific areas of focus and expertise of the individual Board members
Name of the Director Healthcare 
solutions / 
Pharmaceuticals
Business 
administration 
/ Management 
advisory
Investment 
banking / 
Finance / 
Taxation
Information 
Technology
Industrial Consumer 
Discretionary
Mr. Manish Gupta   -  - -
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh   -  - -
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair   -  - -
Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga   -  - -
Dr. Ashish Gupta  - -  - 
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare - -    -
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya 
Rao
 -   - -
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala 
Tenneti
 -   - 
Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou 
Papathomas
 -   - -
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj   -  - -
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone     - -
Healthcare solutions/
Pharmaceuticals
Information Technology Industrial Consumer Discretionary
Board Diversity
The Company acknowledges and accepts the significance 
of diverse representation on the Board for better decision- 
making and its growth and success. It believes that a diverse 
Board composition will be able to assess issues through a 
broader lens, through differences in ideas, points-of-view, 
global experience, cultural and geographical background, age, 
ethnicity, gender, knowledge and skills.
The Board Diversity Policy adopted by the Board sets out its 
approach to diversity. The policy is available on our website, 
at Policy on Board Diversity
Independent Directors
The term Independent Directors is defined under Section 
149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16 of the Listing Regulations. 
The Company has received requisite declarations from all 
the Independent Directors of the Company confirming that 
they meet the criteria of independence prescribed under 
Section 149(6) of the Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 
and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. Further, 
the Independent Directors have also confirmed that they 
are not aware of any circumstance or situation that exists or 
may be reasonably anticipated that could impair or impact 
their ability to discharge their duties with an objective 
independent judgment and without any external influence. 
The Board affirms that the Company’s Independent Directors 
meet the criteria prescribed under Schedule V of the Listing 
Regulations and remain independent from the management, 
based on the following:
•
Ann
ual declarations submitted by the Independent
Directors pursuant to Regulation 25(8) of the Listing
Regulations, confirming their compliance with the
independence criteria.
•
A ce
rtificate issued by Madhwesh K, Practising Company
Secretary, under Regulation 25(9) of the Listing
Regulations, validating the authenticity and accuracy of
the declarations received.
Additionally, the Independent Directors have confirmed 
their registration with the Independent Directors’ Database 
maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. The 
Company issues a formal letter of appointment at the time of 
each Independent Director’s appointment or re-appointment.
As of 31 March 2026, the Board comprises 7 (seven) 
Independent Directors.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
Audit 
Committee
Stakeholders 
Relationship 
Committee
Investment 
Committee 
Risk 
Management 
Committee
Nomination and 
Remuneration 
Committee
Corporate Social 
Responsibility 
Committee
Board 
Committees
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
138 139

===== PDF PAGE 89 =====
As on 31 March 2026, the Board has constituted the following Committees:
The Board Committees play a crucial role in the governance 
structure of the Company and have been constituted 
to deal with specific areas/activities as mandated by 
applicable regulations, which concern the Company and 
need a closer review. The committees of the Board are 
guided by their respective charter/terms of reference, which 
outline their composition, scope, power, duties/functions 
and responsibilities.
Basis recommendations, suggestions and observations made 
by these committees, the Board of Directors take an informed 
decision on the matters under their consideration.
The Chairperson of the respective Committees update 
the Board of Directors on the deliberations during the 
Committee meetings.
BOARD COMMITTEES
AUDIT 
COMMITTEE
RISK MANAGEMENT 
COMMITTEE
STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP 
COMMITTEE
Mr. Krishnamurthy 
Venugopala Tenneti
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare Mr. Manish Gupta Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare
NOMINATION AND 
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
CORPORATE SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
INVESTMENT 
COMMITTEE
Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga Mr. Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Dr. Ashish Gupta
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga
Dr. Ashish Gupta Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga
Mr. Krishnamurthy 
Venugopala Tenneti Mr. Manish Gupta Mr. Krishnamurthy 
Venugopala Tenneti
Chairperson Member
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare
The composition of certain Board Committees was revised at the Board Meeting held on 15 July 2026.
Audit Committee
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare
Chairperson
Independent Director
75%
of Independent Directors
3 out of 4 Members 
have 100% attendance
The Audit Committee (“AC”) meets the criteria laid down under Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations.
As on 31 March 2026, the AC comprises of three Independent Directors and one Executive Director. All the Members of the 
AC are financially literate and have relevant expertise in finance, risk management and governance.
S. No Date of meeting Total no. of Directors 
in the AC as on date 
of the meeting
Total no. of 
Directors present
Total no. of 
Independent 
Directors present
Presence of 
Quorum (Yes/No)
1. 28 April 2025 4 3 3 Yes
2. 29 July 2025 4 4 3 Yes
3. 29 October 2025 4 4 3 Yes
4. 28 January 2026 4 3 3 Yes
5. 18 March 2026 4 3 3 Yes
Details of attendance of the Directors at the meetings of AC, are as under
Name of the Director Category Position in the 
Committee
No. of meetings 
held in FY 2025-
26 during the 
tenure of the 
Director
No. of meetings 
attended
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare Non-Executive Independent 
Director Chairperson 5 5
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Executive Director Member 5 2
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya 
Rao
Non-Executive Independent 
Director Member 5 5
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala 
Tenneti
Non-Executive Independent 
Director Member 5 5
Terms of reference
The Company is listed on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”). Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) mandate that listed companies adopt an appropriate Audit Committee Charter. The AC is guided by the 
Charter adopted by the Board, available on the Company’s website, at Terms of  Reference
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
140 141

===== PDF PAGE 90 =====
Key Terms of Reference of the AC are:
Activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process and disclosure of financial information to ensure 
that the financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible
Reviewing and examining with Management the quarterly and annual financial results and the Limited 
Review/Auditor’s Report thereon before submission to the Board for approval
Reviewing management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
Recommending the appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of Statutory Auditors of the 
Company and approval for payment of any other services
Reviewing and monitoring the Statutory Auditor’s independence and performance and effectiveness 
of audit process
Reviewing, approving or subsequently modifying any Related Party Transactions in accordance with 
the Related Party Transaction Policy of the Company
Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function and the findings of any internal
investigations by the internal auditors
Reviewing the utilisation of loans and/or advances from/investment in the Subsidiary exceeding ₹100 
crores or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans/advances/
investments
 Quarterly                Annually                  Periodically
Committee governance
The Committee, to carry out its responsibilities efficiently and 
transparently, relies on the Management’s financial expertise 
and that of the internal and independent auditors. The 
Management is responsible for the Company’s internal control 
over financial reporting and the financial reporting process. 
The independent auditors are responsible for performing an 
independent audit of the Company’s financial statements in 
accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles 
in India and for issuing a report based on the audit.
The meetings of the AC are also attended by the Chief Financial 
Officer, Statutory Auditors, group controller and Internal 
Auditor as special invitees. The Company Secretary acts as the 
Secretary to the Committee. The minutes of each AC meeting 
are placed in the next meeting of the Board. During the 
financial year 2025-26, some of the matters were considered 
by passing resolution(s) by circulation. All the decisions and 
recommendations made by the Committee were approved 
by requisite majority of the members of the Committee. The 
AC also meets the Internal and Statutory Auditors separately, 
without the presence of management representatives.
Nomination & Remuneration Committee 
Mr. Krishnamurthy 
Venugopala Tenneti
Chairperson
Independent Director
83.33%
of Independent Directors
4 out of 6 Members 
have 100% attendance
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) of the Board of Directors meets the criteria laid down under Section 
178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations.
As on 31 March 2026, the NRC comprises of five Independent Directors and one Non-Executive Nominee Director.
The Committee met one time during the year ended 31 March 2026. Details of NRC meetings along with presence of quorum 
are as under:
S. No Date of meeting Total no. of Directors 
in the NRC as on date 
of the meeting
Total no. of 
Directors present
Total no. of 
Independent 
Directors present
Presence of 
Quorum (Yes/No)
1. 18 March 2026 6 4 4 Yes
Details of attendance of the Directors at the meetings of the NRC, are as under
Name of the Director Category Position in the 
Committee
No. of meetings 
held in FY 2025-
26 during the 
tenure of the 
Director
No. of meetings 
attended
Mr. Krishnamurthy 
Venugopala Tenneti
Non-Executive Independent 
Director Chairperson 1 1
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya 
Rao
Non-Executive Independent 
Director Member 1 1
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj Non-Executive Independent 
Director Member 1 0
Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga Non-Executive Nominee 
Director Member 1 0
Dr. Ashish Gupta Non-Executive Independent 
Director Member 1 1
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare Non-Executive Independent 
Director Member 1 1
Terms of reference
The Committee is guided by the Charter adopted by the Board, available on the Company’s website, at Terms of  Reference
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
142 143

===== PDF PAGE 91 =====
Key Terms of Reference of the Committee are:
Activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Determine/recommend the criteria for appointment of Directors, senior management and key 
managerial personnel
Identify candidates who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed as senior 
management, or as a key managerial personnel
Evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and prepare a description of 
the role and capabilities required for independent director(s)
Review and determine all elements of remuneration package of all the executive directors, i.e. salary, 
benefits, bonuses, stock options, pension, etc.
Recommend to the Board, all remunerations, in whatever form, payable to senior management
 Quarterly  Annually  Periodically
Committee governance
The Committee overseas key processes by which the 
Company recruits new members to its Board, and the 
process by which the Company recruits, motivates and retains 
outstanding senior management as well as the Company’s 
overall approach to human resource management.
The Committee also plays the role of the compensation 
committee and is responsible for administering stock option 
schemes as applicable to the employees of the Company.
During the financial year 2025-26, some of the matters 
were considered by passing resolution(s) by circulation. The 
minutes of each of the NRC meetings are placed at the next 
meeting of the Board. All the decisions and recommendations 
made by the Committee were approved by requisite majority 
of the members of the Committee.
Board Membership criteria
The NRC identifies and recommends to the Board, suitable 
candidates for the position of Director. The NRC considers 
attendance, participation, contribution and involvement of 
the Director in discharging their functions and in Company’s 
strategic matters during the Board/ Committee meetings, 
while recommending their re-appointment.
The NRC ensures that the Board of Directors has an optimum 
composition of Directors with diversity of thought, knowledge, 
perspective, age, gender, expertise and skill, which would 
help the Company in attainment of its objectives.
Additionally, for appointment or re-appointment of an 
Independent Director, the NRC ensures that the candidate 
fulfils the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Act 
and the Listing Regulations, including independence from the 
management, at the time of giving its recommendation to the 
Board. The terms & conditions of appointment of Independent 
Directors is available on the Company’s website at Terms and 
Conditions of Independent  Directors
Performance evaluation of Board Members
During the year, the Company conducted the Board evaluation exercise for the second time, through an external independent 
agency. The evaluation was carried out through a structured and comprehensive process, which included circulation of detailed 
questionnaires and evaluation templates covering various aspects such as Board composition and structure, effectiveness of 
Board processes, adequacy and timeliness of information flow, and overall functioning of the Board.
The Company has carried out the annual performance evaluation of the Board, its Committees and individual Directors in 
accordance with the Policy and applicable regulatory requirements. While ensuring full compliance with the prescribed criteria, 
the Company has, as a matter of good governance, adopted a more comprehensive and structured evaluation approach, including 
multi-level assessment, use of quantitative scoring and benchmarking, and detailed qualitative feedback with a forward-looking 
strategic perspective. These practices demonstrate the Company’s commitment to going beyond the requirements of the Policy 
and strengthening overall Board effectiveness and governance standards.
The evaluation parameters and the process have been explained in the “Policy For Evaluation of The Performance of The Board 
of Directors” available on our website Policy for Evaluation of The Performance of The Board of Directors
Remuneration of Directors
Remuneration of Directors is based on various factors such as the size, global presence, economic & financial position of the 
Company and their participation in the Board/Committee meetings. Basis these factors, remuneration payable to the Directors 
is recommended by the NRC to the Board. Remuneration of executive directors includes base salary and perquisite amount. 
Independent Directors are entitled to sitting fees, reimbursement of expenses incurred to participate in Board/Committee 
meetings and commission on profit.
Details of remuneration paid/payable to Directors for financial year 2025 -26, are as under:
Executive Directors
Name of the Director Gross Salary Perquisite amount Total Gross salary
Mr. Manish Gupta 3,52,02,700 12,49,800 3,64,52,500
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh 2,24,56,289 6,18,267 2,30,74,556
Parameters 
covered in the 
evaluation 
process
Attendance at meetings of the 
Board and Committees thereof
Review of risk assessment and 
risk mitigation
Participation in Board Meetings 
or Committee thereof
Review of financial statements, 
business performance
Contribution to strategic 
decision making
Contribution to the enhancement of 
brand image of the Company
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
144 145

===== PDF PAGE 92 =====
Non-Executive Directors
Name of the Director Designation Commission Sitting Fees
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Non- executive Director Nil Nil
Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga Non- executive Nominee Director Nil Nil
Dr. Ashish Gupta Non- executive Independent Director 1,00,00,000 3,50,000
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare Non- executive Independent Director 50,00,000 6,00,000
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao Non- executive Independent Director 50,00,000 7,00,000
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti Non- executive Independent Director 50,00,000 6,50,000
Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou Papathomas Non- executive Independent Director 1,00,00,000 2,50,000
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj Non- executive Independent Director 1,00,00,000 Nil
Ms. Jill Mary De Simone Non- executive Independent Director 1,00,00,000 50,000
Note: The commission paid to Independent Directors is stated on a gross basis, prior to the deduction of applicable taxes.
Risk Management Committee 
Mr. Manish Gupta
Chairperson
Chairman of the Board, Executive 
Director and Chief Executive Officer
25% 
of Independent Directors
4 out of 4 Members 
have 100% attendance
The Risk Management Committee (“RMC”) of the Board of Directors meets the criteria laid down under Regulation 21 of the 
Listing Regulations.
As on 31 March 2026, the RMC comprises of one independent director, one non-executive director and two executive directors.
The Committee met two times during the year ended 31 March 2026. Details of RMC meetings along with presence of quorum 
are as under:
S. No Date of meeting Total no. of Directors 
in the RMC as on 
date of the meeting
Total no. of 
Directors present
Total no. of 
Independent 
Directors present
Presence of 
Quorum (Yes/No)
1. 26 August 2025 4 4 1 Yes
2. 4 March 2026 4 4 1 Yes
Details of attendance of the Directors at the meetings of RMC, are as under:
Name of the Director Category Position in the 
Committee
No. of meetings 
held in FY 2025-26 
during the tenure 
of the Director
No. of meetings 
attended
Mr. Manish Gupta Executive Director Chairperson 2 2
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Non-Executive Director Member 2 2
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Executive Director Member 2 2
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao Non-Executive 
Independent Director Member 2 2
The Company has established a Sub Risk Committee, reporting to the Risk Management Committee, to further strengthen 
its risk governance framework and ensure effective operationalisation of Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”). The Sub Risk 
Committee is responsible for driving ERM implementation across business units, monitoring key risk indicators, maintaining the 
enterprise risk register, and providing advisory inputs on emerging risks and mitigation strategies.
Terms of reference
The detailed terms of reference /charter of the RMC form part of the Corporate Governance Policies which is available on the 
website of the Company at Terms of Reference
Key Terms of Reference of the Committee are:
Activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
To identify the internal and external risks, inter alia, financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability/ ESG, 
information, cyber security risks, legal and regulatory risks
Oversee the implementation of the Risk Management Policy and the adequacy of risk management 
systems
Ensure appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks
 Quarterly  Annually  Periodically
Committee governance
The minutes of each of the RMC meetings are placed at the next meeting of the Board. All the decisions and recommendations 
made by the Committee were approved by requisite majority of the members of the Committee.
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
Mr. Manish Gupta
Chairperson
Chairman of the Board, Executive 
Director and Chief Executive Officer
25% 
of Independent Directors
3 out of 4 Members 
have 100% attendance
The Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee of the Board of Directors meets the criteria laid down under Section 
135 of the Act.
As on 31 March 2026, the CSR Committee comprises of one independent director, one non-executive director and two 
executive directors.
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
146 147

===== PDF PAGE 93 =====
The Committee met one time during the year ended 31 March 2026. Details of CSR meeting along with presence of quorum 
is as under:
S. No Date of meeting Total no. of Directors 
in the CSR as on date 
of the meeting
Total no. of 
Directors present
Total no. of 
Independent 
Directors present
Presence of 
Quorum (Yes/No)
1. 19 January 2026 4 3 1 Yes
Details of attendance of the Directors at the meeting of CSR, is as under:
Name of the Director Category Position in the 
Committee
No. of meetings 
held in FY 2025-
26 during the 
tenure of the 
Director
No. of meetings 
attended
Mr. Manish Gupta Executive Director Chairperson 1 1
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Non-Executive Director Member 1 1
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Executive Director Member 1 0
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya 
Rao
Non-Executive Independent 
Director Member 1 1
Terms of reference
The detailed terms of reference of the CSR Committee form part of the Corporate Governance Policies which is available on 
the website of the Company at CSR  Policy
Key Terms of Reference of the Committee are:
Activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Formulate and recommend to the Board the CSR Policy and activities to be undertaken
Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on CSR activities
Formulate and review the annual action plan in pursuance of the CSR Policy
Oversee the manner of execution of projects or programmes; the modalities of utilisation of funds and 
implementation schedules for the projects/programmes
 Quarterly                Annually                  Periodically
Committee governance
The CSR Committee is responsible for identifying the areas of CSR activities, programs and execution of initiatives as per 
defined guidelines and other initiatives undertaken by the Company.
The minutes of each of the CSR Committee meetings are placed at the next meeting of the Board. All the decisions and 
recommendations made by the Committee were approved by requisite majority of the members of the Committee.
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare
Chairperson
Independent Director
33.33% 
of Independent Directors
3 out of 3 Members 
have 100% attendance
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee (“SRC”) of the Board of Directors meets the criteria laid down under Section 178 of 
the Act and Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations.
As on 31 March 2026, the SRC comprises of one independent director, one non-executive director and one executive director.
The Committee met one time during the year ended 31 March 2026. Details of SRC meeting along with presence of quorum 
is as under:
S. No Date of meeting Total no. of Directors 
in the SRC as on date 
of the meeting
Total no. of 
Directors present
Total no. of 
Independent 
Directors present
Presence of 
Quorum (Yes/No)
1. 03 March 2026 3 3 1 Yes
Details of attendance of the Directors at the meeting of SRC, is as under:
Name of the Director Category Position in the 
Committee
No. of meetings 
held in FY 2025-
26 during the 
tenure of the 
Director
No. of meetings 
attended
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare Non-Executive Independent 
Director
Chairperson 1 1
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh Executive Director Member 1 1
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Non-Executive Director Member 1 1
Terms of reference
The Committee is guided by the Charter adopted by the Board, available on the Company’s website, at Terms of  Reference
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
148 149

===== PDF PAGE 94 =====
Committee Governance
The minutes of each of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee meeting is placed at the next meeting of the Board. All the 
decisions and recommendations made by the Committee were approved by requisite majority of the members of the Committee.
Details of Investors’ Complaints
Ms. Srishti Ramesh Kaushik, is the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer, who is also responsible for ensuring expeditious 
resolution of Investors’ complaints. During the financial year 2025-26, 10 complaints were received from the Investors. All 
complaints were redressed by 31 March 2026.
Investment Committee
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti
Chairperson
Independent Director
60% 
of Independent Directors
5 out of 5 Members 
have 100% attendance
Apart from the above statutory committees, the Board has constituted an Investment Committee (“IC”) with an objective to 
focus and report to the Board on areas of strategic focus and significance for the Company.
As on 31 March 2026, the IC comprises of three independent directors and two non-executive directors.
The Committee met two times during the year ended 31 March 2026. Details of IC meetings along with presence of quorum 
are as under:
S. No Date of meeting Total no. of Directors 
in the IC as on date 
of the meeting
Total no. of 
Directors present
Total no. of 
Independent 
Directors present
Presence of 
Quorum (Yes/No)
1. 26 June 2025 5 5 3 Yes
2. 14 July 2025 5 5 3 Yes
Key Terms of Reference of the Committee are:
Activities of the Committee during the year Frequency
Consider and resolve the grievances of shareholders
Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the Company in respect of various services 
being rendered by its Registrar & Share Transfer Agent
Make recommendations to improve investor service levels for the investors
Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of 
unpaid dividend
 Quarterly  Annually  Periodically
Details of attendance of the Directors at the meetings of the IC, are as under:
Name of the Director Category Position in the 
Committee
No. of meetings 
held in FY 2025-
26 during the 
tenure of the 
Director
No. of meetings 
attended
Mr. Krishnamurthy 
Venugopala Tenneti
Non-Executive Independent 
Director Chairperson 2 2
Dr. Ashish Gupta Non-Executive Independent 
Director Member 2 2
Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga Non-Executive Director Member 2 2
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj Non-Executive Independent 
Director Member 2 2
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair Non-Executive Director Member 2 2
Terms of reference
The terms of reference of the Investment Committee, inter alia, include reviewing and evaluating proposals for investment 
(including acquisitions), divestments, strategic alliances/technological tie-ups, large projects requiring capital expenditure based 
on strategic plans of the Company or its subsidiaries, and making appropriate recommendations to the Board of the Company.
It is also responsible for reviewing the post-transaction completion and integration processes and reviewing if the status is in 
line with the plans for acquisitions/strategical alliances/technological tie-ups.
The minutes of each of the IC meetings are placed at the next meeting of the Board. All the decisions and recommendations 
made by the Committee were approved by requisite majority of the members of the Committee.
COMPANY POLICIES AND GOVERNANCE DISCLOSURES
PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING
The Company has adopted a code of conduct in compliance 
with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition 
of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 to regulate, monitor and 
report trading in shares of the Company by the Designated 
Person(s)/and their immediate relatives. Pursuant to the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) (Amendment) Regulations, 2020, structured digital 
database of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (“UPSI”) 
is maintained with adequate internal controls. During the year, 
the Code of Conduct (“the Code”) and Code of Practices and 
Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive 
Information was amended. 
Ms. Srishti Ramesh Kaushik, Company Secretary is the 
Compliance Officer under the Code.
The Company’s Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair 
Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information 
is available on the Company’s website Code of Conduct 
for Prevention of Insider Trading and Code of practices 
and procedures for fair disclosure of unpublished price 
sensitive information
COMPANY LOCATIONS IN INDIA AND FOREIGN 
COUNTRY
The Company has offices in India and overseas. Address of 
the offices is hosted on the Company’s website under Global 
presence section: Contact  Us
DISCLOSURES
Policy on dealing with related party transactions 
and disclosure of materially significant related party 
transactions
The Board has approved a policy for related party transactions, 
which is hosted on the Company’s website: Policy on 
Materiality of Related Party Transactions and Dealing with 
Related Party  Transactions
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
150 151

===== PDF PAGE 95 =====
During the year under review, there were no related party 
transactions which had a potential conflict with the interests 
of the Company at large. All related party transactions during 
the financial year were in the ordinary course of business of the 
Company and on arm’s length terms. Prior approval of Audit 
Committee was sought for all the related party transactions.
Details of non-compliance by the Company and/or penalties 
& strictures imposed on the Company by stock exchanges 
or SEBI or any statutory authority, on any matter related to 
capital markets during the last three years.
There is no instance of non-compliance by the Company 
or penalty and/or stricture imposed on the Company by 
stock exchanges or SEBI or any statutory authority, on any 
matter related to capital market, during the last three years. 
There is no non-compliance of any requirement of Corporate 
Governance Report as prescribed under sub-para (2) to (10) 
of Part C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations.
Whistleblower Policy
The Company’s Whistleblower Policy meets the requirement 
of the vigil mechanism framework prescribed under the Act 
and the Listing Regulations. The Whistleblower Policy is 
hosted on the Company’s website, Whistle Blower Policy  
The Policy aims to provide an appropriate platform and 
protection to whistleblowers to report instances of any actual 
or suspected incidents of unethical practices, violation of 
applicable laws and regulations including without limitation 
the Code. The Policy also provides for adequate safeguards 
against victimization of the whistleblower. The Company 
investigates complaints speedily, confidentially and in an 
impartial manner, and takes appropriate action to ensure that 
the requisite standards of professional and ethical conduct 
are maintained. All employees and Directors have access to 
Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee 
reviews on a quarterly basis, the complaints received under 
the vigil mechanism. For more information, please refer to the 
Board’s Report.
Disclosures under the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013
The Company is committed to creating a safe and healthy 
work environment, where every employee is treated with 
respect and is able to work without fear of discrimination, 
prejudice, gender bias or any form of harassment at the 
workplace. Indegene has in place a Prevention of Sexual 
Harassment Policy in accordance with the requirements of 
the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules 
thereunder. The policy is hosted on the Company’s website, 
Prevention of Sexual Harassment Policy. The policy is gender 
neutral and the essence of the policy is communicated to 
all employees at regular intervals through assimilation and 
awareness programs. Details of complaints handled under 
the abovementioned policy are as follows:
Particulars Number of 
complaints
Number of complaints pending at the 
beginning of financial year 2025-26 0
Number of complaints filed during financial 
year 2025-26 1
Number of complaints disposed off during 
financial year 2025-26 1
Number of complaints pending as at end of 
financial year 2025-26 0
For more details refer Board’s Report section of this 
Annual Report.
Policy for determining material subsidiaries
The Company has formulated a policy for determining 
material subsidiaries in terms of Regulation 16 of the Listing 
Regulations. This Policy is hosted on the Company’s website: 
Policy for Determining Material  Subsidiaries
The Audit Committee and Board reviews the financial 
statements and significant transactions of the subsidiaries.
Details of material subsidiaries of the Company, including 
the date and place of incorporation and the name and 
date of appointment of the statutory auditors of such 
subsidiaries.
During financial year 2025-26, Indegene, Inc. was identified 
as the Company’s material subsidiary.
Name of 
the material 
subsidiary 
and nature of 
relationship
Date and place of 
incorporation
Name and date of 
appointment of 
the auditors*
Indegdene, Inc., 
wholly owned 
subsidiary*
Delaware, 
26 May 1999 NA
* The appointment of a Statutory Auditor is not mandatory under
t
he laws of United States of America, where the material subsidiary
is incorporated.
Disclosure of loans and advances in the nature of loans to 
firms/companies in which directors are interested along 
with name and amount.
During financial year 2025-26, no loan or advance was given 
to any firm/company in which Directors are interested.
Code of Conduct
The Company has framed a Code of Conduct for the Board 
members and Senior Management which is hosted on the 
Company’s website: Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior 
Management Personnel. All Directors and Senior Management 
Personnel have affirmed compliance with the above Code for 
the financial year ended 31 March 2026. A declaration signed 
by CEO affirming compliance with the Code is annexed as 
Annexure – 1 to this Report.
Other Disclosures
The Company has complied with the requirements under 
Regulations 17 to 27 and clause (b) to (i) of sub-regulation 
(2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations.
CREDIT RATING
The Company has neither issued any debt instruments nor 
undertaken any fixed deposit program or any scheme or 
proposal involving mobilization of funds, whether in India or 
abroad. Hence, credit rating is not applicable for the financial 
year 2025-26.
DISCRETIONARY REQUIREMENTS AS PRESCRIBED 
IN PART E OF SCHEDULE II OF THE LISTING 
REGULATIONS
The Company has complied with all the mandatory 
requirements of the Listing Regulations. The Company has 
also adopted the following discretionary requirements as 
provided in the Listing Regulations (out of the requirements 
under Part E of Schedule II of Listing Regulations):
•
The C
hairman of the Board is an Executive Director of
the Company.
• The I
nternal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.
• The f
inancial statements of the Company are with
unmodified audit opinion.
• The C
ompany has managed the Foreign Exchange risk
with appropriate hedging activities in accordance with
the policies of the Company. The Company used Forward
Exchange Contracts to hedge against its Foreign Currency 
exposures relating to firm commitments. There were no
materially uncovered exchange rate risks in the context of
the Company’s Foreign Exchange exposures.
•
The C
ompany has followed all relevant Accounting
Standards notified by the Companies (Indian Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2015 while preparing Financial
Statements for the year 2025-26.
•
Part
iculars of Directors seeking appointment / re-
appointment at the ensuing Annual General Meeting have
been provided in the Notice of the Annual General Meeting.
•
Tot
al fees for all services paid by the Company and its
subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the statutory
auditor and all entities in the network firm/network entity
of which the statutory auditor is a part, is given below
•
Pay
ment to Statutory Auditor: ₹16.5mn
• The C
ompany being a user of no commodities there is no
exposure to commodity price risk.
DISCLOSURE OF CERTAIN TYPES OF AGREEMENTS 
BINDING LISTED ENTITIES
During the financial year 2024-25, the Company had disclosed 
certain agreements pursuant to the applicable provisions of 
the Listing Regulations.
In accordance with the terms of such agreements, the same 
stood automatically terminated upon the commencement 
of listing and trading of the equity shares of the Company 
pursuant to its Initial Public Offering.
Accordingly, there are no subsisting agreements as on date 
that require disclosure under the aforesaid provisions.
Other subsisting material agreements
There are no other subsisting material agreements including 
with strategic partners, joint venture partners and/or financial 
partners, entered into by the Company, other than in the 
ordinary course of business of the Company.
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
152 153

===== PDF PAGE 96 =====
AFFIRMATIONS, COMPLIANCE AND CERTIFICATIONS
SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION AND INVESTOR INTERFACE
CEO & CFO Certificate
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 17(8) of the 
Listing Regulations, certificate of CEO and CFO in relation to 
the financial statements for the year ended 31 March 2026, 
is annexed as Annexure – 2  to this Report.
Practicing Company Secretary’s certificate on non-
disqualification of Directors
A certificate has been issued by Madhwesh K, Company 
Secretary in practice, confirming that none of the Directors 
of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from 
being appointed or continuing as Director by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
or any such statutory authority. The certificate is annexed as 
Annexure – 3 to this Report.
Disclosure on acceptance of recommendations made by 
Board Committees to the Board
During financial year 2025-26, recommendations made by the 
Board Committees to the Board of Directors, were accepted 
by the Board after due deliberations.
Certificate of compliance by Secretarial Auditor
In terms of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, the cer tificate 
of compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance issued 
by Secretarial Auditor is annexed as Annexure – 4  to 
this Report.
General Body Meetings 
Details of last three Annual General Meetings (“AGM”) along with particulars of Special Resolution(s) passed by members of 
the Company in the said meetings, are as under:
Details of AGM
Financial 
Year
Venue of AGM Date and Time Special Resolution(s)
2022-23
25th AGM
Held through video 
conferencing / other audiovisual 
means in terms of MCA 
Circulars
07 July 2023 
at 1630 hrs
i)
 To terminate The Employ
ee Stock Option Plan,
2007
ii)  To terminate The Employ
ee Restricted Stock
Unit Plan, 2015
2023-24
26th AGM
Held through video 
conferencing / other audiovisual 
means in terms of MCA 
Circulars
06 September 2024
at 1630 hrs
i)
 To ratif
y the Indegene Limited Employee
Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP 2020“/”Plan”)
including The Indegene Limited Company Share
Option CSOP 2022 (“CSOP Sub-Plan”) for
Indegene Limited.
ii)
 To ratif
y the Indegene Limited Employee
Stock Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP 2020“/”Plan”)
including the Indegene Limited Company Share
Option CSOP 2022 (“CSOP Sub-Plan”) for the
subsidiaries of Indegene Limited
iii)
 To ratif
y the Indegene Employee Restricted
Stock Unit Plan 2020 (“RSU 2020”/”Plan”) for
Indegene Limited.
Financial 
Year
Venue of AGM Date and Time Special Resolution(s)
iv)
 To ratif
y the Indegene Employee Restricted
Stock Unit Plan 2020 (“RSU 2020”/”Plan”) for
the subsidiaries of Indegene Limited
v)
 Appointment of Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala
T
enneti as an Independent Director
vi)  Granting nomination rights to specific
shareholder
s
2024-25
27th AGM
Held through video 
conferencing / other 
audiovisual means in terms 
of MCA Circulars
26 June 2025
at 1630 hrs
i)
 Appointment of Madhwesh Prathap and
A
 ssociates, as Secretarial Auditors of the
Company
ii)  Approv
al of Continuation of Directorship of
Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou Papathomas (DIN:
09734940), Independent Director in terms
of Regulation 17(1a) of The Securities and
Exchange Board Of India (Listing Obligations
And Disclosure Requirements), Regulations,
2015
iii)
 Re-Appointment of Dr
. Georgia Nikolakopoulou
Papathomas (DIN: 09734940) as an
Independent Director
Details of EGM
Financial 
Year
Venue of AGM Date and Time Special Resolution(s)
2022-23 Held through video conferencing / other 
audiovisual means in terms of MCA 
Circulars
01 July 2022
at 1730 hours
i)
 To appro
ve reclassification of authorised share
capital of the Company and consequential
amendment to clause V of the Memorandum of
Association of Company
ii)
 To appro
ve issue of bonus shares
iii)  To appoint Mr. Jair
aj Manohar Purandare as an
Independent Director
iv)  To appoint Dr. Ashish Gupta as an Independent
Dir
ector
v)  To appoint Mr. P
ravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao as
an Independent Director
Held through video conferencing / other 
audiovisual means in terms of MCA 
Circulars
07 November 
2022
at 1730 hours
i)
 To appoint Dr. Geor
gia Nikolakopoulou
Papathomas as an Independent Director
ii)  To conver
t from private limited company to
public limited company and consequential
amendment of clause I of Memorandum of
Association of the Company.
iii)
 To appro
ve reclassification of authorised share
capital of the Company and consequential
amendment to Clause V of the Memorandum of
Association of Company
iv)
 To adopt new Ar
ticles of Association
v)  Increase in inves
tment limits for Non-Resident
Indians and Overseas Citizens of India
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
154 155

===== PDF PAGE 97 =====
Financial 
Year
Venue of AGM Date and Time Special Resolution(s)
Held through video conferencing / other 
audiovisual means in terms of MCA 
Circulars
28 November 
2022
at 1730 hours
i)
  Appro
ving continuation of directorship of 
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti, 
Director in terms of Regulation 17(1a) of The 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
2015
ii)
  To incr
ease the limits w.r.t overall managerial 
remuneration
iii)  Appro
ving the Initial Public Offer of equity 
shares of the company
iv)  To amend the Indegene Limited Emplo
yee Stock 
Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP Scheme”/”Plan”) 
including adoption of the Indegene Limited 
Company Share Option Plan 2022 (“CSOP Sub-
Plan”)
v)
  To amend the Indegene Limited Res
tricted 
Stock Unit Plan 2020 (“RSU 2020”/”Plan”)
2023-24 Held through video conferencing / other 
audiovisual means in terms of MCA 
Circulars
27 March 2024
at 1730 hours
i)
  To adopt the amended se
t of Articles of 
Association of the Company
Approval by Members through Postal Ballot
During the year under review, in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act, Listing Regulations and relevant circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, three postal ballots were conducted, details whereof are as under -
Postal Ballot – April 2025
Date of Postal Ballot Notice: 13 March 2025
Voting Period: Wednesday, 19 March 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) until Thursday, 17 April 2025 at 5:00 p.m. (IST)
Date of Approval: 17 April 2025
Date of Declaration of Result: 18 April 2025
S. 
No.
Particulars of the Resolution Total 
number of 
votes cast
No. of votes 
cast as 
assent
% of 
votes cast 
as assent
No. of 
votes cast 
as dissent
% of 
votes cast 
as dissent
No. of votes 
considered 
Invalid
1 Re-appointment of Mr. Jairaj Manohar 
Purandare (DIN: 00159886) as 
Independent Director and increase in 
Commission payable to the Director
20,53,72,720 20,33,76,254 99.03 19,96,466 0.97 Nil
2 Re-appointment of Dr. Ashish Gupta 
(DIN: 00521511) as Independent 
Director and increase in Commission 
payable to the Director
20,53,72,650 19,85,98,274 96.70 67,74,376 3.30 Nil
3 Re-appointment of Pravin Udhyavara 
Bhadya Rao (DIN: 06782450) as 
Independent Director and increase in 
Commission payable to the Director
20,53,72,650 20,49,19,807 99.78 4,52,843 0.22 Nil
4 Increase in Commission payable 
to Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala 
Tenneti (DIN: 01338477), 
Independent Director
20,53,72,584 20,37,23,560 99.20 16,49,024 0.80 Nil
The results of the above Postal Ballot activity were submitted to the Stock Exchanges on 18 April 2025 upon receipt of the 
report of Mr. Madhwesh K (Membership No. A21477, CP No. 10897), Practicing Company Secretary, the Scrutinizer appointed 
for the above purpose.
Postal Ballot – August 2025
Date of Postal Ballot Notice: 11 July 2025
Voting Period: Monday, 14 July 2025, at 9:00 a.m. (IST) until Tuesday, 12 August 2025, at 5:00 p.m. (IST)
Date of Approval:  12 August 2025
Date of Declaration of Result: 12 August 2025
S. 
No.
Particulars of the 
Resolution
Total 
number of 
votes cast
No. of 
votes cast 
as assent
% of 
votes cast 
as assent
No. of 
votes cast 
as dissent
% of 
votes cast 
as dissent
No. of votes 
considered 
Invalid
% of votes 
considered 
Invalid
1 Approval of Variation in 
Utilization of Initial Public 
Offering (“IPO”) Proceeds
9,24,87,493 8,99,95,951 97.3061% 6,817 0.0074% 24,84,725 2.6866%
The results of the above Postal Ballot activity were submitted to the Stock Exchanges on August 13, 2025 upon receipt of the 
report of Mr. Madhwesh K (Membership No. A21477, CP No. 10897), Practicing Company Secretary, the Scrutinizer appointed 
for the above purpose.
Postal Ballot – January 2026
Date of Postal Ballot Notice: 22 December 2025
Voting Period: Thursday, 25 December 2025, at 9:00 a.m. (IST) until Friday, 23 January 2026, at 5:00 p.m. (IST)
Date of Approval:  23 January 2026
Date of Declaration of Result: 23 January 2026
S. 
No.
Particulars of the 
Resolution
Total 
number of 
votes cast
No. of votes 
cast as 
assent
% of 
votes cast 
as assent
No. of 
votes cast 
as dissent
% of 
votes cast 
as dissent
No. of votes 
considered 
Invalid
% of votes 
considered 
Invalid
1 Appointment of Mr. 
Neeraj Bharadwaj 
(DIN: 01314963) as an 
Independent Director
18,65,38,018 18,44,82,688 98.8982% 5,47,153 0.2933% 15,08,177 0.8085%
The results of the above Postal Ballot activity were submitted to the Stock Exchanges on January 23 2026 upon receipt of the 
report of Mr. Madhwesh K (Membership No. A21477, CP No. 10897), Practicing Company Secretary, the Scrutinizer appointed 
for the above purpose.
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
156 157

===== PDF PAGE 98 =====
Means of Communication
Effective communication of information is an essential component of Corporate Governance. It is a process of sharing information, 
ideas, thoughts, opinions and plans with all stakeholders which promotes management-shareholder relations. The Company 
regularly interacts with Shareholders through multiple channels of communication such as:
The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results (both standalone and consolidated) are 
submitted to the stock exchanges on their respective web portals i.e. NSE Electronic Application 
Processing System (“NEAPS”) and BSE Listing Center within the prescribed timelines. These 
results are also published in the newspapers, which include The Financial Express and 
Vishwavani, local newspaper. Simultaneously, the results are also hosted on the Company’s 
website: Investor Relations
Annual Report containing, inter alia, the Report of Board of Directors, Corporate Governance 
Report, Additional Shareholder’s Information, the Business Responsibility and Sustainability 
Report, Management’s Discussion and Analysis (“MD&A”), audited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Statements together with Auditor’s Report and other important information are 
circulated to the Shareholders. The Annual Report is also available on the website of the Company 
in a downloadable form.
All relevant information and matters that are material to Shareholders are disclosed to the 
respective Stock Exchanges where the securities of the Company are listed i.e. BSE Limited and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The Quarterly Results, quarterly reporting required 
under Listing Regulations and all other corporate communications to the Stock Exchanges are filed 
through BSE Listing Centre and NEAPS for dissemination on their respective websites. The stock 
exchange filings are also made available on the website of the Company at Investor  Relations
Official Press/ news release by the Company is filed with the stock exchanges and also hosted 
on the Company’s website: Investor  Relations
The schedule of analyst/institutional investors’ meetings and presentations made, if any, in these 
meetings/events are filed with the stock exchanges and hosted on the Company’s website: 
Investor Relations
The ‘Investors’ section of Company’s website hosts shareholder’s related information. Besides 
the mandatory documents required to be uploaded on the Company’s website under the Listing 
Regulations, details of earnings call, presentations, press releases, factsheets and quarterly 
reports are also hosted on the website: Investor  Relations
At the AGM, the Shareholders also interact with the Board and the Management.
Results 
Announcements
Annual Report
Stock Exchanges
Press Releases
Analysts 
Presentation/ 
Investor Call
Company’s 
Website
Annual General 
Meeting
Designated 
Email Ids
SEBI and Stock 
Exchanges’ Investor 
Grievance Redressal 
System
Disclosure of 
Material Events
For grievance redressal and other 
relevant details
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
investor.grievance@indegene.com
For the purpose of determination of 
materiality of events or information, 
contact details of KMP
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
compliance.officer@indegene.com
For queries related to shares/dividends
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
compliance.officer@indegene.com
For Investor matters
Abhishek Agarwal
Head – Investor Relations
IR@Indegene.com
SCORES platform of SEBI, ‘Investor Complaints’ sections of BSE and NSE websites facilitate 
investors to file complaints online and get end-to-end status update of their grievances. The 
Company endeavours to redress the grievances of the Investors as soon as it receives the same 
from the respective forums.
The Company has adopted a Policy on Determination of Materiality of events as required under 
Listing Regulations.
Corporate Identity Number (CIN)
The Corporate Identity Number (CIN), allotted by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India is 
L73100KA1998PLC102040. The Company is registered under the State of Karnataka, India.
GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INFORMATION
28th Annual General Meeting
Day and Date Time Venue
Thursday, 
13 August 2026
1630 hours In compliance with General Circular No. 09/2024 dated 19 September 2024, 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/ 
HO/ CFD/ CFDPoD-2/ P/ CIR/ 2024/ 133 dated 3 October 2024, AGM will be 
conducted through Video Conference (“VC”)/Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”). 
Accordingly, there is no requirement to have a venue for the AGM. 
For the purpose of compliance of Section 96 of the Act, the registered office of the 
Company i.e., Aspen Block G4, 3
rd Floor Manyata Embassy Business Park, Outer 
Ring Road, Nagawara, Bengaluru - 560 045 shall be deemed to be the venue of 
the AGM.
Financial year of the Company
The Company follows April to March as the financial year i.e from 1
st April of every year to 31st March next year.
Final Dividend
The Board of Directors have recommended final dividend of ₹ 2.25/- per equity share of face value of ₹ 2/- each, for approval 
of members at the 28
th AGM. The final dividend, if approved by the members, would be paid within 30 days from the date of 
the 28th AGM.
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
158 159

===== PDF PAGE 99 =====
The Company shall deduct tax at source (“TDS”) at the rates prescribed under the Income Tax Act, 2025, from the dividend 
to be paid to the members. For more details, refer to the ‘TDS Instructions on Dividend Distribution’ which forms part of the 
Notice convening the 28
th AGM.
Listing of Equity Shares on Stock Exchanges & ISIN
Equity Shares of the Company are listed on the following stock exchanges:
Name of Stock 
Exchanges
Address of Stock Exchanges Stock Code/ Symbol
National Stock Exchange 
of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai 
400 051
INDGN
BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai 400001 544172
The ISIN of the Company is INE065X01017.
Stock Market Data for financial year 2025-26
The monthly high and low prices and volumes of shares of the Company at BSE and NSE for the year ended 31 March 2026 
are as under:
S.No NSE BSE Total Volume
High Low Volume(A) High Low Volume(B) (A+B)
April 2025 587.95 505.00 49,99,821 589.9 485.15 3,18,007 53,17,828.00
May 2025 622.00 529.00 46,99,183 621 529.2 2,15,716 49,14,899.00
June 2025 623.90 564.30 6,24,18,593 632.1 564.05 60,91,695 6,85,10,288.00
July 2025 586.00 534.20 87,78,183 586.5 534.15 3,95,922 91,74,105.00
Aug 2025 593.40 539.75 1,29,71,119 593 539.75 6,19,234 1,35,90,353.00
Sept 2025 596.80 536.00 76,61,604 596.5 535.75 4,42,332 81,03,936.00
Oct 2025 587.30 531.00 84,90,493 587.9 531.2 3,00,567 87,91,060.00
Nov 2025 544.75 502.80 47,21,540 543.65 503 3,03,755 50,25,295.00
Dec 2025 544.00 513.85 45,48,775 548 514 1,98,269 47,47,044.00
Jan 2026 526.60 455.60 44,59,990 526.35 455.8 2,03,741 46,63,731.00
Feb 2026 511.75 460.50 92,15,426 511 461 8,62,498 1,00,77,924.00
Mar 2026 488.00 414.00 85,89,577 488.15 414.9 37,69,492 1,23,59,069.00
Comparison of performance of Indegene’s share vis-à-vis NIFTY 50 and BSE SENSEX
Note: Indegene share price and NIFTY 50 values as on 01 April 2025 have been baselined to 100.
Indegene Share Price versus the NSE Nifty 50 index
140
130
120
110
100
90
80
70
60 Apr-25 May-25 Jun-25 Jul-25 Aug-25 Sep-25 Oct-25 Nov-25 Dec-25 Jan-26 Feb-26 Mar-26
NIFTY 50 Indegene
Note: Indegene share price and Sensex values as on 01 April 2025 have been baselined to 100.
Distribution of Shareholding as on 31 March 2026
No. of Equity Shares held No. of Shareholders Shareholders (%) No. of shares Shares (%)
Upto 500 1,36,481 94.7962 88,83,202 3.6875
501-1000 3,864 2.6838 28,94,804 1.2017
1001-2000 1,879 1.3051 27,40,661 1.1377
2001-3000 608 0.4223 15,39,683 0.6391
3001-4000 271 0.1882 9,53,987 0.3960
4001-5000 185 0.1285 8,59,029 0.3566
5001-10000 285 0.198 20,74,236 0.8610
10001 & Above 400 0.2778 22,09,55,752 91.7204
Total 1,43,973 100 24,09,01,354 100
Categories of Shareholders as on 31 March 2026
Category No. of equity 
shares held
% of 
shareholding
Body Corporate - Promoter Company Nil NA
Clearing Members 67,000 0.0278
Other Bodies Corporate 1,41,38,521 5.869
Foreign Company 8,09,87,024 33.6183
Hindu Undivided Family 9,36,271 0.3887
Mutual Funds 1,13,18,585 4.6984
Foreign Nationals 11,80,719 0.4901
Non-Resident Indians 30,83,546 1.28
Non-Resident (Non Repatriable) 80,73,240 3.3513
Public 3,02,65,293 12.5634
Trusts 3,73,863 0.1552
Independent Director 2,13,334 0.0886
Insurance Companies 29,817 0.0124
140
130
120
110
100
90
80
70
60 Apr-25 May-25 Jun-25 Jul-25 Aug-25 Sep-25 Oct-25 Nov-25 Dec-25 Jan-26 Feb-26 Mar-26
SensexIndegene
Indegene Share Price versus the BSE Sensex
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
160 161

===== PDF PAGE 100 =====
Category No. of equity 
shares held
% of 
shareholding
Body Corporate - Ltd Liability Partnership 52,61,998 2.1843
FPI (Corporate) - I 2,43,44,853 10.1057
NBFCs registered with RBI 10,000 0.0042
Alternate Investment Funds - II 8,08,386 0.3356
Alternate Investment Funds - III 78,22,537 3.2472
Directors and their relatives (excluding Independent Directors and Nominee Directors) 5,06,83,784 21.0392
Key Managerial Personnel 9,17,799 0.381
FPI (Corporate) - II 3,84,784 0.1597
Total 24,09,01,354 100%
Details of equity shares held by Directors as on 31 March 2026 are as under:
Name of the Director No. of Equity 
Shares held
Mr. Manish Gupta 2,14,74,076
Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair 1,72,01,536
Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh 1,20,08,172
Dr. Ashish Gupta 1,85,724
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare 27,610
Dematerialization of shares & liquidity
The Company has dematerialized its equity shares with both the depositories viz. National Securities Depository Limited 
(“NSDL”) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”).
As on 31 March 2026, 99.75% of the Company’s paid-up capital was held in dematerialized form.
Particulars of number of shares held in dematerialized and physical form, are as under:
Particulars Number of shares % of paid-up capital
Held in dematerialized form in NSDL 13,08,45,568 54.31
Held in dematerialized form in CDSL 10,94,57,338 45.44
Held in physical form 5,98,448 0.25
Total 24,09,01,354 100
Note: 93,390 Shares were allotted on 18 March 2026. However, as on 31 March 2026 listing approval was pending. Hence, 
shares allotted through ESOP are reflected in physical mode (i.e., 93,390 shares) actual physical shares are only 5,05,058 
shares as on 31 March 2026.
Members are advised to convert their physical shareholding into electronic holding in order to mitigate the risks associated with 
holding physical share certificates and also derive other benefits of dematerialization, such as easy liquidity, electronic transfer, 
etc. Pursuant to an amendment in the Listing Regulations effective from 1 April 2019, any request for transfer of shares shall 
be processed for shares held in dematerialized form only. Further, SEBI vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/ 
CIR/2022/8 dated 25 January 2022, has mandated to issue securities in dematerialized form only, while processing service 
requests viz. issue of duplicate securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense account; renewal/ exchange of securities 
certificate; endorsement; sub-division/splitting; consolidation of securities certificates; transmission and transposition.
Address for Correspondence Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the 
Company
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(formally known as Link Intime India Private Limited),
C-101, 1st Floor, 247,
L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West),
Mumbai 400083, Maharashtra, India
Tel: +91 22 49186000 (Extn: 2331)
Fax: +91 22 4918 6060
E-mail: rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in
Website: MUFG Intime India Private Limited
Ms. Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
ICSI Membership Number: A21609
Indegene Limited
Aspen Block G4, 3
rd Floor
Manyata Embassy Business Park
Outer Ring Road, Nagawara
Bengaluru - 560 045
Tel: +91 80 4674 4567/ +91 80 4644 7777
E-mail: compliance.officer@indegene.com
Website: www.indegene.com
Indegene Limited
Aspen Block G4, 3
rd Floor
Manyata Embassy Business Park
Outer Ring Road, Nagawara
Bengaluru - 560 045
SEBI vide Circular no. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/
CIR/2021/655 dated 3 November 2021 read with Circular 
No. SEBI/ HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/687 
dated 14 December 2021, and Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/
MIRSD-PoD-1/P/ CIR/2023/37 dated 16 March 2023, has 
mandated all listed entities to ensure that shareholders 
holding shares in physical form shall update their PAN, 
KYC, Nomination and Bank account details (if not updated 
or provided earlier) through the Registrar & Share Transfer 
Agent. If shareholders are holding physical shares and have 
not updated KYC their dividend will be withheld.
Members holding shares in dematerialized form are requested 
to intimate changes, if any in their address, e-mail id, bank 
account details etc. to their Depository Participant (“DP”).
Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any Convertible 
Instruments, Conversion Date and likely impact on Equity
There are no outstanding GDRs/ ADRs/ Warrants/ Convertible 
Instruments of the Company.
Share Transfer System
Transfer of shares in electronic form are processed and 
approved by NSDL/CDSL through their Depository 
Participant(s), without involvement of the Company.
Registered office:
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
162 163

===== PDF PAGE 101 =====
ANNEXURE − 1
Declaration pursuant to Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
I hereby confirm that all Directors and Senior Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed adherence to the “Code 
of Conduct for Board members and Senior Management” during the financial year ended on 31 March 2026.
Sd/-
Manish Gupta
Place: Bangalore Cha
irman, Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer
Date: 29 April 2026 (DI
N: 00219273)
ANNEXURE − 2
Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)and Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) Certification pursuant to Regulation 
17(8) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
To
The Board of Directors
Indegene Limited
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Indegene Limited 
(“the Company”), to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:
a.
 We h
ave reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement for the financial year ended 31 March 2026 and
to the best of our knowledge and belief, we state that:
(i)  the
se statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that 
might be misleading;
(ii
)  the
se statements together present a true and fair view of the company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
b.  We f
urther state that to the best of our knowledge and belief, there are no transactions entered into by the Company
during the year, which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.
c.  We 
accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting. We have evaluated
the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed to the
Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies, if any, in the design or operation of such internal controls of which we are
aware of and the steps have been taken / proposed to be taken for rectifying these deficiencies.
d.
 We ha
ve indicated to the Auditors and the Audit committee
(i)  the
re were no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the aforesaid period;
(ii
)  the
re were no significant changes in accounting policies during the aforesaid period; and
(ii
i)  ins
tances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management
or an employee having significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
For Indegene Limited
Sd/- Sd/-
Manish Gupta Suhas Prabhu
Place: Bangalore Chairman, Executive Director & Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Date: 29 April 2026 (DIN 00219273)
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
164 165

===== PDF PAGE 102 =====
ANNEXURE − 3
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015)]
To,
The Members,
Indegene Limited,
Bangalore
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Indegene 
Limited bearing CIN: L73100KA1998PLC102040, having registered office at Aspen Block G4, 3
rd Floor, Manyata Embassy 
Business Park, Outer Ring Road, Nagawara, Bengaluru - 560 045 (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Company’), produced before 
us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C 
Sub clause 10 (i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
In our opinion and to the best of our knowledge and based on the following:
i.
Doc
uments available on the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs;
ii. Ver
ification of Directors Identification Number (DIN) status on the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs;
iii. Dis
closures provided by the Directors (as enlisted in Table A) to the Company; and
iv. Deb
arment list of the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange,
we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company (as enlisted in Table A) have been debarred or 
disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of the Company by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other statutory authority as on 31 March 2026.
Table A:
S.No Name of the Director DIN Designation Date of appointment 
in the company
1. Dr. Rajesh Bhaskaran Nair 00219269 Non- executive Director 16 October 1998
2. Mr. Manish Gupta 00219273 Executive Director, Chairman of the Board 
and CEO
11 February 2000
3. Dr. Sanjay Suresh Parikh 00219278 Executive Director 29 January 2002
4. Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga 00955485 Non- executive Nominee Director 16 April 2021
5. Dr. Ashish Gupta 00521511 Non- executive Independent Director 28 April 2022
6. Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare 00159886 Non- executive Independent Director 28 April 2022
S.No Name of the Director DIN Designation Date of appointment 
in the company
7. Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya
Rao
06782450 Non- executive Independent Director 8 June 2022
8. Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala
Tenneti
01338477 Non- executive Independent Director 22 July 2008
9. Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou
Papathomas
09734940 Non- executive Independent Director 30 September 2022
10. Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj* 01314963 Non- executive Independent Director 23 January 2026
11. Ms. Jill Mary De Simone** 11483134 Non- executive Independent Director 22 January 2026
* Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj served as a Nominee Director representing CA Dawn Investments on the Board. He resigned on 22-07-2026 pursuant 
to the exit of CA Dawn Investments, the entity he represented. Subsequently, he was appointed as an Independent Director on 23-01-2026 
pursuant to the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Board approval, and shareholder approval via postal ballot.
** Ms. Jill Mary De Simone was appointed by the Board of Directors on 22-01-2026 as an Additional Director in an independent capacity. Her 
appointment will be regularized pursuant to shareholder approval at the upcoming Annual General Meeting as per Notice of the ensuing AGM.
Sd/-
Madhwesh K
Practicing Company Secretary
Membership No. A21477
Date: 01-07-2026 COP
. NO. 10897
Place: Bangalore UDI
N: A021477H000725312
Report on Corporate GovernanceIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports
166 167

===== PDF PAGE 103 =====
ANNEXURE − 4
CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REQUIREMENTS 
To
The Members
Indegene Limited
Bangalore
1.
 I, Ma
dhwesh K, Practicing Company Secretary, have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by
the Company, for the financial year ended on 31 March 2026, as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) and
(t) of regulation 46(2) and paras C, D and E of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”).
Managements’ Responsibility
2.  The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. This responsibility
inc
ludes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures to ensure the compliance with
the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in Listing Regulations.
Practicing Company Secretary’s Responsibility
3.  Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring 
co
mpliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the
financial statements of the Company.
4.  We ha
ve examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the
purposes of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.
5.  We co
nducted our examination in accordance with the applicable laws
6.  We ha
ve complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the guidelines by ICSI.
Opinion
7.  Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations provided to us and the
re
presentations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate 
Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of regulation 46(2) and para C, D and E of
Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended 31 March 2026.
8.
 We s
tate that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or
effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Restriction on use
9.  This certificate is issued solely for the purpose of complying with the aforesaid regulations and may not be suitable for any
ot
her purpose.
Sd/-
Madhwesh K
Practicing Company Secretary
Membership No. A21477
Date: 01-07-2026 COP
. NO. 10897
Place: Bangalore UDI
N: A021477H000725312
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
168
BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY &  
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
At Indegene, sustainability and responsible business practices continue to remain integral to the way we operate and create 
value. Over the past year, we have strengthened our commitment to building a future-ready healthcare ecosystem by further 
embedding Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) considerations into our strategic priorities, operational processes, 
and decision-making frameworks. As a tech-native, life sciences specialist, we remain focused on orchestrating the path from 
commercialization strategy through activation while ensuring that our growth is responsible, inclusive, and aligned with long-
term sustainability objectives.
Following the publication of our first Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (“BRSR”) for FY 2024–25, we are 
pleased to present our subsequent disclosure for FY 2025–26. This report reflects our continued commitment to transparency, 
consistency, and accountability in ESG reporting. It builds upon the foundations established in the previous year, with enhanced 
disclosures, strengthened internal processes, and improved alignment of ESG priorities with business strategy.
Structured in accordance with the nine principles of the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct (“NGRBC”) 
and compliant with Regulation 34(2)(f) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, this 
report provides a comprehensive overview of our ESG performance and progress. It highlights how we are operationalising 
our commitments across governance, environmental stewardship, and social responsibility, while also responding to evolving 
stakeholder expectations and regulatory developments.
Through this BRSR, we aim to offer our stakeholders a clear and credible view of our sustainability journey, demonstrating not 
only continuity in our commitments but also measurable progress in key areas. As we move forward, we remain committed 
to strengthening our ESG practices, driving innovation in sustainable healthcare delivery, and creating enduring value for all 
our stakeholders.
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the Listed Entity
1 Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity L73100KA1998PLC102040
2 Name of the Listed Entity Indegene Limited (“the Company”)
3 Year of incorporation 1998
4 Registered office address Aspen G4, 3rd Floor, Manyata Embassy Business Park 
Outer Ring Road, Nagavara, Bangalore, Karnataka, 
India – 560 045
5 Corporate address Aspen G4, 3rd Floor, Manyata Embassy Business Park 
Outer Ring Road, Nagavara, Bangalore, Karnataka, 
India – 560 045
6 E-mail
compliance.officer@indegene.com
7 Telephone +91 8046744567, +91 8046447777
8 Website https://www.indegene.com 
9 Financial year for which reporting is being done FY 2025 – 2026
10 Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and 
BSE Limited (“BSE”)
11 Paid-up Capital INR 481802708
12 Name and contact details (telephone, email address) of the 
person who may be contacted in case of any queries on the 
BRSR
Srishti Ramesh Kaushik
compliance.officer@indegene.com
+91 8046744567, +91 8046447777
13 Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under this report made 
on a standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on a consolidated 
basis (i.e. for the entity and all the entities which form a part of its 
consolidated financial statements, taken together)
Disclosures made in this report are on a standalone 
basis and pertain only to Indegene Limited
14 Name of assurance provider TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd.
15 Type of assurance obtained Reasonable Assurance as per ISAE 3000
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
169
Statutory Reports
===== PDF PAGE 104 =====
IV. Employees
20. Details as of 31 March 2026:
a. Employees and workers* (including differently abled):
S. 
No.
Particulars Total (A) Male Female
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
Employees
1 Permanent (D) 4679  2598  55.52%  2081  44.48% 
2 Other than Permanent (E) 488  299  61.27%  189  38.73% 
3 Total Employees (D+E) 5167  2897  56.07%  2270  43.93% 
Differently abled Employees No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
1 Permanent (D) 8 5 62.50% 3 37.50%
2 Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0.00% 0 0.00%
3 Total Employees (D+E) 8 5 62.50% 3 37.50%
• *All our workforce is categorized as ‘Employees’, and none as ‘Workers’.
• T
otal Employees (D+E) includes differently abled employees.
• Trainees and Interns are considered as Permanent Employees.
21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women
Particulars Total (A) No. and percentage of Females
No. (B) % (B / A)
Board of Directors 11 2 18.18%
Key Management Personnel 4 1 25.00%
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
FY 2025-2026 FY 2024-2025 FY 2023-2024
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees* 16.10% 16.68% 16.35% 16.72% 17.69% 17.13% 13.09% 20.33% 16.16%
*Turnover rate for permanent employees records only voluntary attrition.
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate C ompanies (including joint ventures)
23. a. Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures
S. 
No. 
Name of the holding/ 
subsidiary/ associate 
companies/ joint 
ventures (A)
Indicate whether 
holding/ subsidiary/ 
associate companies/ 
joint ventures
% of shares held by the 
listed entity
Does the entity indicated 
at column A, participate in 
the Business Responsibility 
initiatives of the listed entity? 
(Yes/No)
1 Indegene Limited Holding NA Yes
2 ILSL Holdings, Inc. Subsidiary 100% Yes
3 Indegene Healthcare 
Mexico S DE RL DE CV
Subsidiary 100% Yes
4 Indegene Ireland Limited Subsidiary 100% Yes
5 Indegene, Inc. Subsidiary 100% Yes
6 Cult Health LLC Subsidiary 100% Yes
7 BioPharma Parent 
Holding, Inc.
Subsidiary 100% Yes
8 DT Associates Research 
and Consulting Services, 
Inc.
Subsidiary 100% Yes
II. Products/Services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
S. No. Description of Main Activity Description of Business Activity % of Turnover of the entity
1 Other Professional, Scientific & 
Technical activities
Other Professional, Scientific & 
Technical activities
100%
17. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):
S. No. Product/Service NIC Code % of total Turnover contributed
1 Service M 749 100%
III. Operations
18. Number	of	locations	where	plants	and/or	operations/offices	of	the	entity	are	situated:
Location Number of plants Number	of	offices Total
National 0 6 27
International 0 21
19. Markets served by the entity:
a. Number of locations
Locations Number
National (No. of States) 5
International (No. of Countries) 58
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
The contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the Company is:
FY 2025-2026 FY 2024-2025 Remarks
98.47% 98.27% (Including Inter-Company revenue)
c. A brief on types of customers
The Company provides AI-embedded commercialization services for the life sciences industry, which includes biopharmaceutical, 
emerging biotech, and medical devices companies. Biopharmaceutical segment comprises companies that discover, develop, 
manufacture, and sell drugs (chemical and biological-based) to treat, vaccinate, or alleviate symptoms of medical conditions 
or diseases. Medical devices segment comprises companies involved in the research, development, production, and sale of 
systems and devices of medical applications, i.e., to treat or diagnose diseases or medical conditions. Emerging biotech segment 
comprises companies that derive their products from the extraction or manipulation of living organisms and are in the process 
of developing products and technologies that improve our lives and the health of our planet.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
170 171
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 105 =====
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible 
Business Conduct:
Stakeholder group 
from whom complaint 
is received
Grievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism in Place 
(Yes/No) (If yes, 
then provide web-
link for grievance 
redressal policy
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number of
complaints
filed	
during
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks Number of
complaints
filed	
during
the year
Number of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution 
at close of 
the year
Remarks
Communities & NGOs
Yes 
(whistleblower@
indegene.com and 
investor.grievance@
indegene.com)
Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil NA
Investors (other than
shareholders)
Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil NA
Shareholders 10 Nil NA 4387 Nil NA
Employees and workers Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil NA
Customers Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil NA
Value chain partners Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil NA
Other (please specify) Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil NA
26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues. Please indicate material responsible business 
conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and social matters that present a risk or an opportunity 
to	your	business,	ra tionale	fo r	id entifying	the	same ,	app roach	to	ad apt	or	mit igate	the	ri sk	alo ng-with	it s	fin ancial	
implications, as per the following format
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
1 Climate 
Change 
and GHG 
emissions
Impact
Material ESG impact associated 
with Climate Change and GHG 
emissions. As a digital-first life 
sciences commercialisation 
and healthcare technology 
services company, Indegene 
has a comparatively lower 
direct emissions footprint than 
manufacturing-led companies. 
However, climate change and 
GHG emissions remain relevant 
due to office operations, 
purchased electricity, business 
travel, cloud/data centre usage 
and increasing climate-related 
expectations from global 
life sciences clients. The 
topic presents a risk where 
failure to monitor and reduce 
emissions could affect client 
expectations, ESG ratings and 
regulatory preparedness. It 
also presents an opportunity to 
improve operational efficiency, 
strengthen ESG positioning 
and align with clients’ 
decarbonisation priorities.
Establish and maintain 
a GHG inventory 
covering Scope 1, Scope 
2 and relevant Scope 
3 categories; monitor 
electricity and business 
travel emissions; engage 
with cloud/data centre and 
key service providers on 
emissions performance; 
strengthen energy 
efficiency and renewable 
energy procurement; 
and integrate climate-
related considerations 
into enterprise risk 
management and 
business continuity 
planning.
Positive: Improved 
ESG positioning, better 
alignment with client 
sustainability requirements 
and potential reduction in 
energy-related operating 
costs.
Negative: Inadequate 
emissions management 
may lead to higher 
compliance costs, 
reputational risk, reduced 
competitiveness in ESG-
sensitive client bids and 
increased exposure to 
future climate disclosure 
expectations.
S. 
No. 
Name of the holding/ 
subsidiary/ associate 
companies/ joint 
ventures (A)
Indicate whether 
holding/ subsidiary/ 
associate companies/ 
joint ventures
% of shares held by the 
listed entity
Does the entity indicated 
at column A, participate in 
the Business Responsibility 
initiatives of the listed entity? 
(Yes/No)
9 Cake Kommunications 
Holding GmbH
Subsidiary 100% Yes
10 Indegene Japan Godo 
Kaisha
Subsidiary 100% Yes
11 Indegene Healthcare 
Germany GmbH
Subsidiary 100% Yes
12 Indegene Europe LLC, 
Switzerland
Subsidiary 100% Yes
13 Indegene Fareast Pte. 
Limited
Subsidiary 100% Yes
14 MJL Communications 
Group Limited
Subsidiary 100% Yes
15 Indegene Lifesystems 
Consulting (Shanghai) Co., 
Limited
Subsidiary 100% Yes
16 Indegene Healthcare UK 
Limited
Subsidiary 100% Yes
17 Warn and Co Limited Subsidiary 100% Yes
18 Indegene Spain S.L.U Subsidiary 100% Yes
19 Trilogy Writing and 
Consulting GmbH
Subsidiary 100% Yes
20 Indegene Healthcare 
Canada, Inc.
Subsidiary 100% Yes
21 BioPharma 
Communications LLC
Subsidiary 100% Yes
22 Addressable Health LLC Subsidiary 100% Yes
23 Cake Kommunications 
GmbH (DE)
Subsidiary 100% Yes
24 Cake Kommunikations AG Subsidiary 100% Yes
25 Cake Kommunikations 
GmbH (AT)
Subsidiary 100% Yes
26 MJL Advertising Limited Subsidiary 100% Yes
27 Trilogy Writing and 
Consulting Limited (UK)
Subsidiary 100% Yes
28 DT Associates Research 
and Consulting Services 
Limited
Subsidiary 100% Yes
29 Trilogy Writing and 
Consulting, Inc. (US)
Subsidiary 100% Yes
VI. CSR Details
24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Yes
 (ii) Turnover (in ₹): ₹12,206 Mn
 (iii) Ne t Worth (in ₹):  ₹20,804 Mn
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
172 173
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 106 =====
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
2 Energy 
Management
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Energy 
Management. Energy 
management is material 
to Indegene due to its 
dependence on office 
infrastructure, IT systems, 
digital platforms and 
technology-enabled 
delivery. While the direct 
energy intensity may 
be lower than asset-
heavy sectors, inefficient 
energy management 
can increase operating 
costs and contribute to 
emissions. Effective energy 
management provides an 
opportunity to reduce costs, 
support emissions reduction 
and meet the sustainability 
expectations of clients and 
investors.
Implement office-
level energy efficiency 
initiatives, monitor 
energy consumption 
across facilities, prioritise 
energy-efficient IT and 
office equipment, explore 
renewable energy 
procurement where 
feasible, and engage 
with technology and 
cloud service providers 
on energy efficiency and 
renewable power use.
Positive: Lower electricity 
costs, improved emissions 
performance and stronger 
alignment with client ESG 
expectations.
Negative: Poor energy 
management may result 
in higher operating 
costs, increased Scope 
2 emissions and 
weaker performance 
against sustainability 
commitments.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Energy Management.
Implement office-
level energy efficiency 
initiatives, monitor 
energy consumption 
across facilities, prioritise 
energy-efficient IT and 
office equipment, explore 
renewable energy 
procurement where 
feasible, and engage 
with technology and 
cloud service providers 
on energy efficiency and 
renewable power use.
Positive: Lower electricity 
costs, improved emissions 
performance and stronger 
alignment with client ESG 
expectations.
Negative: Poor energy 
management may result 
in higher operating 
costs, increased Scope 
2 emissions and 
weaker performance 
against sustainability 
commitments.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
energy management.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Lower electricity 
costs, improved emissions 
performance and stronger 
alignment with client ESG 
expectations.
Negative: Poor energy 
management may result 
in higher operating 
costs, increased Scope 
2 emissions and 
weaker performance 
against sustainability 
commitments.
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Climate Change and GHG 
emissions.
Establish and maintain 
a GHG inventory 
covering Scope 1, Scope 
2 and relevant Scope 
3 categories; monitor 
electricity and business 
travel emissions; engage 
with cloud/data centre and 
key service providers on 
emissions performance; 
strengthen energy 
efficiency and renewable 
energy procurement; 
and integrate climate-
related considerations 
into enterprise risk 
management and 
business continuity 
planning.
Positive: Improved 
ESG positioning, better 
alignment with client 
sustainability requirements 
and potential reduction in 
energy-related operating 
costs.
Negative: Inadequate 
emissions management 
may lead to higher 
compliance costs, 
reputational risk, reduced 
competitiveness in ESG-
sensitive client bids and 
increased exposure to 
future climate disclosure 
expectations.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
climate change and GHG 
emissions.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Improved 
ESG positioning, better 
alignment with client 
sustainability requirements 
and potential reduction in 
energy-related operating 
costs.
Negative: Inadequate 
emissions management 
may lead to higher 
compliance costs, 
reputational risk, reduced 
competitiveness in ESG-
sensitive client bids and 
increased exposure to 
future climate disclosure 
expectations.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
174 175
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 107 =====
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
4 Water 
stewardship
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Water 
stewardship. Water 
stewardship is relevant 
mainly in relation to 
Indegene’s office premises, 
employee facilities and local 
community context. While 
the business is not water-
intensive, responsible water 
management supports 
operational resilience, 
employee well-being and 
stakeholder expectations. 
Water stress in operating 
locations can create local 
operational and reputational 
risks, while conservation 
measures provide an 
opportunity to improve 
environmental performance.
Monitor water 
consumption across 
offices, implement water-
saving fixtures, ensure 
proper maintenance of 
plumbing and sanitation 
systems, promote water 
conservation awareness, 
and assess water stress 
exposure for key locations 
where relevant.
Positive: Lower utility 
costs, improved resource 
efficiency and stronger 
local environmental 
stewardship.
Negative: Poor water 
management may increase 
operating costs, affect 
workplace conditions 
and create reputational 
concerns in water-stressed 
regions.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Water stewardship.
Monitor water 
consumption across 
offices, implement water-
saving fixtures, ensure 
proper maintenance of 
plumbing and sanitation 
systems, promote water 
conservation awareness, 
and assess water stress 
exposure for key locations 
where relevant.
Positive: Lower utility 
costs, improved resource 
efficiency and stronger 
local environmental 
stewardship.
Negative: Poor water 
management may increase 
operating costs, affect 
workplace conditions 
and create reputational 
concerns in water-stressed 
regions.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
water stewardship.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Lower utility 
costs, improved resource 
efficiency and stronger 
local environmental 
stewardship.
Negative: Poor water 
management may increase 
operating costs, affect 
workplace conditions 
and create reputational 
concerns in water-stressed 
regions.
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
3 Waste 
Management
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Waste 
Management. Waste 
management is relevant 
to Indegene primarily 
through office waste, 
e-waste, IT asset disposal, 
paper consumption and 
packaging associated with 
office operations. As a 
digital services company, 
the overall waste footprint 
may be moderate; however, 
improper e-waste disposal 
can create compliance, 
environmental and 
reputational risks. There 
is also an opportunity to 
promote circularity through 
responsible disposal, 
recycling and paperless 
operations.
Implement e-waste 
management through 
authorised recyclers, 
maintain asset disposal 
records, promote 
paperless processes, 
ensure responsible 
disposal of IT equipment 
and peripherals, and 
strengthen employee 
awareness on segregation 
and responsible waste 
handling.
Positive: Reduced 
disposal costs, better 
resource efficiency and 
improved environmental 
performance.
Negative: Improper waste 
or e-waste handling may 
lead to regulatory non-
compliance, reputational 
damage and additional 
remediation or disposal 
costs.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Waste Management.
Implement e-waste 
management through 
authorised recyclers, 
maintain asset disposal 
records, promote 
paperless processes, 
ensure responsible 
disposal of IT equipment 
and peripherals, and 
strengthen employee 
awareness on segregation 
and responsible waste 
handling.
Positive: Reduced 
disposal costs, better 
resource efficiency and 
improved environmental 
performance.
Negative: Improper waste 
or e-waste handling may 
lead to regulatory non-
compliance, reputational 
damage and additional 
remediation or disposal 
costs.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
waste management.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Reduced 
disposal costs, better 
resource efficiency and 
improved environmental 
performance.
Negative: Improper waste 
or e-waste handling may 
lead to regulatory non-
compliance, reputational 
damage and additional 
remediation or disposal 
costs.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
176 177
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 108 =====
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
6 Diversity, 
Equity and 
Inclusion 
(“DEI”)
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Diversity 
and Inclusion. Diversity and 
Inclusion is highly material 
for Indegene as a people-
led, knowledge-driven 
organisation dependent 
on skilled talent across 
technology, medical, 
commercial and client 
delivery roles. Inclusive 
hiring and equitable 
workplace practices support 
innovation, talent attraction, 
retention and employee 
engagement. Conversely, 
inadequate DEI practices 
can lead to attrition, 
reduced employee morale, 
discrimination-related 
complaints and reputational 
concerns.
Strengthen equal 
opportunity and anti-
discrimination policies, 
maintain POSH 
compliance, promote 
inclusive hiring and 
leadership development, 
monitor diversity metrics, 
provide sensitisation 
training, and ensure 
accessible grievance 
redressal mechanisms.
Positive: Improved talent 
attraction and retention, 
stronger innovation, better 
employee engagement 
and enhanced employer 
brand.
Negative: DEI gaps may 
lead to attrition costs, 
employee grievances, legal 
exposure and reputational 
damage.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Diversity and Inclusion.
Strengthen equal 
opportunity and anti-
discrimination policies, 
maintain POSH 
compliance, promote 
inclusive hiring and 
leadership development, 
monitor diversity metrics, 
provide sensitisation 
training, and ensure 
accessible grievance 
redressal mechanisms.
Positive: Improved talent 
attraction and retention, 
stronger innovation, better 
employee engagement 
and enhanced employer 
brand.
Negative: DEI gaps may 
lead to attrition costs, 
employee grievances, legal 
exposure and reputational 
damage.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
diversity and inclusion.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Improved talent 
attraction and retention, 
stronger innovation, better 
employee engagement 
and enhanced employer 
brand.
Negative: DEI gaps may 
lead to attrition costs, 
employee grievances, legal 
exposure and reputational 
damage.
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
5 Community 
Engagement
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Community 
Engagement. Community 
engagement is material 
due to Indegene’s role 
as a healthcare-focused 
organisation with the ability 
to contribute to health 
awareness, education, 
employability and digital 
skill development. The topic 
presents an opportunity 
to create positive social 
impact, strengthen corporate 
reputation and build 
stakeholder trust. Its direct 
financial impact may be 
limited, but it contributes to 
brand equity and employee 
engagement.
Not applicable as the 
primary classification 
is Opportunity. 
Continued governance 
of CSR and community 
initiatives should be 
maintained through 
needs assessments, 
defined focus areas, 
impact tracking, 
employee volunteering 
and alignment with the 
Company’s broader 
healthcare and digital 
capabilities.
Positive: Stronger 
community trust, improved 
employer brand, enhanced 
employee engagement 
and better ESG 
positioning.
Negative: Weak execution 
or poor alignment of 
community initiatives may 
reduce the credibility and 
impact of CSR spending.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Community Engagement.
Not applicable as the 
primary classification 
is Opportunity. 
Continued governance 
of CSR and community 
initiatives should be 
maintained through 
needs assessments, 
defined focus areas, 
impact tracking, 
employee volunteering 
and alignment with the 
Company’s broader 
healthcare and digital 
capabilities.
Positive: Stronger 
community trust, improved 
employer brand, enhanced 
employee engagement 
and better ESG 
positioning.
Negative: Weak execution 
or poor alignment of 
community initiatives may 
reduce the credibility and 
impact of CSR spending.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
community engagement.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Stronger 
community trust, improved 
employer brand, enhanced 
employee engagement 
and better ESG 
positioning.
Negative: Weak execution 
or poor alignment of 
community initiatives may 
reduce the credibility and 
impact of CSR spending.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
178 179
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 109 =====
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
8 Occupational 
Health and 
Safety (“OHS”)
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with 
Occupational Health and 
Safety. Occupational Health 
and Safety is relevant for 
Indegene’s office-based and 
hybrid workforce. Although 
the Company may not face 
high industrial safety risks, 
it is exposed to ergonomic 
risks, workplace safety, 
emergency preparedness, 
stress-related concerns 
and employee health and 
well-being risks. Effective 
OHS management supports 
employee productivity and 
continuity of operations.
Maintain workplace safety 
systems, emergency 
preparedness plans, 
ergonomic assessments, 
incident reporting, health 
and wellness programmes, 
fire safety controls, 
employee awareness 
sessions and safety 
compliance across office 
locations.
Positive: Improved 
employee well-being, 
reduced absenteeism 
and enhanced workplace 
productivity.
Negative: Inadequate 
OHS practices may lead 
to employee health issues, 
workplace incidents, 
absenteeism, productivity 
loss and reputational 
concerns.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Occupational Health and 
Safety.
Maintain workplace safety 
systems, emergency 
preparedness plans, 
ergonomic assessments, 
incident reporting, health 
and wellness programmes, 
fire safety controls, 
employee awareness 
sessions and safety 
compliance across office 
locations.
Positive: Improved 
employee well-being, 
reduced absenteeism 
and enhanced workplace 
productivity.
Negative: Inadequate 
OHS practices may lead 
to employee health issues, 
workplace incidents, 
absenteeism, productivity 
loss and reputational 
concerns.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
occupational health and 
safety.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Improved 
employee well-being, 
reduced absenteeism 
and enhanced workplace 
productivity.
Negative: Inadequate 
OHS practices may lead 
to employee health issues, 
workplace incidents, 
absenteeism, productivity 
loss and reputational 
concerns.
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
7 Human Rights 
and Workforce 
Well-being
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Human 
Rights and Workforce Well-
being. Human Rights and 
Workforce Well-being is 
material given Indegene’s 
dependence on a skilled 
workforce and its service 
delivery model. Employee 
well-being, fair working 
conditions, freedom from 
harassment, reasonable 
working hours and grievance 
mechanisms directly 
influence productivity, 
retention and service 
quality. The risk arises from 
potential burnout, workplace 
grievances or inadequate 
labour practices, while the 
opportunity lies in building 
a high-trust and high-
performance workplace.
Implement human rights 
and labour policies, 
maintain confidential 
grievance mechanisms, 
strengthen employee 
well-being and mental 
health support, monitor 
workload and work-life 
balance risks, ensure fair 
employment practices and 
provide regular employee 
engagement channels.
Positive: Higher 
productivity, stronger 
retention, improved 
engagement and better 
service delivery quality.
Negative: Poor workforce 
well-being may result in 
attrition, absenteeism, 
reduced productivity, 
reputational issues 
and potential legal or 
compliance costs.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising 
from Human Rights and 
Workforce Well-being.
Implement human rights 
and labour policies, 
maintain confidential 
grievance mechanisms, 
strengthen employee 
well-being and mental 
health support, monitor 
workload and work-life 
balance risks, ensure fair 
employment practices and 
provide regular employee 
engagement channels.
Positive: Higher 
productivity, stronger 
retention, improved 
engagement and better 
service delivery quality.
Negative: Poor workforce 
well-being may result in 
attrition, absenteeism, 
reduced productivity, 
reputational issues 
and potential legal or 
compliance costs.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
human rights and workforce 
well-being.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Higher 
productivity, stronger 
retention, improved 
engagement and better 
service delivery quality.
Negative: Poor workforce 
well-being may result in 
attrition, absenteeism, 
reduced productivity, 
reputational issues 
and potential legal or 
compliance costs.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
180 181
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 110 =====
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
10 Training and 
development
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Training 
and development. Training 
and development is material 
due to rapid changes in life 
sciences commercialisation, 
digital transformation, AI, 
data analytics, regulatory 
expectations and client 
delivery requirements. 
Continuous upskilling 
enables employees to deliver 
high-quality services and 
adapt to evolving client 
needs. The risk arises if 
skill development does not 
keep pace with business 
and technology changes, 
while the opportunity lies 
in building differentiated 
capabilities.
Implement structured 
learning programmes, 
role-based capability 
frameworks, technical and 
regulatory training, AI and 
digital skills development, 
leadership training, 
learning effectiveness 
tracking and career-linked 
development pathways.
Positive: Improved 
delivery quality, stronger 
innovation, higher 
employee engagement 
and better client outcomes.
Negative: Inadequate 
training may lead to skill 
gaps, lower productivity, 
delivery errors, increased 
supervision costs and 
reduced competitiveness.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Training and development.
Implement structured 
learning programmes, 
role-based capability 
frameworks, technical and 
regulatory training, AI and 
digital skills development, 
leadership training, 
learning effectiveness 
tracking and career-linked 
development pathways.
Positive: Improved 
delivery quality, stronger 
innovation, higher 
employee engagement 
and better client outcomes.
Negative: Inadequate 
training may lead to skill 
gaps, lower productivity, 
delivery errors, increased 
supervision costs and 
reduced competitiveness.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
Training and development.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Improved 
delivery quality, stronger 
innovation, higher 
employee engagement 
and better client outcomes.
Negative: Inadequate 
training may lead to skill 
gaps, lower productivity, 
delivery errors, increased 
supervision costs and 
reduced competitiveness.
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
9 Talent 
Acquisition, 
Development 
and Retention
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Talent 
Acquisition, Development 
and Retention. Talent 
Acquisition, Development 
and Retention is material 
because Indegene’s 
business model depends 
on specialised capabilities 
across life sciences, medical 
affairs, technology, data 
analytics, commercialisation 
and client delivery. The 
risk arises from talent 
attrition, skill shortages and 
competition for specialised 
digital and healthcare 
talent. The opportunity lies 
in building a strong talent 
pipeline and retaining high-
performing employees to 
support business growth.
Strengthen workforce 
planning, succession 
planning, capability 
mapping, leadership 
development, career 
progression frameworks, 
employee engagement 
programmes, retention 
interventions and hiring 
strategies for critical skill 
areas.
Positive: Stronger delivery 
capability, improved 
client satisfaction, better 
scalability and reduced 
hiring costs.
Negative: High attrition 
or skill gaps may increase 
recruitment costs, delay 
project delivery, affect 
quality and weaken client 
relationships.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising 
from Talent Acquisition, 
Development and Retention.
Strengthen workforce 
planning, succession 
planning, capability 
mapping, leadership 
development, career 
progression frameworks, 
employee engagement 
programmes, retention 
interventions and hiring 
strategies for critical skill 
areas.
Positive: Stronger delivery 
capability, improved 
client satisfaction, better 
scalability and reduced 
hiring costs.
Negative: High attrition 
or skill gaps may increase 
recruitment costs, delay 
project delivery, affect 
quality and weaken client 
relationships.
Opportunity Opportunity to create 
value and strengthen 
stakeholder trust through 
improved talent acquisition, 
development and retention.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Stronger delivery 
capability, improved 
client satisfaction, better 
scalability and reduced 
hiring costs.
Negative: High attrition 
or skill gaps may increase 
recruitment costs, delay 
project delivery, affect 
quality and weaken client 
relationships.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
182 183
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 111 =====
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
12 Corporate 
Governance
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Corporate 
Governance. Corporate 
Governance is material 
as it underpins investor 
confidence, accountability, 
risk oversight, compliance 
and long-term business 
performance. For a listed 
and globally engaged 
organisation, governance 
quality affects stakeholder 
trust, decision-making, 
enterprise risk management 
and access to capital. 
Strong governance is 
an opportunity, while 
governance failures can 
create regulatory, financial 
and reputational risks.
Maintain Board and 
committee oversight, 
strengthen internal 
controls, ensure 
transparent disclosures, 
monitor regulatory 
compliance, implement 
risk management 
processes, maintain 
whistleblower channels 
and integrate ESG 
oversight into governance 
structures.
Positive: Improved 
investor confidence, 
stronger risk oversight, 
better access to capital 
and enhanced stakeholder 
trust.
Negative: Governance 
failures may lead to 
regulatory action, 
reputational damage, 
higher cost of capital 
and loss of stakeholder 
confidence.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Corporate Governance.
Maintain Board and 
committee oversight, 
strengthen internal 
controls, ensure 
transparent disclosures, 
monitor regulatory 
compliance, implement 
risk management 
processes, maintain 
whistleblower channels 
and integrate ESG 
oversight into governance 
structures.
Positive: Improved 
investor confidence, 
stronger risk oversight, 
better access to capital 
and enhanced stakeholder 
trust.
Negative: Governance 
failures may lead to 
regulatory action, 
reputational damage, 
higher cost of capital 
and loss of stakeholder 
confidence.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
corporate governance.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Improved 
investor confidence, 
stronger risk oversight, 
better access to capital 
and enhanced stakeholder 
trust.
Negative: Governance 
failures may lead to 
regulatory action, 
reputational damage, 
higher cost of capital 
and loss of stakeholder 
confidence.
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
11 Business 
Ethics and 
Compliance
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Business 
Ethics and Compliance. 
Business Ethics and 
Compliance is highly 
material for Indegene due 
to its work with life sciences 
clients and exposure to 
sensitive areas such as 
healthcare communications, 
medical content, client 
data, marketing practices, 
third-party interactions and 
regulatory expectations. 
Ethical failures or non-
compliance could harm client 
trust and result in legal, 
contractual and reputational 
consequences. Strong 
compliance also provides an 
opportunity to differentiate 
Indegene as a trusted 
partner.
Maintain a Code of 
Conduct, anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption 
controls, conflict of 
interest declarations, 
whistleblower 
mechanisms, compliance 
training, third-party due 
diligence, client-specific 
compliance protocols and 
regular internal audits.
Positive: Stronger 
client trust, improved 
eligibility for regulated 
client engagements and 
enhanced reputation.
Negative: Non-compliance 
may lead to client loss, 
penalties, contract 
termination, litigation, 
remediation costs and 
reputational damage.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising 
from Business Ethics and 
Compliance.
Maintain a Code of 
Conduct, anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption 
controls, conflict of 
interest declarations, 
whistleblower 
mechanisms, compliance 
training, third-party due 
diligence, client-specific 
compliance protocols and 
regular internal audits.
Positive: Stronger 
client trust, improved 
eligibility for regulated 
client engagements and 
enhanced reputation.
Negative: Non-compliance 
may lead to client loss, 
penalties, contract 
termination, litigation, 
remediation costs and 
reputational damage.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
business ethics and 
compliance.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Stronger 
client trust, improved 
eligibility for regulated 
client engagements and 
enhanced reputation.
Negative: Non-compliance 
may lead to client loss, 
penalties, contract 
termination, litigation, 
remediation costs and 
reputational damage.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
184 185
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 112 =====
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
14 Data Privacy 
and Security
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Data 
Privacy and Security. Data 
Privacy and Security is one 
of the most critical topics 
for Indegene due to its 
digital service model, use 
of technology platforms 
and potential exposure to 
client, healthcare, employee 
and business-sensitive 
data. The risk includes data 
breaches, cyber incidents, 
regulatory non-compliance 
and contractual liabilities. 
Strong data protection also 
creates an opportunity to 
strengthen client trust and 
differentiate Indegene in a 
highly regulated sector.
Implement privacy-by-
design, cybersecurity 
controls, access 
management, encryption, 
data loss prevention, 
vendor security 
assessments, employee 
training, incident response 
planning, regular 
vulnerability assessments 
and compliance with 
applicable privacy 
regulations such as Digital 
Personal Data Protection, 
General Data Protection 
Regulation and Health 
Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act where 
relevant.
Positive: Enhanced client 
trust, stronger eligibility for 
regulated healthcare and 
life sciences engagements, 
and improved competitive 
positioning.
Negative: Data breaches 
or privacy failures may 
result in regulatory 
penalties, contractual 
claims, remediation costs, 
client loss and reputational 
damage.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Data Privacy and Security.
Implement privacy-by-
design, cybersecurity 
controls, access 
management, encryption, 
data loss prevention, 
vendor security 
assessments, employee 
training, incident response 
planning, regular 
vulnerability assessments 
and compliance with 
applicable privacy 
regulations such as Digital 
Personal Data Protection, 
General Data Protection 
Regulation and Health 
Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act 
where relevant.
Positive: Enhanced client 
trust, stronger eligibility for 
regulated healthcare and 
life sciences engagements, 
and improved competitive 
positioning.
Negative: Data breaches 
or privacy failures may 
result in regulatory 
penalties, contractual 
claims, remediation costs, 
client loss and reputational 
damage.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved data 
privacy and security.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Enhanced client 
trust, stronger eligibility for 
regulated healthcare and 
life sciences engagements, 
and improved competitive 
positioning.
Negative: Data breaches 
or privacy failures may 
result in regulatory 
penalties, contractual 
claims, remediation costs, 
client loss and reputational 
damage.
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
13 Customer 
satisfaction
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Customer 
satisfaction. Customer 
satisfaction is highly material 
because Indegene’s revenue 
and growth depend on 
long-term relationships with 
life sciences and healthcare 
clients. Service quality, 
delivery reliability, domain 
expertise, responsiveness 
and innovation directly 
influence client retention, 
contract renewals and new 
business opportunities. 
Poor client experience 
creates revenue and 
reputational risks, while 
strong satisfaction supports 
growth and competitive 
differentiation.
Maintain client governance 
mechanisms, service 
quality controls, feedback 
and escalation processes, 
Service Level Agreement 
(“SLA”) monitoring, 
delivery excellence 
reviews, account 
management processes 
and corrective action 
tracking for client issues.
Positive: Higher client 
retention, repeat business, 
stronger deal conversion, 
improved reputation and 
revenue growth.
Negative: Poor customer 
satisfaction may lead 
to client attrition, lower 
renewals, reduced 
referrals, penalties under 
service agreements and 
reputational damage.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Customer satisfaction.
Maintain client governance 
mechanisms, service 
quality controls, feedback 
and escalation processes, 
SLA monitoring, delivery 
excellence reviews, 
account management 
processes and corrective 
action tracking for client 
issues.
Positive: Higher client 
retention, repeat business, 
stronger deal conversion, 
improved reputation and 
revenue growth.
Negative: Poor customer 
satisfaction may lead 
to client attrition, lower 
renewals, reduced 
referrals, penalties under 
service agreements and 
reputational damage.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
customer satisfaction.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Higher client 
retention, repeat business, 
stronger deal conversion, 
improved reputation and 
revenue growth.
Negative: Poor customer 
satisfaction may lead 
to client attrition, lower 
renewals, reduced 
referrals, penalties under 
service agreements and 
reputational damage.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
186 187
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 113 =====
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
16
Responsible 
Innovation 
and Digital 
Transformation
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Responsible 
Innovation and Digital 
Transformation. Responsible 
Innovation and Digital 
Transformation is material 
because Indegene’s 
services are closely linked 
to technology, AI, analytics, 
automation and digital 
engagement in the life 
sciences sector. Innovation 
creates opportunities 
for scale, efficiency, 
differentiated client solutions 
and improved outcomes. 
However, irresponsible or 
poorly governed innovation 
can create risks relating to 
data misuse, algorithmic 
bias, inaccurate outputs, 
regulatory concerns and 
client trust.
Establish responsible AI 
and digital governance, 
conduct risk assessments 
for new technologies, 
maintain human oversight, 
validate AI-enabled 
outputs, ensure data 
privacy controls, monitor 
ethical use of technology 
and align innovation with 
client and regulatory 
expectations.
Positive: Higher 
productivity, differentiated 
offerings, stronger client 
value proposition and 
improved scalability.
Negative: Poorly governed 
innovation may lead to 
compliance risks, client 
dissatisfaction, rework 
costs, reputational damage 
and loss of trust in digital 
solutions.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Responsible Innovation and 
Digital Transformation.
Establish responsible AI 
and digital governance, 
conduct risk assessments 
for new technologies, 
maintain human oversight, 
validate AI-enabled 
outputs, ensure data 
privacy controls, monitor 
ethical use of technology 
and align innovation with 
client and regulatory 
expectations.
Positive: Higher 
productivity, differentiated 
offerings, stronger client 
value proposition and 
improved scalability.
Negative: Poorly governed 
innovation may lead to 
compliance risks, client 
dissatisfaction, rework 
costs, reputational damage 
and loss of trust in digital 
solutions.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
responsible innovation and 
digital transformation.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Higher 
productivity, differentiated 
offerings, stronger client 
value proposition and 
improved scalability.
Negative: Poorly governed 
innovation may lead to 
compliance risks, client 
dissatisfaction, rework 
costs, reputational damage 
and loss of trust in digital 
solutions.
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
15 Economic 
Performance
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Economic 
Performance. Economic 
Performance is material as it 
reflects Indegene’s ability to 
sustain growth, profitability, 
investments in technology, 
employee development and 
long-term value creation. 
The opportunity lies in 
scaling digital, AI-led and life 
sciences commercialisation 
services. The risk arises 
from margin pressure, client 
concentration, cost inflation, 
delivery challenges or slower 
demand in key markets.
Strengthen strategic 
planning, revenue 
diversification, cost 
discipline, operational 
efficiency, client portfolio 
management, investment 
governance and regular 
performance monitoring 
across business units and 
geographies.
Positive: Strong 
economic performance 
supports revenue growth, 
profitability, investor 
confidence, talent 
investment and innovation.
Negative: Weak 
financial performance 
may reduce margins, 
constrain investments, 
affect employee retention 
and weaken market 
confidence.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Economic Performance.
Strengthen strategic 
planning, revenue 
diversification, cost 
discipline, operational 
efficiency, client portfolio 
management, investment 
governance and regular 
performance monitoring 
across business units and 
geographies.
Positive: Strong 
economic performance 
supports revenue growth, 
profitability, investor 
confidence, talent 
investment and innovation.
Negative: Weak 
financial performance 
may reduce margins, 
constrain investments, 
affect employee retention 
and weaken market 
confidence.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
economic performance.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Strong 
economic performance 
supports revenue growth, 
profitability, investor 
confidence, talent 
investment and innovation.
Negative: Weak 
financial performance 
may reduce margins, 
constrain investments, 
affect employee retention 
and weaken market 
confidence.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
188 189
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 114 =====
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
The National Guidelines for Responsible Business Conduct as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs advocates 
nine principles referred to as P1-P9 as given below:
P1 Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity in a manner that is ethical, transparent, and 
accountable
P2 Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
P3 Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
P4 Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive towards all its stakeholders
P5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights
P6 Businesses should respect, protect, and make efforts to restore the environment
P7 Businesses when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible and 
transparent
P8 Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
P9 Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Policy and Management Processes
1a Whether your entity’s policy/policies cover each 
principle and its core elements of the NGRBCs
Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
1b Has the policy been approved by the Board? Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
1c Web Link of the Policies, if available The policies can be accessed here:
Corporate Governance Policies, Policies | Indegene
2 Whether the entity has translated the policy into 
procedures
Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
3 Do the enlisted policies extend to your value chain 
partners?
Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
4 Name of the national and international codes/
certifications/labels/ standards (e.g. Forest Stewardship 
Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, Trustee) 
standards (e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by 
your entity and mapped to each principle.
Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
P1 Businesses should conduct and govern themselves 
with integrity in a manner that is ethical, transparent, 
and accountable
Business Partner Code of Conduct
Anti - Bribery & Anti - Corruption Policy
Compliance policy
Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management 
Personnel
Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider Trading and 
Code of practices and procedures for fair disclosure of 
unpublished price sensitive information
Code of Conduct
P2 Businesses should provide goods and services in a 
manner that is sustainable and safe
Indegene Quality Policy
Indegene Environmental Policy
P3 Businesses should respect and promote the well-
being of all employees, including those in their value 
chains
Labour and Human Rights Policy
Sustainable Procurement Policy
EHS Policy - Indegene Limited
P4 Businesses should respect the interests of and be 
responsive towards all its stakeholders
Compliance policy
Labour and Human Rights Policy
S. 
No.
Material issue 
identified
Indicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunity 
(R/O)
Rationale for identifying 
the risk / opportunity
In case of risk, approach 
to adapt or mitigate
Financial implications of 
the risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive or 
negative implications)
17 Sustainable 
Supply Chain
Impact Material ESG impact 
associated with Sustainable 
Supply Chain. Sustainable 
Supply Chain is material 
because Indegene relies 
on suppliers and partners 
for IT services, technology 
platforms, office operations, 
professional services and 
other support functions. 
Supplier practices can 
influence environmental 
performance, data security, 
labour standards, service 
continuity and reputational 
risk. A responsible supplier 
base also creates an 
opportunity to improve 
resilience and meet client 
expectations.
Implement supplier 
codes of conduct, ESG 
and compliance clauses 
in contracts, vendor 
due diligence, data 
security assessments 
for technology vendors, 
supplier performance 
reviews, responsible 
procurement practices 
and engagement with key 
suppliers on sustainability 
expectations.
Positive: Improved 
supplier resilience, 
stronger client confidence, 
better ESG performance 
and reduced operational 
disruption.
Negative: Supplier non-
compliance, data security 
failures or poor labour/
environmental practices 
may lead to service 
disruption, reputational 
damage, contractual 
exposure and increased 
procurement risk.
Risk Potential financial and 
operational risk arising from 
Sustainable Supply Chain.
Implement supplier 
codes of conduct, ESG 
and compliance clauses 
in contracts, vendor 
due diligence, data 
security assessments 
for technology vendors, 
supplier performance 
reviews, responsible 
procurement practices 
and engagement with key 
suppliers on sustainability 
expectations.
Positive: Improved 
supplier resilience, 
stronger client confidence, 
better ESG performance 
and reduced operational 
disruption.
Negative: Supplier non-
compliance, data security 
failures or poor labour/
environmental practices 
may lead to service 
disruption, reputational 
damage, contractual 
exposure and increased 
procurement risk.
Opportunity Opportunity to create value 
and strengthen stakeholder 
trust through improved 
sustainable supply chain.
Leverage sustainability 
initiatives and strategic 
programs.
Positive: Improved 
supplier resilience, 
stronger client confidence, 
better ESG performance 
and reduced operational 
disruption.
Negative: Supplier non-
compliance, data security 
failures or poor labour/
environmental practices 
may lead to service 
disruption, reputational 
damage, contractual 
exposure and increased 
procurement risk.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
190 191
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 115 =====
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Social - Shaping a Future-Ready Workforce
Our people remain central to our growth and ability to operate 
at scale. Women represent 46% of our workforce, reflecting 
our focus on fostering an inclusive and high-performing 
organization. We continue to invest in learning, well-being, 
and opportunities for our colleagues to grow and thrive. As AI 
reshapes the future of work, we are also strengthening future-
ready capabilities across the organization and enabling teams 
to adopt AI responsibly and effectively.
Governance	- Building	Trust	at	Scale
We maintain strong standards in ethics, data privacy, 
cybersecurity, and responsible AI. During the year, we recorded 
zero information security incidents and zero bribery cases, while 
continuing to work towards our target of zero data privacy 
breaches by FY 2028. In addition, 100% of critical new vendors 
underwent ESG screening, and our EcoVadis Silver rating places 
us among the top 15% of companies globally.
For us, sustainability is ultimately about turning long-term 
promises  into measurable performance -  consistently, 
responsibly, and at scale.
8 Details of the highest authority responsible for 
implementation and oversight of the Business 
Responsibility policy(ies)
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
9 Does the entity have a specified Committee of the 
Board/ Director responsible for decision-making on 
sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide 
details.
Yes, the Company has governance mechanisms in place for 
decision-making and oversight on sustainability-related matters. 
The ESG Core Team plays a key role in monitoring the Company’s 
environmental and sustainability programmes and periodically 
reports its observations and updates to the Risk Management 
Committee. The team supports the review of climate-related 
matters, engages with relevant subject matter experts where 
required, and provides updates to the management on the 
progress of sustainability initiatives.
The ESG Core Team also works closely with cross-functional 
teams, including Procurement, Corporate Finance, Legal, 
Human Resources and Business Units, to enable the integration 
of sustainability considerations into business practices. Its 
responsibilities include providing inputs to senior leadership, 
participating in ESG-related capacity-building sessions and 
workshops, supporting the development of responsibility 
matrices for ESG decision-making, facilitating implementation 
of the Environmental, Health and Safety Management System 
across departments, and driving discussions on key ESG 
milestones and priorities.
Through this structure, the Company ensures that sustainability-
related matters are reviewed through appropriate governance 
channels and are aligned with broader business, risk 
management and operational priorities.
Disclosure Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
P5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights Labour and Human Rights Policy
P6 Businesses should respect, protect, and make efforts 
to restore the environment
Indegene Environmental Policy
P7 Businesses when engaging in influencing public and 
regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is 
responsible and transparent
ISO 45001:2018, ISO 14001:2015, ISO 27001:2022, ISO 
9001:2015, ISO 27701:2025, CMMI Level 5 
P8 Businesses should promote inclusive growth and 
equitable development
CSR Policy
P9 Businesses should engage with and provide value to 
their consumers in a responsible manner
Indegene Quality Policy
Indegene Environmental Policy
Information Security Policy
Privacy Policy
5 Specific commitments, goals and targets set by the 
entity with defined timelines, if any
The Company, as a signatory to the Science Based Targets 
initiative (“SBTi”), commits to reducing absolute Scope 1 and 
2 GHG emissions by 33.6% by FY 2028, using FY 2023 as 
the base year. Additionally, we are committed to reducing our 
absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions by 20.0% within the same 
timeframe.
6 Performance of the entity against the specific 
commitments, goals and targets along-with reasons in 
case the same are not met
Indegene Limited has demonstrated strong progress against its 
ESG commitments, as reflected in its external ratings, including a 
CDP score of ‘B’, EcoVadis score of 75 (Silver Medal), S&P Global 
ESG score of 61, and NSE ESG score of 80 (Leader category). 
The Company has strengthened its environmental and safety 
frameworks through ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 
certifications across key locations.
On the environmental front, Indegene has improved its GHG 
emissions monitoring and implemented energy efficiency 
and sustainable workplace initiatives, contributing to better 
emissions performance and climate risk management.
While the Company has largely met its current commitments, 
opportunities remain in further reducing absolute GHG emissions 
and expanding initiatives across all operations.
Governance, Leadership and Oversight
7 Statement by director responsible for the business 
responsibility report, highlighting ESG
related challenges, targets and achievements
At Indegene, sustainability is embedded in the way we operate, 
innovate, and create long-term value. As a strategic operating 
partner to the global life sciences industry, we believe strong ESG 
practices are fundamental to creating a resilient, trusted, and 
future-ready business for our clients, colleagues, communities, 
and shareholders.
Environmental - Decarbonizing Our Future
Our SBTi-validated targets include a 33.6% reduction in Scope 
1 and 2 emissions and a 20% reduction in Scope 3 emissions 
by FY 2027-28. We are making steady progress toward these 
goals, including a 20.63% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
and a 68.68% reduction in Scope 3 emissions against baseline. 
Across our India operations, 65.3% of electricity consumption 
now comes from renewable sources, 69% of waste is recycled, 
and 42.26% of office water is reused.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
192 193
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 116 =====
2.	 Details 	of	fin es/penalties/punishment/award/compounding 	fe es/settlement	amo unt	pa id	in	pr oceedings	(b y	th e	
entity	or	by	di rectors/KMPs)	wi th	re gulators/law	en forcement	ag encies/judicial	in stitutions,	in	th e	fin ancial	ye ar,	in	
the	following	fo rmat	(N ote:	Th e	en tity	sh all	ma ke	di sclosures	on	th e	ba sis	of	ma teriality	as	sp ecified	in	Re gulation	30	
of	S EBI 	( Listing 	O bligations	a nd	D isclosure	O bligations)	R egulations,	2 015	a nd	a s	d isclosed	o n	t he	e ntity’s	w ebsite):
Monetary
NGRBC 
Principle
Name of the regulatory/
enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutions
Amount 
(In INR)
Brief of the 
Case
Has an appeal 
been preferred? 
(Yes/No)
Penalty/ Fine NA NA 0 NA No
Settlement NA NA 0 NA No
Compounding fee NA NA 0 NA No
3.	 Of 	the	in stances	di sclosed	in	Qu estion	2	ab ove,	de tails	of	th e	Ap peal/	Re vision	pr eferred	in	ca ses	wh ere	mo netary	or	
non-monetary	action	has	been	appealed
Not Applicable
4.	 Does 	th e	en tity	ha ve	an	an ti-corruption	or	an ti-bribery	po licy?	If	ye s,	pr ovide	de tails	in	br ief	an d	if	av ailable,	pr ovide	
a	web-link	to	the	policy
Yes, the company has an Anti - Bribery & Anti - Corruption Policy that sets out its commitment to conducting business 
with honesty, integrity and in compliance with applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. The policy applies to 
individuals working across Indegene, including its affiliates and subsidiaries, and covers directors, senior executives, officers, 
employees, consultants, contractors, trainees, interns, agents and other associated persons. It outlines expectations for 
preventing, identifying and reporting bribery, corruption and related misconduct, and supports transparent and ethical 
business practices across operations and business relationships.
5.	 Number 	of	Di rectors/KMPs/employees/workers 	ag ainst	wh om	di sciplinary	ac tion	wa s	ta ken	by	an y	la w	en forcement	
agency	for	the	charges	of	bribery/corruption
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Directors 0 0
KMPs 0 0
Employees 0 0
Workers 0 0
6.	 Details 	of	complaints	with	regard	to	conflict	of	interest
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in 
relation to issues of conflict of interest 
of the Directors
0 NA 0 NA
Number of complaints received in 
relation to issues of conflict of interest 
of the KMPs
0 NA 0 NA
7.	 Provide 	de tails	of	an y	co rrective	ac tion	ta ken	or	un derway	on	is sues	re lated	to	fin es	/	pe nalties	/	ac tion	ta ken	by	
regulators/	law	enforcement	agencies/	judicial	institutions,	on	cases	of	corruption	and	conflicts	of	interest
Not Applicable
8.	 Number 	o f	d ays	o f	a ccounts	p ayables	( (Accounts	p ayable	* 365)	/	C ost	o f	g oods/services	p rocured)	i n	t he	f ollowing	f ormat
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Number of days of accounts payables 26 Days 18 Days
10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for Review Indicate whether review was undertaken 
by Director / Committee of the Board / 
Any other Committee
Frequency (Annually (A) / Half yearly 
(H) / Quarterly (Q) / Any other – please 
specify)
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against above 
policies and follow up action
Committee of the Board
•  Annually re viewed by the Risk 
Management Committee of the Board
Compliance with statutory 
requirements of relevance to the 
principles, and rectification of any 
non-compliances
Committee of the Board
•  Reviewed Half-yearly by the Risk 
Management Committee of the Board
11. Has the entity carried out independent assessment/ evaluation of the working of its policies by an external agency? (Yes/
No). If yes, provide name of the agency.
No
12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
The entity does not consider the principles material to its business (Yes/No)
Not Applicable
The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to formulate and implement 
the policies on specified principles (Yes/No)
The entity does not have the financial or/human and technical resources 
available for the task (Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No)
Any other reason
SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
PRINCIPLE 1 Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent 
and Accountable
Essential	Indicators
1.	 Percentage 	coverage	by	training	and	awareness	programmes	on	any	of	the	Principles	during	the	Financial	Year:
Segment Total number of 
training and awareness 
programmes held
Topics / principles covered under the 
training and its impact
% of persons in 
respective category 
covered by the 
awareness programmes
Board of Directors 5 Business and Operations Updates, 
Update on Risk Management, Industry 
Structures and Developments Updates, 
Update on Company’s Policies and 
Code of Conduct, Data Privacy Updates, 
Update on Regulatory Amendments as 
applicable, Update on ESG Framework
100%
KMP 5 Business and Operations Updates, 
Update on Risk Management, Industry 
Structures and Developments Updates, 
Update on Company’s Policies and 
Code of Conduct, Data Privacy Updates, 
Update on Regulatory Amendments as 
applicable, Update on ESG Framework
100%
Employees other than 
Board of Directors or 
KMPs
4 Acceptable Usage Policy (AUP), Anti-
Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC), 
ISMS and Data Privacy Awareness, 
QMS Awareness
95%
Workers NA NA NA
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
194 195
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 117 =====
PRINCIPLE 2 Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
Essential	Indicators
1. Percentage 	of	R&D	and	cap ital	exp enditure	(Ca pex)	inve stments	in	spe cific	tec hnologies	to	imp rove	the	env ironmental
and	social	impacts	of	product	and	processes	to	total	R&D	and	capex	investments	made	by	the	entity,	respectively
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25 Details of improvements in environmental and social impacts
R&D 0% 0% No specific R&D investment was made during the reporting period 
towards technologies intended to improve environmental or social 
impacts. Further, R&D expenditure is not separately disclosed in the 
Company’s financial statements.
Capex 0% 0% No specific capital expenditure was incurred during the reporting 
period towards technologies aimed at improving environmental or 
social impacts. Capex additions have been reported as per the financial 
statements.
2a.	 Does	the	entity	have	procedures	in	place	for	sustainable	sourcing?	(Yes/No)
Yes, the Company has procedures in place to support sustainable sourcing across its value chain. The Company has 
undertaken an ESG assessment of its supply chain in collaboration with an external agency, covering critical suppliers and 
benchmarking existing practices against recognised sustainability standards.
Based on this assessment, the Company developed a roadmap and action plan with short-, medium- and long-term 
sustainability priorities. The sustainable sourcing approach includes supplier due diligence, sustainability assessments, 
periodic reviews and adherence to relevant standards and certifications, wherever applicable.
The Company also engages with suppliers through audits and capacity-building initiatives to improve awareness and 
performance on ethical, environmental and social expectations. Oversight from leadership further supports the integration 
of responsible sourcing practices into the Company’s procurement and supplier management processes.
2b.	 If	yes,	what	percentage	of	inputs	were	sourced	sustainably?
As a service-based organization, our procurement primarily involves IT infrastructure, cloud services, software subscriptions, 
and professional services rather than physical raw materials. Given this context, the traditional computation of sustainably 
sourced “inputs” is not directly applicable.
However, we have established sustainable sourcing procedures that are integrated into our procurement processes. All 
critical suppliers undergo a comprehensive ESG assessment, and 100% of these suppliers have met the Company’s 
sustainable procurement criteria, which are aligned with our Business Partner Code of Conduct and assessed through 
structured Supplier Assessment Questionnaires.
While we currently do not compute the percentage of total inputs sourced sustainably across all categories, we are 
expanding our sustainability evaluation coverage to include a broader supplier base in the coming years. This forward-
looking approach ensures continuous improvement in embedding sustainability principles across our value chain.
3. Describe 	the	pro cesses	in	pla ce	to	saf ely	rec laim	your	pro ducts	for	reu sing,	rec ycling	and	dis posing	at	the	end	of	lif e,
for	(a)	Plastics	(including	packaging)	(b)	E-waste	(c)	Hazardous	waste	and	(d)	other	waste.
Indegene is a provider of digital transformation services for biopharmaceutical and medical device companies and does not 
manufacture physical products. Accordingly, product reclamation at end-of-life is not applicable in the conventional sense.
However, the Company follows the principles of reduce, reuse and recycle for managing waste generated from its
operations. Waste is segregated into applicable categories, including hazardous and non-hazardous waste, and is disposed 
of through authorised vendors/recyclers in compliance with applicable environmental regulations.
E-waste generated from office operations, such as computers, laptops, batteries and related IT equipment, is either
refurbished for reuse, including through CSR initiatives where feasible, or sent to authorised recyclers for responsible
recycling and disposal. The Company continues to prioritise safe waste handling, regulatory compliance and sustainable
waste management practices across its operations.
9. Open-ness 	of	business
Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along with loans and 
advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Parameter Metrics Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Concentration of 
Purchases
Purchases from trading houses as % of total 
purchases
Nil Nil Nil
Number of trading houses where purchases are 
made from
Nil Nil Nil
Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total 
purchases from trading houses
Nil Nil Nil
Concentration of 
Sales
Sales to dealers/distributors as % of total sales Nil Nil Nil
Number of dealers/distributors to whom sales are 
made
Nil Nil Nil
Sales to top 10 dealers/distributors as % of total 
sales to dealers/distributors
Nil Nil Nil
Share of RPTs in Purchases (Purchases with related parties/Total 
Purchases)
% 0.91% 0.32%
Sales (Sales to related parties/Total Sales) % 86.80% 84.13%
Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to 
related parties/ Total loans & advances) %
100% 100%
Investments (Investments in related parties/Total 
Investments made)
% 100% 100%
Leadership	Indicators
1. Awareness 	programmes	conducted	for	value	chain	partners	on	any	of	the	principles	during	the	Financial	Year:
Value Chain 
Partners
Total number 
of awareness 
programmes 
held
Topics / principles covered under the training % of value chain partners 
covered (by value of business 
done with such partners) under 
the awareness programmes
19 critical vendors 19
• Sustainable Supply Chain
• Global Supply Chain Related Issues
• SDG 12: Responsible Consumption & Pr oduction
•  Relevance Of Sustainable Supply Chain for
Indegene
•  Overview Of GHG Scopes & Emission across the
Value Chain
• Indegene’s C urrent Practices on Supply Chain
100% of critical vendors
2. Does 	th e	enti ty	ha ve	pr ocesses	in	pla ce	to	av oid/manage	co nflict	of	int erests	in volving	mem bers	of	th e	bo ard?	(Y es/
No)	If	yes,	provide	details	of	the	same
Yes, the Company has established processes to identify, disclose and manage potential conflicts of interest involving
members of the Board. The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management Personnel
i
n line with the applicable requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations, which requires Board members and senior
management to act in the best interests of the Company and disclose any actual or potential conflict of interest.
Board members are required to provide disclosures of their interests in other entities at the beginning of each financial
year and update the Company if any change arises during the year. Where a matter placed before the Board may involve
a potential conflict, the concerned Director is expected to disclose the relevant facts and circumstances and abstain from
participating in discussions or decision-making on such matter.
The Company has also adopted a Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transactions and Dealing with Related Party
Transactions , which supports the identification, review and approval of related party transactions. Together, these
mechanisms help ensure that conflicts of interest are managed transparently and that decisions are taken in the best
interests of the Company.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
196 197
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 118 =====
5.	 Reclaimed 	products	and	their	packaging	materials	(as	percentage	of	products	sold)	for	each	product	category.
Indicate Product Category Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total 
products sold in respective category
Not applicable. The Company is engaged in providing services and does not sell physical products or associated packaging 
materials. Accordingly, reporting reclaimed products and packaging materials as a percentage of products sold is not 
applicable.
PRINCIPLE 3 Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains
Essential	Indicators
1a.	 Details	of	measures	for	the	well-being	of	employees:
% of employees covered by
Category Total 
(A)
Health insurance Accident insurance Maternity	bene fits Paternity	be nefits Day Care facilities
Number 
(B)
% 
(B/A)
Number 
(C)
% (C/A) Number 
(D)
% (D/A) Number 
(E)
% (E/A) Number 
(F)
% (F/A)
Permanent employees
Male 2598 2595 99.88% 2598 100% NA NA 2598 100% 2598 100%
Female 2081 2081 100% 2081 100% 2081 100% NA NA 2081 100%
Total 4679 4676 99.94% 4679 100% 2081 100% 2598 100% 4679 100%
Other than Permanent employees
Male NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Female NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Total NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
1b.	 Details	of	measures	for	the	well-being	of	workers:
All our workforce is categorized as ‘Employees’ and none as ‘Workers’.
1c.	 Spending	on	me asures	to wards	we ll-being	of	em ployees	an d	wo rkers	(i ncluding	pe rmanent	an d	ot her	th an	pe rmanent)	
in	the	following	format:
Particulars FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25*
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of total revenue of the Company 2.63% 2.55%
*The previous year’s figures have been restated to align with the current year’s methodology for calculating expenditure on employee and 
worker well-being, ensuring consistency and comparability across reporting periods.
2.	 Details 	of	retirement	benefits,	for	current	financial	year	and	previous	financial	year
Benefits FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
No. of Employees 
covered as a % of 
total employees
Deducted and 
deposited with the 
authority
No. of Employees 
covered as a % of 
total employees
Deducted and 
deposited with the 
authority
PF 100.00% Yes 100.00% Yes
Gratuity 100.00% Yes 100.00% Yes
Employee State Insurance (ESI) 0.64*% Yes 1.13% Yes
- All our workforce is categorized as ‘Employees’ and none as ‘Workers’.
- PF and Gratuity benefits are given to permanent employees only. It excludes trainees and interns.
*Three of our employees are covered under ESI.
4.	 Whether 	Ex tended	Pr oducer	Re sponsibility	(E PR)	is	ap plicable	to	th e	en tity’s	ac tivities	(Y es	/	No ).	If	ye s,	wh ether	th e	
waste	collection	pl an	is	in	li ne	wi th	th e	Ex tended	Pr oducer	Re sponsibility	(E PR)	pl an	su bmitted	to	Po llution	Co ntrol	
Boards?	If	not,	provide	steps	taken	to	address	the	same.
Not Applicable. Indegene is a tech-native, life sciences specialist company and we do not engage in product manufacturing.
Leadership	Indicators
1.	 Has 	the	en tity	co nducted	Li fe	Cy cle	Pe rspective	/	As sessments	(L CA)	fo r	an y	it s	pr oducts	(f or	man ufacturing	in dustry)	
or	for	its	services	(for	service	industry)?	If	yes,	provide	details	in	the	following	format.
NIC 
Code
Name of 
Product/
Service
% of total 
Turnover 
contributed
Boundary for which the 
Life Cycle Perspective / 
Assessment was conducted
Whether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Yes/No)
Results communicated in 
public domain (Yes/No)
If yes, provide the web-link.
This does not apply to Indegene Limited. Indegene Limited is the strategic operating partner to the life sciences industry, 
orchestrating commercial, medical, R&D, and safety operations across the product lifecycle. The Company does not manufacture 
physical products and has not conducted Life Cycle Perspective/Assessment for its services during the reporting period.
2.	 If 	there	ar e	an y	si gnificant	so cial	or	en vironmental	co ncerns	an d/or	ri sks	ar ising	fr om	pr oduction	or	di sposal	of	you r	
products	/	s ervices,	a s	i dentified	i n	t he	L ife	C ycle	P erspective	/	A ssessments	( LCA)	o r	t hrough	a ny	o ther	m eans,	b riefly	
describe	the	same	along-with	action	taken	to	mitigate	the	same
Not Applicable.
Indegene Limited is the strategic operating partner to the life sciences industry, orchestrating commercial, medical, R&D, 
and safety operations across the product lifecycle. By integrating technology into how work is executed and scaled, 
Indegene enables life sciences organizations to deliver measurable outcomes in regulated environments. We do not engage 
in product manufacturing.
3.	 Percentage 	of	re cycled	or	re used	in put	ma terial	to	to tal	ma terial	(b y	va lue)	us ed	in	pr oduction	(f or	ma nufacturing	
industry)	or	providing	services	(for	service	industry)
Indicate Input Material Recycled or re-used input material to total material
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Not applicable. Indegene Limited  is the strategic operating partner to the life sciences industry, orchestrating commercial, 
medical, R&D, and safety operations across the product lifecycle. Trusted by the world’s top 20 biopharma companies, 
Indegene helps run complex, highly regulated workflows at global scale. Indegene combines deep life sciences expertise with 
AI-embedded platforms and governed operating models to improve speed, consistency, and compliance across mission-critical 
operations. By integrating technology into how work is executed and scaled, Indegene enables life sciences organizations to 
deliver measurable outcomes in regulated environments.
The Company does not manufacture physical products or use input materials in the conventional production process. 
Accordingly, disclosure of recycled or reused input material as a percentage of total material used is not applicable.
4.	 Of 	the	pr oducts	an d	pa ckaging	re claimed	at	en d	of	li fe	of	pr oducts,	am ount	(i n	me tric	to nnes)	re used,	re cycled,	an d	
safely	disposed,	as	per	the	following	format:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Re-used Recycled Safely Disposed Re-used Recycled Safely Disposed
Plastics (including packaging) Not applicable. The Company does not manufacture or sell physical products and does not 
place product packaging in the market. Therefore, reclamation of products and packaging at 
end of life is not applicable.
E-waste
Hazardous waste
Other waste
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
198 199
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 119 =====
8.	 Details 	of	training	given	to	employees	and	workers:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
On Skill upgradation On Skill upgradation
Total (A) No. (B) % (B / A) Total (C) No. (D) % (D / C)
Total Permanent Employees
Male 2598 2573 99.04% 2372 2348 98.99%
Female 2081 2071 99.52% 1781 1776 99.72%
Total 4679 4644 99.25% 4153 4124 99.3%
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
On Health and Safety measures On Health and Safety measures
Total (A) No. (B) % (B / A) Total (C) No. (D) % (D / C)
Total Permanent Employees
Male 2598 2158 83.06% 2372 2372 100%
Female 2081 1714 82.36% 1781 1781 100%
Total 4679 3872 82.75% 4153 4153 100%
9.	 Details 	of	performance	and	career	development	reviews	of	employees	and	worker:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) No. (B) % (B/A) Total (A) No. (B) % (B/A)
Total Permanent Employees
Male 2598 2384 91.76% 2372 2291 96.59%
Female 2081 1862 89.48% 1781 1594 89.50%
Total 4679 4246 90.75% 4153 3885 93.55%
10.	 Health	and	safety	management	system:
	 a.	 	Whether	an	occupational	health	and	safe ty	management	sy stem	has	been	implemented	by	the	entity ?	(Y es/	No).	
If	yes,	the	system	coverage?
Yes, the Company has implemented an occupational health and safety management system within its operational 
boundary. Demonstrating our commitment to a safe and healthy work environment, the Company has implemented 
ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 certifications. In addition, we actively promote employee health and wellness 
through various programs, ensuring a safe and supportive workplace for all.
	 b.	 	What	are	the	processes	used	to	identify	work -related	hazar ds	and	assess	risks	on	a	routine	and	non-routine	basis	
by	the	entity?
At Indegene, work-related hazards and risks are identified through an ongoing Hazard Identification and Risk Analysis 
(“HIRA”) process. This activity encompasses both routine and non-routine tasks, ensuring continuous assessment 
of occupational health & safety risks. Based on the risk ratings determined from the analysis, appropriate training 
programs, protective devices, and control measures are implemented to mitigate risks. The Environment, Health, 
and Safety (“EHS”) staff at the Company are well-qualified, and their skills are regularly updated through continual 
training, ensuring that all risks remain controlled and within acceptable limits.
	 c.	 	Whether	you	have	processes	for	work ers	to	repor t	the	work -related	hazar ds	and	to	remo ve	themselves	from	
such	risks.	(Yes/No)
Yes
	 d.	 	Do	the	employ ees/	work er	of	the	entity	have	access	to	non-occupational	medical	and	healthcare	services ? 
(Yes/	No)
Yes
3.	 Accessibility 	of	workplaces
The Company has taken measures in line with the Harmonised Guidelines and Standards for Universal Accessibility in India 
to make its workplaces more accessible and supportive for differently abled individuals. Key accessibility features include:
a) Specially designed restrooms for differently abled individuals
b) Braille-enabled elevator buttons
c) Lowered lift buttons for ease of access
d) Voice assistance in elevators
e) Adjustable-height workstations
f) Tactile indicators on the ground floor to support access to elevator areas
These measures are aimed at enabling safer and more convenient movement within the workplace and creating a more 
inclusive working environment. The Company remains committed to improving workplace accessibility and strengthening 
infrastructure support for differently abled individuals.
4.	 Does 	th e	en tity	ha ve	an	eq ual	op portunity	po licy	as	pe r	th e	Ri ghts	of	Pe rsons	wi th	Di sabilities	Ac t,	20 16?	If	so ,	pr ovide	
a	web-link	to	the	policy.
The Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and follows the principles of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 
2016. Our Labour and Human Rights Policy  reflects our commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion by ensuring equal 
opportunities for persons with disabilities. We strive to create an inclusive, barrier-free workplace where all employees 
can participate, contribute, and grow fairly.
5.	 Return 	to	work	and	Retention	rates	of	permanent	employees	that	took	parental	leave
Gender Permanent Employees Permanent Workers 
Return to work rate Retention rate Return to work rate Retention rate
Male 100% 78.72% NA NA
Female 100% 83.46% NA NA
Total 100% 81.02% NA NA
6.	 Is 	there	a	me chanism	av ailable	to	re ceive	an d	re dress	gr ievances	fo r	th e	fo llowing	ca tegories	of	em ployees?	If	ye s,	
give	details	of	the	mechanism	in	brief.
Yes/No (If yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent 
Employees
Complaints at Indegene can be submitted through multiple channels;
•  Speak Up, a dedicated confidential mechanism managed b y a third-party service provider, designed 
to ensure anonymity and ease of reporting.
• whistleblower@indegene.com – dedicated mail-id for reporting whistle blower complaints.
•  In-person, by traditional mail or by email to the Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) or Chairman of the 
Audit Committee.
•  GEC (Global Ethics & Compliance) website, which provides an online channel for submitting 
complaints and concerns in a structured and accessible manner.
The detailed procedure for raising grievances is outlined in the Whistle Blower Policy
Other than 
Permanent 
Employees
7.	 Membership 	of	employees	and	workers	in	association(s)	or	Unions	recognised	by	the	listed	entity:
The Company’s payroll comprises white-collar permanent employees who are not affiliated with any trade unions.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
200 201
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 120 =====
Leadership	Indicators
1. Does 	the	ent ity	ext end	any	lif e	ins urance	or	any	com pensatory	pac kage	in	the	eve nt	of	dea th	of	(A)	Emp loyees
(
Yes/No)
Yes. The Company provides life insurance coverage to all employees under a Group Term Life Insurance policy. Associates
are covered under the Free Cover Limit without requiring health declarations or medical reports. The sum insured is a
minimum of INR 24,00,000 or up to 1.5 times the employee’s annual CTC, ensuring financial support to the nominee in
the unfortunate event of an employee’s death.
2. Provide 	the	mea sures	und ertaken	by	the	ent ity	to	ens ure	tha t	sta tutory	due s	hav e	bee n	ded ucted	and	dep osited	by
the	value	chain	partners.
The Company has established processes to monitor statutory compliance by its value chain partners, particularly manpower 
contract vendors and service providers. The measures undertaken include:
a) Conducting periodic audits to verify compliance with applicable statutory obligations, including Provident Fund, ESI
and other relevant labour law requirements
b ) R e v i e w i n g  p r o o f  o f  d e d u c t i o n  a n d  d e p o s i t  o f  s t a t u t o r y  d u e s  f o r  c o n t r a c t u a l  m a n p o w e r  d e p l o y e d  a t  t h e
Company’s facilities
c) Monitoring receipts, challans and other supporting documents submitted by service providers as evidence of
statutory payments
d) Withholding vendor payments in cases of non-compliance until the required documentation and compliance evidence
are provided
e) Maintaining compliance-related records and tracking documentation through a centralised platform to support
systematic review and accountability
These measures help the Company strengthen oversight, promote transparency and ensure that statutory obligations are 
duly met by relevant value chain partners.
3. Provide 	the	num ber	of	emp loyees	hav ing	suf fered	hig h	con sequence	wor k-related	inj ury	/	ill -health	/	fat alities	(as
reported	in	Q11	of	Ess ential	Ind icators	abov e),	who	hav e	bee n	reh abilitated	and	pla ced	in	sui table	emp loyment	or
whose	family	members	have	been	placed	in	suitable	employment:
Not Applicable, as there were no high-consequence work-related injuries / ill-health / fatalities.
4. Does 	the	en tity	pr ovide	tr ansition	as sistance	pr ograms	to	fa cilitate	con tinued	em ployability	and	the	ma nagement	of
career	endings	resulting	from	retirement	or	termination	of	employment?
The Company does not currently offer formal outplacement or structured transition assistance programmes for employees 
retiring or exiting employment. However, it supports responsible workforce management and continued employability
through the following measures:
a) Former employees who have exited in good standing may be considered for re-employment, subject to business
requirements, role suitability and applicable hiring processes
b) The Company recognises the value of institutional knowledge and prior experience, while ensuring that rehiring
decisions are made transparently and in line with internal governance standards
c) Employees have access to learning and development platforms that support upskilling, reskilling and continued
professional growth during their employment
d) These learning resources help employees build relevant capabilities and remain prepared for evolving career
opportunities, including future role transitions
This approach enables the Company to support long-term employability while maintaining fairness, compliance and
consistency in its workforce practices.
11. Details	of	safety	related	incidents,	in	the	following	format:
Safety Incident/Number Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (L TIFR) (per one million-person hours worked) Employees 0 0
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees 0 0
No. of fatalities Employees 0 0
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding fatalities) Employees 0 0
12. Describe	the	measures	taken	by	the	entity	to	ensure	a	safe	and	healthy	workplace
At Indegene, maintaining a safe and healthy work environment is a fundamental priority. The Company has adopted the
ISO 45001:2018 standard to manage its Occupational Health and Safety Management System (“OHSMS”). An established
OHS policy reflects top management’s commitment to ensuring workplace safety and employee well-being. Occupational
health and safety risks are systematically identified through HIRA, with appropriate control measures implemented based
on risk assessments and aligned with the hierarchy of controls. This process is continuous, with periodic reviews to ensure
risks are effectively managed within acceptable levels.
Indegene has designated qualified EHS professionals to oversee the OHSMS and conducts regular EHS training programs
for employees. A structured incident reporting system is in place, enabling employees to report incidents, near misses,
or observations, which are thoroughly investigated to prevent recurrence. The effectiveness of implemented controls is
evaluated through regular internal audits, with findings reviewed by top management. Additionally, the Company has
established an Emergency Response Plan to address potential emergency situations across its facilities.
13. Number	of	Complaints	on	the	following	made	by	employees	and	workers:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed during 
the year 
Pending 
resolution at the 
end of the year
Remarks Filed during 
the year 
Pending 
resolution at the 
end of the year
Remarks
Working Conditions 0 0 0 0 0 0
Health & Safety 0 0 0 0 0 0
14. Assessments	for	the	year:
%	of	your	plants	and	offices	that	were	assessed	(by	entity	or	statutory	
authorities or third parties)
Health & Safety Practices 100%*
Working Conditions 33%
*This includes the two offices of the company in Bengaluru. The Company does not exercise operational control over the following four sites:
Hyderabad, Noida, Pune and Mumbai.
15. Provide	det ails	of	any	cor rective	act ion	tak en	or	und erway	to	add ress	saf ety-related	inc idents	(if	any )	and	on	sig nificant
risks	/	concerns	arising	from	assessments	of	health	&	safety	practices	and	working	conditions.
No corrective action was required during the reporting period, as there were no safety-related incidents or significant risks/
concerns identified from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions.
However, the Company has proactive mechanisms to respond to potential health and safety concerns, should they arise.
These include:
a) Identifying the root cause of reported hazards, near misses or incidents
b) Implementing appropriate corrective and preventive actions in a timely manner
c) Reviewing and updating control measures to maintain a safe working environment
d) Documenting changes in procedures or controls to help prevent recurrence
e) Conducting employee training and awareness programs to support emergency preparedness and compliance with
safety requirements.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
202 203
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 121 =====
2.	 List 	stakeholder	gr oups	id entified	as	ke y	fo r	you r	en tity	an d	th e	fr equency	of	en gagement	wi th	ea ch	st akeholder	gr oup.
Stakeholder 
Group
Group Whether 
identified	as	
vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group (Yes/No)
Channels of communication 
(Email, SMS, Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, Advertisement, 
Community Meetings, 
Notice Board, Website, 
Other)
Frequency of 
engagement 
(Annually/ Half 
yearly/ Quarterly 
/ others – please 
specify)
Purpose and scope of engagement 
including key topics and concerns 
raised during such engagement
Shareholder 
and Investors
No Quarterly earnings calls, 
annual general meeting, stock 
exchange filings, investor 
meetings, press releases, 
annual reports, e-mails, SMS, 
newspaper advertisements 
and website
Annually, half-
yearly, quarterly 
and need basis
Engagement with shareholders and 
investors includes communication 
on Board decisions, quarterly 
performance updates, statutory and 
regulatory requirements, annual 
reports, notices of general meetings 
and other investor-related disclosures.
Suppliers No E-mails, one-on-one meetings Ongoing basis The Company engages with suppliers 
on procurement-related matters, 
service delivery and compliance 
requirements. The Company also 
ensures that vendor payments are 
made within the due date.
Client No Client visits and meetings, 
customer satisfaction surveys, 
social media, and e-mails
Ongoing basis The Company engages with clients 
to understand expectations and 
gather feedback on service delivery, 
project timelines, execution-related 
challenges and overall satisfaction. 
These engagements support 
customer excellence, continuous 
improvement and alignment with 
client business objectives.
Directors No Quarterly meetings, e-mails, 
and website
Ongoing basis Communications with the Board 
include notices, agendas, meeting 
invites, regulatory updates and 
other relevant information on an 
ongoing basis. These engagements 
support decision-making, governance 
oversight and adoption of appropriate 
control mechanisms.
Government 
Authorities 
No Press releases, surveys 
by RBI, quarterly results, 
annual reports, sustainability/
integrated reports, stock 
exchange filings and MCA 
filings
Ongoing basis The Company engages with 
regulators and government authorities 
for various matters, including 
statutory filings, regulatory updates, 
representations, disclosures and other 
applicable compliance requirements.
Employee No Internal communication via 
various modes
Ongoing basis Employee engagement at 
Indegene focuses on building a 
culture of belonging, connection, 
and collaboration through open 
communication and recognition of 
contributions. This is supported 
by annual feedback mechanisms 
(Great Place To Work and Employee 
Satisfaction Surveys) that enable 
continuous listening and action.
Key insights highlight the need for 
more transparent and consistent 
communication during periods of 
change, clearer visibility on career 
growth opportunities, greater 
integration of AI in day-to-day work, 
and enhanced recognition avenues.
These insights guide targeted 
interventions, and evolving people 
practices across the organization.
5.	 Details 	on	assessment	of	value	chain	partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) 
that were assessed
Health & Safety Practices 100% of critical vendors
Working Conditions 100% of critical vendors
6.	 Provide 	de tails	of	an y	co rrective	ac tions	ta ken	or	un derway	to	ad dress	si gnificant	ri sks	/	co ncerns	ar ising	fr om	
assessments	of	health	and	safety	practices	and	working	conditions	of	value	chain	partners.
No corrective actions were required during the reporting period, as no significant risks or concerns were identified 
from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners. The Company 
continues to monitor relevant practices, as applicable, to support safe and compliant working conditions across its 
value chain.
PRINCIPLE 4 Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders
Essential	Indicators
1.	 Describe 	the	processes	for	identifying	key	stakeholder	groups	of	the	entity.
The Company identifies its key stakeholder groups through a structured process that considers its business model, nature 
of operations, value chain relationships, and the individuals or groups that may either influence or be impacted by the 
Company’s activities. The process is guided by the need to engage meaningfully with stakeholders who are relevant to 
the Company’s business, sustainability priorities, regulatory expectations and long-term value creation.
As part of this process, the Company reviews internal and external sources such as previous sustainability disclosures, 
annual reports, financial information, stakeholder inputs, industry benchmarks, peer practices and applicable regulatory 
requirements. These inputs help the Company identify stakeholder groups that are directly or indirectly connected to its 
operations and value chain, including employees, senior management, clients, suppliers, communities, academic institutions 
and other relevant external stakeholders.
The Company also undertakes stakeholder mapping to assess the interest, influence and relevance of each stakeholder 
group. This helps determine the appropriate level and mode of engagement with different stakeholders. The Company 
recognises that stakeholder identification is not a one-time exercise and that stakeholder relevance may evolve with 
changes in business priorities, operating context, industry developments and sustainability expectations.
During the reporting period, the Company undertook a refreshed Double Materiality Assessment to strengthen stakeholder 
engagement and prioritisation, building on the materiality work conducted in previous years. Tailored questionnaires, 
surveys and materiality interactions were used to capture stakeholder perspectives on key environmental, social and 
governance matters. The inputs received were assessed from both impact materiality and financial materiality perspectives, 
enabling the Company to understand the expectations of its stakeholders as well as the relevance of sustainability topics 
to its business performance.
Through this process, the Company identifies and prioritises stakeholder groups that are most relevant to its business, 
operations and value chain, and uses their inputs to strengthen its materiality assessment, sustainability disclosures and 
decision-making processes.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
204 205
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 122 =====
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage
Total (D) Equal to Minimum 
Wage
More than 
Minimum Wage
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A) No. (E) % (E/D) No. (F) % (F/D)
Employees
Permanent
Male 2598 0 0 2598 100% 2,372 0 0 2,372 100%
Female 2081 0 0 2081 100% 1,781 0 0 1,781 100%
Total 4679 0 0 4679 100% 4,153 0 0 4,153 100%
Other than Permanent
Male 299 0 0 299 100% 201 0 0 201 100%
Female 189 0 0 189 100% 131 0 0 131 100%
Total 488 0 0 488 100% 332 0 0 332 100%
3. Details 	of	remuneration/salary/wages
a. Median 	remuneration	/	wages	paid:
Male Female
Number Median Remuneration Number Median Remuneration
Board of Directors (BoD) 2 5,31,25,000 0 0
Key Managerial Personnel 1 3,50,00,000 1 72,00,000
Employees other than BoD and KMP 2,595 19,33,012 2080 13,82,503
b. Gross 	wages	paid	to	females	as	%	of	total	wages	paid	by	the	entity:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 35.23% 34.13%
4. Do 	you	hav e	a	foc al	poi nt	(In dividual/	Com mittee)	res ponsible	for	add ressing	hum an	rig hts	imp acts	or	iss ues	cau sed
or	contributed	to	by	the	business?	(Yes/No)
No, the Company has not designated a specific individual or committee as a dedicated focal point for addressing human
rights impacts or issues. However, oversight of human rights-related matters is embedded within the Company’s broader
compliance and governance framework. The relevant management and compliance teams are responsible for the periodic
review and implementation of the Labour and Human Rights Policy , which outlines the Company’s commitment to
preventing human rights violations and adopting risk-based due diligence processes across its operations and value chain.
The Company also extends its human rights expectations to its business partners through the Business Partner Code
of Conduct , which requires third-party vendors to adhere to applicable human rights standards. Compliance with
these expectations is monitored through the procurement function as part of the Company’s supplier governance and
compliance processes.
Underpinning this framework, the Company’s focus on ethics — anchored by its GEC website, gec.indegene.com — further 
enables the responsible identification and addressing of human rights impacts, reinforcing ethical conduct across the
Company’s operations and decision-making.
5. Describe 	the	internal	mechanisms	in	place	to	redress	grievances	related	to	human	rights	issues.
The Company has instituted comprehensive and structured grievance redressal mechanisms to address concerns pertaining
to human rights violations. Individuals may submit complaints through various channels, including:
• An Online reporting portal,
• a dedicated anonymous hotline administered by an independent third-party service provider,
• the designated whistleblower email address ( whistleblower@indegene.com ),
Leadership	Indicators
1. Provide 	th e	pr ocesses	fo r	co nsultation	be tween	st akeholders	and	th e	Bo ard	on	ec onomic,	en vironmental,	and	so cial
topics	or	if	consultation	is	delegated,	how	is	feedback	from	such	consultations	provided	to	the	Board.
The Company engages stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics through relevant departments
responsible for stakeholder engagement. Feedback gathered via surveys, meetings, and other communication channels
is reviewed by senior management and incorporated into decision-making processes. These insights influence the
development of policies and practices, ensuring alignment with stakeholder expectations and the Company’s responsible
business objectives.
2. Whether 	sta keholder	cons ultation	is	used	to	sup port	the	iden tification	and	man agement	of	env ironmental,	and	soc ial
topics	(Yes/No).
If	so,	provide	det ails	of	ins tances	as	to	how	the	inp uts	rec eived	fro m	sta keholders	on	the se	top ics	wer e	inc orporated
into	policies	and	activities	of	the	entity.
Yes, we use stakeholder consultation to support the identification and management of environmental and social topics.
We regularly engage with our employees, clients, partners, communities, and other stakeholders to understand their
expectations, gather insights, and identify issues that could significantly impact our ability to create value. This ongoing
engagement helps us foster long-term relationships based on trust and transparency.
As part of our materiality analysis, we assess and prioritize key ESG topics that are most significant to our stakeholders and
business. The materiality process includes stakeholder consultations, surveys, and workshops to identify topics of greatest
importance, such as climate action, diversity, and community well-being. These insights are translated into actionable Key
Performance Indicators that influence strategic decision-making and drive operational improvements.
We also align our ESG strategies with client requirements, including validated SBTi, ESG assessments, and disclosures.
This alignment ensures that we meet evolving regulatory requirements, global sustainability trends, and stakeholder
priorities while setting ambitious and measurable ESG targets to guide our sustainability journey. This integrated approach
shapes our policies and procedures, enabling us to focus on areas of greatest impact and drive meaningful change.
3. Provide 	det ails	of	ins tances	of	eng agement	wit h,	and	act ions	tak en	to,	add ress	the	con cerns	of	vul nerable/	mar ginalized
stakeholder	gro ups.
At Indegene, while our primary long-term investments are directed towards advancing deep science, innovation, and
intellectual property creation, we remain profoundly committed to promoting community well-being and inclusive
development. We engage with vulnerable and underserved communities through structured partnerships with highly
reputable, structured organizations. Through these collaborations, we address identified community needs and work
towards delivering measurable and sustainable social outcomes.
PRINCIPLE 5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Essential	Indicators
1. Employees 	and	workers	who	have	been	provided	training	on	human	rights	issues	and	policy(ies)	of	the	entity:
Category FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total (A) No. of 
employees/ 
workers 
covered (B)
% (B/A) Total (C) No. of 
employees/ 
workers 
covered (D)
% (C/D)
Employees
Permanent 4679 4585 97.99% 4153 4007 96.48%
Other than Permanent 488 438 89.75% 332 282 84.94%
Total 5167 5023 97.21% 4485 4289 95.63%
2. Details 	of	minimum	wages	paid	to	employees	and	workers,	in	the	following	format:
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
206 207
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 123 =====
provisions on human rights. As part of the contracting process, partners must read, understand, and agree to comply with 
these human rights requirements, ensuring that all business activities align with the Company’s ethical standards.
10.	 Assessments	for	the	year:
%	of	your	plants	and	offices	that	were	assessed	(by	entity	or	
statutory authorities or third parties)
Child labour 100%
Forced/involuntary labour 100%
Sexual harassment 100%
Discrimination at workplace 100%
Wages 100%
11.	 Provide	de tails	of	an y	co rrective	ac tions	ta ken	or	un derway	to	ad dress	si gnificant	ri sks	/	co ncerns	ar ising	fr om	th e	
assessments	at	Question	9	above.
There were no significant risks/concerns arising from the assessments done.
Leadership	Indicators
1.	 Details 	of	a	bu siness	pr ocess	be ing	mo dified	/	int roduced	as	a	re sult	of	ad dressing	hu man	ri ghts	gr ievances/complaints.
No business process was required to be modified or newly introduced during the reporting period, as no formal human 
rights-related grievances or complaints were reported.
However, the Company continues to take a proactive approach to identifying and mitigating potential human rights risks. 
Its policies and internal processes are reviewed periodically to ensure alignment with applicable legal requirements and 
human rights expectations. The Company also requires its vendors, suppliers and business partners to comply with the 
Business Partner Code of Conduct , which includes expectations related to human rights and labour practices.
In addition, employee-facing documents such as employment contracts and the Employee Handbook are updated, as 
required, to reinforce awareness of rights, responsibilities and expected conduct. This enables the Company to promote 
responsible business practices across its operations and value chain, even in the absence of reported grievances.
2.	 Details 	of	the	scope	and	coverage	of	any	Human	rights	due	diligence	conducted.
The Company undertakes human rights due diligence across its operations and value chain in line with its Labour and 
Human Rights Policy. The scope of this due diligence covers employees, suppliers and business partners, and is aimed at 
promoting responsible conduct across the Company’s business ecosystem.
The due diligence process focuses on key human rights and labour-related areas, including fair employment practices, 
prevention of child labour and forced labour, non-discrimination, respect for freedom of association, and compliance with 
applicable labour and human rights requirements. The Company also expects its suppliers and business partners to uphold 
these principles through its Business Partner Code of Conduct .
As part of its compliance approach, the Company periodically reviews potential human rights risks and, where required, 
undertakes appropriate corrective or preventive measures. This helps strengthen the Company’s ability to identify, assess 
and address actual or potential human rights impacts across its operations and value chain.
3.	 Is 	the	pr emise/office	of	th e	en tity	ac cessible	to	di fferently	ab led	vi sitors,	as	pe r	th e	re quirements	of	th e	Ri ghts	of	
Persons	with	Disabilities	Act,	2016?
Yes, the Company’s premises/offices have accessibility measures to support differently abled visitors in accordance with 
applicable requirements. The facilities provided include:
a) Special restrooms for differently abled persons
b) Braille script on lift control panels
c) Tactile Ground Surface Indicators in common areas of the building
d) Lowered lift control panels for ease of access
e) Wheelchairs available on each floor
These measures are intended to enable safe, convenient and inclusive access for differently abled visitors.
• in-person submissions to designated compliance officers,
• traditional postal mail, or
• direct electronic correspondence to the Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) or members of the Audit Committee
In addition to the above, GEC website, which provides an online channel for submitting complaints and concerns in a 
structured and accessible manner.
In matters specifically relating to sexual harassment, employees are encouraged to report grievances directly to POSH@
indegene.com in accordance with the provisions of the Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) policy.
All complaints are subject to systematic tracking and oversight to ensure appropriate resolution. Furthermore, stakeholder 
feedback is regularly solicited and incorporated into the continuous enhancement of the grievance management framework. 
Whistle Blower Policy
6.	 Number 	of	Complaints	on	the	following	made	by	employees:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Filed 
during 
the year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end 
of year
Remarks Filed 
during 
the year
Pending 
resolution 
at the end 
of year
Remarks
Sexual Harassment 1 0 Termination. Case 
closed during FY 
2025-26
1 0 Conciliation. Case 
closed during FY 
2024-25
Discrimination at workplace 0 0 0 0 0 0
Child Labour 0 0 0 0 0 0
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour 0 0 0 0 0 0
Wages 0 0 0 0 0 0
Other Human Rights related issues 0 0 0 0 0 0
7.	 Complaints 	fil ed	un der	th e	Se xual	Ha rassment	of	Wo men	at	Wo rkplace	(P revention,	Pr ohibition	an d	Re dressal)	Ac t,	
2013,	in	the	following	format:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)
1 1
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers 0.05% 0.05%*
Complaints on POSH upheld 1 1
*The FY 2024-25 figure for complaints on POSH as a percentage of female employees/workers has been restated to 0.05% from 0.5% reported 
previously, due to an inadvertent typographical error. There is no change in the number of complaints reported or upheld for FY 2024-25.
8.	 Mechanisms 	to	prevent	adverse	consequences	to	the	complainant	in	discrimination	and	harassment	cases.
The Company has mechanisms in place to prevent adverse consequences to complainants in cases relating to discrimination 
and harassment. These measures are intended to protect the complainant’s safety, dignity and ability to continue working 
without fear of retaliation or further discomfort.
Depending on the nature of the case and the complainant’s requirements, the Company may provide interim relief measures 
such as transfer of the complainant or respondent, temporary leave for the complainant for a period of up to three months 
in addition to regular leave, changes in reporting structure, modification of work arrangements, including work-from-home 
adjustments, or any other suitable relief required to ensure a safe and supportive working environment.
9.	 Do 	human	rights	requirements	form	part	of	your	business	agreements	and	contracts?	(Yes/No)
Yes. The Company ensures that human rights requirements are an integral part of all business agreements and contracts. All 
vendors and business partners are required to adhere to the Company’s Business Partner Code of Conduct, which includes 
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
208 209
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 124 =====
2. Does 	the	ent ity	hav e	any	sit es	/	fac ilities	ide ntified	as	des ignated	con sumers	(DC s)	und er	the	Per formance,	Ach ieve
and	Trade	(PAT)	Scheme	of	the	Government	of	India?
Not Applicable. We are not an industry with high energy consumption, such as chemical, steel, cement etc., so PAT scheme
is not applicable.
3. Provide 	details	of	the	following	disclosures	related	to	water,	in	the	following	format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water Nil Nil
(ii) Groundwater 1,874.39 1997.7
(iii)  Third party water 1,868.79 511
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water Nil Nil
(v)  Others 100.64 129.338
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 3,843.82 2638.038
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) 3,843.82 2638.038
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed / Revenue from 
operations)
0.00000031 0.00000024**
Water intensity* (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity 
(Water consumed in KL/FTE)
0.82 0.64
*We used employee headcount to work our water intensity.
**The previous year’s intensity figures have been restated to reflect a revised unit of measurement adopted for the current reporting period. 
The change relates only to the presentation of the intensity metric, and the underlying data and performance remain unchanged.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?  
(Yes/No) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, reasonable assurance for BRSR core indicators have been carried out by TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd.
4. Provide 	the	following	details	related	to	water	discharged:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water 0 0
(ii) Groundwater 1,212 511
(iii)  Third party water 0 0
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water 0 0
(v) Others 0 0
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) 1,212 511
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?  
(Yes/No) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, reasonable assurance for BRSR core indicators have been carried out by TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd.
5. Has 	the	ent ity	imp lemented	a	mec hanism	for	Zer o	Liq uid	Dis charge?	If	yes,	prov ide	det ails	of	its	cover age
and	implementation.
Not Applicable as we are a tech-native, life sciences specialist company. At the Company, minimal wastewater generation,
coupled with effective existing treatment methods, ensures that its environmental impact is well-managed. The Company’s
largest delivery centre operates out of a managed Business Park, which adheres to current regulatory standards and
industry best practices, to operate sustainably without the need for a Zero Liquid Discharge system.
4. Details 	on	assessment	of	value	chain	partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such 
partners) that were assessed
Sexual Harassment
100% of critical vendors
Discrimination at workplace
Child Labour
Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour
Wages
As part of our continuous effort to enhance supply chain practices, we partnered with an external agency to evaluate our 
supply chain operations from an ESG perspective. This collaboration involved benchmarking our practices against industry 
best standards and outlining a strategic roadmap for establishing a sustainable supply chain framework.
A comprehensive ESG assessment was conducted, encompassing all critical suppliers, and culminated in capacity-building 
workshops. Based on the findings, we developed an elaborate action plan with short-, medium-, and long-term goals to 
guide our sustainability journey.
We actively engage with suppliers to enhance their ESG performance through capacity-building initiatives, training 
workshops, and audits. Our objective is to promote sustainable practices across the value chain, encouraging suppliers to 
adopt decarbonization strategies, diversity initiatives, and improved working conditions.
To align suppliers with our sustainable supply chain framework, the Company, in collaboration with an external agency, 
organized impactful capacity-building workshops via virtual platforms.
5. Provide 	det ails	of	any	cor rective	act ions	tak en	or	und erway	to	add ress	sig nificant	ris ks	/	con cerns	ari sing	fro m	the
assessments	at	Question	4	above.
There were no significant risks / concerns arising from these assessments.
PRINCIPLE 6 Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Essential	Indicators
1. Details 	of	total	energy	consumption	(in	Joules	or	multiples)	and	energy	intensity,	in	the	following	format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total electricity consumption (A) 3,429.19 2,611.79
Total fuel consumption (B) Nil Nil
Energy consumption through other sources (C) Nil Nil
Total energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C) 3,429.18 2,611.79
Total electricity consumption (D) 689.54 1,352.53
Total fuel consumption (E) 15.88 190.98
Energy consumption through other sources (F) 75.07 Nil
Total energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F) 780.49 1,543.50
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 4,209.67 4,155.29
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumed/ Revenue from 
operations)
0.00000034 0.00000038**
Energy intensity* (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity 
(Energy consumed in GJ/FTE)
0.90 1.00
*We used employee headcount to work our energy intensity.
**The previous year’s intensity figures have been restated to reflect a revised unit of measurement adopted for the current reporting period. 
The change relates only to the presentation of the intensity metric, and the underlying data and performance remain unchanged.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?  
Yes/No If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, reasonable assurance for BRSR core indicators have been carried out by TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
210 211
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 125 =====
• Thermal management in data centres:  Use of cold and hot aisle separation and blanking panels to prevent mixing
of cold and warm air and improve cooling efficiency.
• ASHRAE-aligned practices: Adoption of ASHRAE-aligned practices to support energy efficiency in data centre
operations and reduce the environmental impact of IT infrastructure.
These initiatives support the Company’s efforts to lower energy consumption, improve operational efficiency and reduce the 
greenhouse gas emissions associated with its business operations.
9. Provide 	details	related	to	waste	management	by	the	entity,	in	the	following	format:
Parameter FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) 2.0154 0.4175
E-waste (B) 9.0688 3.4000
Bio-medical waste (C) 0.0791 0.0409
Construction and demolition waste (D) 150 Nil
Battery waste (E) Nil Nil
Radioactive waste (F) Nil Nil
Oil waste and Oil filter waste (G) 0.0427 0.2778
Other hazardous waste generated (H) (Electrical waste, Sanitary waste) Nil Nil
Other non-hazardous waste generated (I) (Food waste, cardboard, paper, garbage 
waste)
30.0832 13.8752
Total (A+ B + C + D + E + F + G + H + I) 191.2891 18.0114
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated / Revenue from 
operations in millions)
0.000000016 0.0000000016**
Waste intensity* (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity 
(Water consumed in KL/FTE)
0.04089 0.0043
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations 
(in metric tonnes)
Category	of	waste  
(i) Recycled 7.8102 12.4092
(ii) Re-used 20.3596 NA
(iii)  Other recovery operations NA NA
Total 28.1698 12.4092
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category	of	waste 
(i) Incineration 0.0791 0.0409
(ii) Landfilling 150.00 NA
(iii)  Other disposal operations 4.3515 5.5613
Total 154.4306 5.6022
*We used employee headcount to work our waste intensity.
**The previous year’s intensity figures have been restated to reflect a revised unit of measurement adopted for the current reporting period. 
The change relates only to the presentation of the intensity metric, and the underlying data and performance remain unchanged.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?  
(Yes/No) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, reasonable assurance for BRSR core indicators have been carried out by TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd.
6. Please 	provide	details	of	air	emissions	(other	than	GHG	emissions)	by	the	entity,	in	the	following	format:
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
NOX Mg/m3 5.20 48.00
SOX Mg/m3 4.60 36.40
Particulate Matter (PM) Mg/m3 49.20 68.60
Carbon Monoxide Mg/m3 31.00 129.00
7. Provide 	det ails	of	gre enhouse	gas	emi ssions	(Sc ope	1	and	Sco pe	2	emi ssions)	&	its	int ensity,	in	the	fol lowing	for mat:
Parameter Unit FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Total Scope 1 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, FCs, PFCs, SF6, 
NF3, if available)
metric tonnes CO2 
equivalents
1.33 197.03
Total Scope 2 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO
2, CH4, N2O, FCs, PFCs, SF6, 
NF3, if available)
metric tonnes CO2 
equivalents
148.73 273.14
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity per rupee 
of turnover (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / 
Revenue from operations) 
(metric tonnes CO2 
equivalents/INR mn)
0.000000012 0.000000043*
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity (Permanent 
Employee headcount as denominator)
(metric tonnes CO
2 
equivalents/FTE 
count)
0.032 0.113
*The previous year’s intensity figures have been restated to reflect a revised unit of measurement adopted for the current reporting period.
The change relates only to the presentation of the intensity metric, and the underlying data and performance remain unchanged.
Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency?  
(Yes/No) If yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, reasonable assurance for BRSR core indicators have been carried out by TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd.
8. Does 	the	entity	have	any	project	related	to	reducing	Green	House	Gas	emission?	If	yes,	then	provide	details.
Yes, the Company has undertaken multiple initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve energy efficiency
across its operations. As an IT-enabled organisation, the Company continues to reduce its dependence on physical data
centres by transitioning to cloud-based infrastructure and co-located data centres. It has also implemented formal energy 
management practices and conducts employee awareness initiatives on energy conservation.
The Company’s energy efficiency efforts cover both green and existing buildings, with interventions across lighting, air-
conditioning, automation systems, UPS systems, building facades, data centres and server rooms. Key initiatives include:
• LED lighting transition:  Progressive replacement of conventional lighting with energy-efficient, sensor-based LED
systems across facilities.
• Energy-efficient	equ ipment:	Prioritisation of energy-efficient equipment, including Energy Star-rated appliances,
to reduce electricity consumption in offices.
• Renewable energy use:  Procurement of renewable energy through wheeling arrangements and Power Purchase
Agreements, wherever feasible.
• Optimised HVAC operations: Efficient management of HVAC systems through optimisation of refrigerants and
compressors, regular maintenance of air handling units and improved operational controls.
• Equipment upgrades: Replacement of inefficient appliances and equipment to improve energy performance and
reduce consumption.
• Data centre optimisation: Reduction of energy use through the transition to co-located data centres and cloud-
based solutions.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
212 213
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 126 =====
3.	 Does 	the	entity	have	a	business	continuity	and	disaster	management	plan?	Give	details	in	100	words/	web	link.
Yes, the Company has a Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plan to ensure preparedness and operational resilience 
during disruptions. The Business Continuity Plan covers risk assessment, business impact analysis and recovery strategies 
aligned with client and internal Business Continuity Management requirements. It is reviewed and tested annually to 
support readiness and compliance with the defined Recovery Time Objective of 18 hours. The Disaster Recovery Plan 
addresses scenarios such as natural disasters, cyber-attacks and system failures, and is aligned with the Company’s 
24-hour Recovery Point Objective. This enables timely response, recovery and continuity of critical business operations.
4.	 Disclose 	an y	si gnificant	ad verse	im pact	to	th e	en vironment,	ar ising	fr om	th e	va lue	ch ain	of	th e	en tity.	Wh at	mi tigation	
or	adaptation	measures	have	been	taken	by	the	entity	in	this	regard.
There are no significant adverse environmental impacts arising from the Company’s value chain.
5.	 Percentage 	of	va lue	ch ain	pa rtners	(by	va lue	of	bu siness	do ne	wi th	su ch	pa rtners)	th at	we re	as sessed	fo r	
environmental	imp acts.
100% of critical vendors. The Company has implemented a comprehensive Supplier Assessment Framework to rigorously 
evaluate suppliers based on ESG criteria. In the fiscal year 2026, 100% of critical suppliers were assessed for ESG factors, 
including environmental impacts, through our Supplier Assessment Questionnaire. This assessment process reinforces our 
commitment to responsible procurement and facilitates the systematic monitoring of greenhouse gas emissions across 
our value chain. Additionally, we conduct training and awareness sessions to actively engage vendors, underscoring the 
importance of ESG priorities.
PRINCIPLE 7 Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is 
responsible and transparent
Essential	Indicators
1.	 a.	 Number 	of	affiliations	with	trade	and	industry	chambers/	associations.
The Company is affiliated with four trade and industry chambers/associations at the state, national and global 
levels. These memberships enable the Company to engage with relevant industry forums, exchange knowledge, 
strengthen professional networks and stay informed on sectoral developments. They also support collaboration with 
industry stakeholders and participation in discussions that contribute to responsible business growth and broader 
societal value.
b.	 List 	the	to p	10	tr ade	an d	in dustry	ch ambers/	as sociations	(d etermined	ba sed	on	th e	to tal	me mbers	of	su ch	bo dy)	
the	entity	is	a	member	of/	affiliated	to.
S. No. Name of the trade and industry 
chambers/ associations
Reach of trade and industry 
chambers/ associations
1 NASSCOM National
2 OPPI National
3 SAPC Global
4 HBA Global
2.	 Provide 	de tails	of	co rrective	ac tion	ta ken	or	un derway	on	an y	is sues	re lated	to	an ti-	co mpetitive	co nduct	by	th e	en tity,	
based	on	adverse	orders	from	regulatory	authorities.
No adverse orders were issued by regulatory authorities regarding any instances of anti-competitive conduct.
Leadership	Indicators
1.	 Details 	of	public	policy	positions	advocated	by	the	entity:
The Company does not formally advocate specific public policy positions. Its focus remains on creating long-term value 
for its stakeholders, including customers, partners, investors and employees, while operating responsibly with due 
consideration for people and the planet.
The Company engages with trade and industry associations, peer organisations and relevant stakeholders to stay aligned 
with evolving business, technology and sustainability priorities. Through these engagements, it participates in industry-level 
dialogue and knowledge exchange on matters that support innovation, responsible growth and sustainable development.
10.	 Briefly	de scribe	th e	wa ste	ma nagement	pr actices	ad opted	in	you r	es tablishments.	De scribe	th e	st rategy	ad opted	by	
your	Company	to	re duce	us age	of	ha zardous	an d	to xic	ch emicals	in	you r	pr oducts	an d	pr ocesses	an d	th e	pr actices	
adopted	to	manage	such	wastes.
The Company follows a holistic waste management approach centered on the principles of reduce, reuse, and recycle. 
Waste is systematically segregated into various categories, with biodegradable waste being composted and e-waste 
managed responsibly through certified recyclers or refurbished for community use. Key initiatives include transitioning 
from single-use plastic water bottles to reusable alternatives, adopting biodegradable cleaning agents and waste bags, 
and promoting eco-friendly options in food services. Additionally, regular training programs are conducted to ensure that 
employees and subcontractors are well-informed about best practices in waste management.
11.	 If	the	en tity	ha s	op erations/offices	in /around	ec ologically	se nsitive	ar eas	(s uch	as	na tional	pa rks,	wi ldlife	sa nctuaries,	
biosphere	re serves,	we tlands,	bi odiversity	ho tspots,	fo rests,	co astal	re gulation	zo nes	et c.)	wh ere	en vironmental	
approvals	/	clearances	are	required,	please	specify	details	in	the	following	format:
The Company does not have any operations or offices located in or around ecologically sensitive areas that would require 
environmental approvals or clearances.
12.	 Details	of	en vironmental	im pact	as sessments	of	pr ojects	un dertaken	by	th e	en tity	ba sed	on	ap plicable	la ws,	in	th e	
current	Financial	Year:
Not applicable, as the Company has not undertaken any projects during the current financial year that would require an 
environmental impact assessment under applicable laws. The Company does not own any land or physical infrastructure 
and has not initiated any construction or development activities that would trigger such statutory requirements.
13.	 Is	the	en tity	co mpliant	wi th	th e	ap plicable	en vironmental	la w/	re gulations/	gu idelines	in	In dia;	su ch	as	th e	Wa ter	
(Prevention	an d	Co ntrol	of	Po llution)	Ac t,	Ai r	(P revention	an d	Co ntrol	of	Po llution)	Ac t,	En vironment	pr otection	ac t	
and	rules	thereunder	(Yes/No).	If	not,	provide	details	of	all	such	non-compliances,	in	the	following	format:
Yes, the Company is compliant with the applicable environmental laws, regulations and guidelines in India. Given the non-
manufacturing nature of its operations, the Company does not fall under the direct regulatory ambit of certain pollution 
control laws such as the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act and the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) 
Act in the same manner as manufacturing entities.
However, the Company continues to comply with all environmental requirements applicable to its offices and business 
operations. It remains committed to maintaining responsible environmental practices and strengthening compliance across 
areas such as energy management, waste management, resource efficiency and overall environmental governance.
Leadership	Indicators
1.	 With 	re spect	to	th e	ec ologically	se nsitive	ar eas	re ported	at	Qu estion	10	of	Es sential	In dicators	ab ove,	pr ovide	
details	of	si gnificant	di rect	&	in direct	im pact	of	th e	en tity	on	bi odiversity	in	su ch	ar eas	al ong-with	pr evention	an d	
remediation	ac tivities.
Not applicable, as the Company does not have operations, offices or projects located in ecologically sensitive areas that 
require environmental clearances or are expected to have significant direct or indirect impacts on biodiversity.
However, the Company remains committed to minimising its ecological footprint through responsible environmental 
practices. In line with its Indegene Environmental Policy, the Company promotes efficient resource use, waste management, 
pollution prevention and sustainable operating practices across its facilities. It also encourages employee awareness and 
stakeholder engagement to support environmental protection and ensure that its operations do not adversely impact 
ecosystems in the regions where it operates.
2.	 If 	the	en tity	ha s	un dertaken	an y	sp ecific	in itiatives	or	us ed	in novative	te chnology	or	so lutions	to	im prove	re source	
efficiency,	or	re duce	im pact	du e	to	em issions	/	ef fluent	di scharge	/	wa ste	ge nerated,	pl ease	pr ovide	de tails	of	th e	sa me	
as	well	as	outcome	of	such	initiatives,	as	per	the	following	format:
S. 
No.
Initiative Undertaken Details of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may be provided 
along-with	summ ary) 
Outcome of the 
initiative 
1. Installation of energy efficient 
LED lights, smart lights for 
auto switch on/off
During the office renovation done in FY 2025-26, all lights were 
replaced with LED ones. Smart lights were provided in meeting 
rooms to ensure energy savings by auto operation.
Power savings
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
214 215
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 127 =====
3. a.	 	Do	you	hav e	a	pre ferential	pro curement	pol icy	whe re	you	giv e	pre ference	to	pur chase	fro m	sup pliers	com prising
marginalized	/vuln erable	group s?	(Ye s/No)
No, the Company does not have a formal preferential procurement policy for suppliers comprising marginalised or 
vulnerable groups.
b. From 	which	marginalized	/vulnerable	groups	do	you	procure?
Not applicable, as the Company does not currently procure specifically from identified marginalised or vulnerable
groups under a preferential procurement framework.
c. What 	percentage	of	total	procurement	(by	value)	does	it	constitute?
Not applicable. We are a tech-native, life sciences specialist company and our procurement primarily includes electronic 
office equipment, laptops, IT hardware and other office-related requirements, sourced from Original Equipment
Manufacturers, distributors and local suppliers. Wherever feasible, the Company prioritises locally available goods
and services in a sustainable manner, supporting economic participation in the communities where it operates.
4. Details 	of	the	ben efits	der ived	and	sha red	fro m	the	int ellectual	pro perties	own ed	or	acq uired	by	your	ent ity	(in	the
current	financial	year),	based	on	traditional	knowledge.
Not Applicable The Company does not utilise intellectual properties based on traditional knowledge. It owns certain
trademarks and derives indirect benefits through protection and restriction of their usage.
5. Details 	of	cor rective	act ions	tak en	or	und erway,	bas ed	on	any	adv erse	ord er	in	int ellectual	pro perty	rel ated	dis putes
wherein	usage	of	traditional	knowledge	is	involved.
There are no disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
6. Details 	of	beneficiaries	of	CSR	Projects:
S. 
No.
CSR Project No.	of	persons	benefitted  
from CSR Projects
%	of	beneficiaries	
from vulnerable and 
marginalized groups
1 Foundation for Excellence - Scholarship 25 MBBS Scholars 100%
2 Institute for Bio informatics & applied 
Biotechnology - Scholarship
25 MSc Scholars 100% 
3 F
AME India - Speech Therapy Program 42 100%
4 Indian Institute of Cerebral Palsy - Jugnu 
Shishu Vikas Kendra 
50 100%
5 C-CAMP - Incubation Program 11 startups supported with Incubation; 
>25 startups supported with technical and
business mentorship; >75 students and
innovators trained on technology platforms;
>200 participants benefitted from networking
sessions; investor meets and workshops. 
4 startup products launched/approved for 
clinical trials
NA
6 Foundation for promotion of Sports & 
Games - Health, wellness & fitness
Olympic athletes (30); Para athletes (10) NA
7 Foundation for reinventing Governance Direct -900, Indirect - 50,000 Direct - 20%, Indirect - 40%
PRINCIPLE 8 Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
Essential	Indicators
1. Details 	of	Soc ial	Imp act	Ass essments	(SI A)	of	pro jects	und ertaken	by	the	ent ity	bas ed	on	app licable	law s,	in	the
current	Financial	Year
Not applicable. We are a tech-native, life sciences specialist company. We did not undertake any projects during the
reporting period that required Social Impact Assessments under applicable laws. Therefore, no Social Impact Assessment
was conducted during the financial year.
2. Provide 	inf ormation	on	pro ject(s)	for	whi ch	ong oing	Reh abilitation	and	Res ettlement	(R& R)	is	bei ng	und ertaken	by
your	entity.
Not applicable. The Company has not undertaken any projects during the reporting period that involve Rehabilitation and
Resettlement requirements. Given the nature of its business operations, the Company does not have projects that result
in displacement of communities or require ongoing R&R activities.
3. Describe 	the	mechanisms	to	receive	and	redress	grievances	of	the	community.
The Company has established a Whistle Blower Policy  and a dedicated Speak Up platform to receive and address
grievances from community members and other stakeholders. The platform provides a secure and independent channel
for reporting concerns, complaints or grievances.
GEC website, which provides an online channel for submitting complaints and concerns in a structured and accessible manner.
The mechanism is designed to support transparent reporting, review and appropriate redressal of concerns. It also
enables stakeholders to raise matters through an accessible channel, thereby strengthening accountability and trust in
the Company’s grievance redressal process.
4. Percentage 	of	input	material	(inputs	to	total	inputs	by	value)	sourced	from	suppliers:
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25*
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers 45.75% 39.91%
Directly from within India 82.87% 87.76%
* The previous year’s procurement figures have been restated to align with the current year’s calculation methodology and reporting approach,
thereby improving consistency and comparability of the data across reporting periods.
5. Job 	creation	in	sma ller	tow ns	–	Dis close	wag es	pai d	to	per sons	emp loyed	(in cluding	emp loyees	or	wor kers	emp loyed
on	a	permanent	or	non-permanent	/	on	contract	basis)	in	the	following	locations,	as	%	of	total	wage	cost.
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Rural 0 0
Semi-Urban 0 0
Urban 0.0029% 0.01%
Metropolitan 99.9971% 99.99%
Leadership	Indicators
1. Provide 	det ails	of	act ions	tak en	to	mit igate	any	neg ative	soc ial	imp acts	ide ntified	in	the	Soc ial	Imp act	Ass essments
(Reference:	Question	1	of	Essential	Indicators	above):
Not applicable, as no Social Impact Assessments were conducted during the last financial year.
2. Provide 	the	fol lowing	inf ormation	on	CSR	pro jects	und ertaken	by	your	ent ity	in	des ignated	asp irational	dis tricts	as
identified	by	government	bodies:
None of the CSR projects undertaken by the Company during the reporting period were implemented in designated
aspirational districts as identified by government bodies.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
216 217
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 128 =====
4.	 Details 	of	instances	of	product	recalls	on	account	of	safety	issues.
Not applicable. We are a tech-native, life sciences specialist company and we do not engage in product manufacturing.
5.	 Does 	th e	en tity	ha ve	a	fr amework/	po licy	on	cy ber	se curity	an d	ri sks	re lated	to	da ta	pr ivacy?	If	av ailable,	pr ovide	a	
web-link	of	the	policy.
Yes, the Company has a cybersecurity and data privacy framework supported by formal information security and privacy-
related policies. The Company’s Information Security Policy sets out the framework for protecting information assets, while 
its Privacy Policy  outlines its approach to the collection, processing, storage and transmission of personal data.
The framework is aligned with recognised standards and certifications, including ISO/IEC 27001 for Information Security 
Management and ISO/IEC 27701 for Privacy Information Management. The Company also undertakes risk assessments, 
control reviews, employee awareness programmes and security training to strengthen data protection, cybersecurity 
preparedness and responsible information handling.
6.	 Provide 	de tails	of	an y	co rrective	ac tions	ta ken	or	un derway	on	is sues	re lating	to	ad vertising,	an d	de livery	of	es sential	
services;	cyber	se curity	an d	da ta	pr ivacy	of	cu stomers;	re -occurrence	of	in stances	of	pr oduct	re calls;	pe nalty	/	ac tion	
taken	by	regulatory	authorities	on	safety	of	products	/	services.
No corrective actions have been taken or are underway related to advertising, essential service delivery, product recalls, or 
regulatory penalties on product/service safety. However, there are few data breach instances wherein the RCA and CAPA 
are verified and the actions are shared with customers which includes trainings, process changes, Quality assurance, tool 
enhancements etc
7.	 Provide 	information	relating	to	data	breaches.
	 a.	 Number 	of	instances	of	data	breaches	along-with	impact
There was 1 instance of data breach reported in the financial year.
	 b.	 Percentage 	of	data	breaches	involving	personally	identifiable	information	of	customers
0% - No PII breach related to customer data
	 c.	 Impact, 	if	any,	of	the	data	breaches
No major impact.
Leadership	Indicators
1.	 Channels 	/	pl atforms	wh ere	in formation	on	pr oducts	an d	se rvices	of	th e	en tity	ca n	be	ac cessed	(p rovide	we b-link,	if	
available).
All relevant details about our services can be found by accessing www.indegene.com .
2.	 Steps 	taken	to	inform	and	educate	consumers	about	safe	and	responsible	usage	of	products	and/or	services.
Not applicable. We are a tech-native, life sciences specialist company and we do not engage in product manufacturing.
3.	 Mechanisms 	in	place	to	inform	consumers	of	any	risk	of	disruption/discontinuation	of	essential	services.
The Company has Business Continuity Planning and Disaster Recovery procedures in place to manage potential disruptions 
and support continuity of services. These procedures include identification of critical business areas and Business Impact 
Analysis to determine continuity requirements for IT infrastructure, facilities and key business processes.
Potential disruptions, including natural disasters, power outages, internet unavailability or system-related interruptions, are 
assessed and appropriate continuity measures are defined. Continuity requirements are also reflected in Master Services 
Agreements and engagement-level continuity plans, which are reviewed and tested periodically. The outcomes of such 
tests, as well as any actual BCP-DR response deployments, are communicated to client counterparts, wherever required, 
to keep them informed of potential service impacts and continuity measures.
PRINCIPLE 9 Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner
Essential	Indicators
1.	 Describe 	the	mechanisms	in	place	to	receive	and	respond	to	consumer	complaints	and	feedback.
Indegene ensures a structured, secure, and responsive approach to client feedback and grievance redressal through the 
following key mechanisms:
• Customer Complaint Management (“Redflag Management”): A centralized system designed to capture, track, and 
resolve service escalations, process deviations, and operational issues reported by internal and external stakeholders.
• Central Incident Management (InfoSec & Privacy): As an integral part of the risk management ecosystem, we govern 
Information Security (InfoSec) and data privacy events through our Central Incident Management process. This 
ensures all security and privacy-related grievances are managed swiftly and in compliance with global standards.
• Proactive (Customer Satisfaction) CSAT Evaluations: We systematically collect feedback from client Points of Contact 
(POCs) to measure satisfaction and service quality.
• Systematic Issue Resolution (RCA & CAPA): Any sub-optimal feedback or poor CSAT rating, escalation, incident 
etc.., automatically triggers a rigorous diagnostic process. We conduct a Root Cause Analysis (RCA) and implement 
Corrective and Preventive Actions (CAPA) to address core issues and prevent future occurrences.
This response comprehensively covers our Redflag Management, the Incident Management process for InfoSec/Data 
Privacy, and our CSAT evaluation framework.
2.	 Turnover 	of	pr oducts	an d/	se rvices	as	a	pe rcentage	of	tu rnover	fr om	al l	pr oducts/service 	th at	ca rry	in formation	
about	Environmental	an d	so cial	pa rameters	re levant	to	th e	pr oduct,	Sa fe	an d	re sponsible	us age,	Re cycling	an d/or	
safe	disposal.
Not applicable. The Company is a service-based organisation and does not manufacture or sell physical products that 
require product-level information on environmental or social parameters, safe and responsible usage, or recycling and 
safe disposal.
However, the Company remains committed to responsible material usage and waste management across its operations. 
Its e-waste primarily includes items such as computers, laptops, mobile phones, printers and batteries. Wherever feasible, 
such equipment is refurbished and reused, including distribution through CSR-related initiatives. E-waste that cannot 
be reused is disposed of through authorised recyclers, who provide appropriate certification for recycling and material 
recovery. The Company also undertakes vendor assessments before disposal to ensure compliance with applicable e-waste 
management requirements.
3.	 Number 	of	consumer	complaints	in	respect	of	the	following
FY 2025-26 FY 2024-25
Received 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of 
year
Remarks Received 
during the 
year
Pending 
resolution at 
the end of 
year
Remarks
Data Privacy 0 0 No complaints 
regarding customer 
privacy were received 
from clients, external 
parties, or regulators. 
There were no 
data breaches or 
losses, and no legal 
or financial impact 
related to user 
privacy.
0 0 No complaints 
regarding customer 
privacy were received 
from clients, external 
parties, or regulators. 
There were no data 
breaches or losses, and 
no legal or financial 
impact related to user 
privacy.
Advertising 0 0 0 0
Cyber-security 0 0 0 0
Delivery of 
essential 
services
0 0 0 0
Restrictive 
Trade 
Practices
0 0 0 0
Unfair Trade 
Practices
0 0 0 0
Others 0 0 0 0
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
218 219
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 129 =====
TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd. • 373-374, Udyog Vihar • Phase-II, Sector-20 • Gurgaon – 122016 • Tel.: +91 0124 6199699
Independent Reasonable Assurance Statement to Indegene Limited on their non-financial sustainability disclosures in the 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report for the financial year 2025-2026
Introduction	and	Engagement
Indegene Limited (‘the Company’) has developed its Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR) (‘the Report’) 
based on the BRSR reporting guidelines including the BRSR Core indicators prescribed by SEBI for listed entities. The Company’s 
sustainable performance reporting criteria have been derived from the Principles of National Guidelines on Responsible Business 
Conduct (NGRBC), Regulation 34(2)(f) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) (the “LODR Regulations”), Guidance note for BRSR format issued by SEBI, and 
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol–A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.
TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd. (‘TÜV SÜD’)  has been engaged by the Company to conduct and provide independent 
assurance on the BRSR Core indicators of the Report those includes the Company’s sustainability performance for the period 
April 1, 2025, to March 31, 2026.
The	Company’s	Responsibility
The content of the Reports and their presentation are the sole responsibilities of the Management of the Company. The Company 
Management is also responsible for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal controls relevant to the preparation 
of the Reports, so that it is free from material misstatement.
The Company is responsible for ensuring that its business operations and activities comply with the applicable statutory and 
regulatory requirements. The Reports and disclosures have been approved by and remain the responsibility of the Company.
TÜV	SÜD’s	Responsibility
TÜV SÜD, in performing assurance work, is responsible for carrying out an assurance engagement and to provide independent 
Reasonable assurance on the non-financial information of the BRSR Core indicators as described in the ‘Scope & boundary 
of assurance’ section below. We do not accept or assume any responsibility for any other purpose or to any other person or 
organization. Any reliance a third party may place on the Report is entirely at its own risk.
Assurance	standard	and	criteria
• We applied the criteria of ‘Reasonable’ Assurance for non-financial Core Indicators of BRSR 1 (Business Responsibility & 
Sustainability Report), Our reasonable assurance engagement for only non-financial Core indicators of BRSR was with 
respect to the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
• We conducted our assurance engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 
3000 (Revised), “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information”, and ISAE 
3410, “Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse Gas Statement”, issued by the International Auditing and Standards Board.
• We referred to the “WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol (Greenhouse Gas Protocol)” as well as ISO 14064-1:2018 & ISO 14064-
3:2019 for GHG Emissions.
Scope	and	boundary	of	assurance
The boundary of verification includes 5 locations, TUV SUD has selected following 2 locations for verification on BRSR disclosure 
for the reporting period April 1, 2025, through March 31, 2026:
1 SEBI vide Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122 dated July 12, 2023
2 As set out under Appendix 1 to this statement.
4.	 Does 	th e	en tity	di splay	pr oduct	in formation	on	th e	pr oduct	ove r	an d	ab ove	wh at	is	ma ndated	as	pe r	lo cal	la ws?	If	ye s,	
provide	details	in	brief.
Not applicable. The Company is a digital-first, life sciences commercialisation company and does not manufacture or sell 
physical products that require product-level labelling or display of product information.
5.	 Did 	you r	en tity	ca rry	ou t	an y	su rvey	wi th	re gard	to	co nsumer	sa tisfaction	re lating	to	th e	ma jor	pr oducts	/	se rvices	of	
the	entity,	significant	locations	of	operation	of	the	entity	or	the	entity	as	a	whole?
Yes, the Company measures customer satisfaction as part of its commitment to delivering high-quality services and 
improving client experience. Customer satisfaction is monitored through regular CSAT surveys, which help the Company 
gather feedback on service delivery, responsiveness, quality of engagement and overall client experience.
The insights received through these surveys are used to identify improvement areas, strengthen service offerings and 
enhance customer engagement. The Company also monitors its service commitments and undertakes periodic reviews 
to ensure that customer expectations are addressed in a transparent and data-driven manner.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
220 221
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 130 =====
Conclusion
Our statements do not extend to any disclosures or assertions relating to future performance plans and/or strategies disclosed 
in the Report.
Based on the scope of our review, our conclusions are outlined below:
Governance, leadership and supervision: The top management’s commitment, business model promoting inclusive growth, 
action and strategies, focus on services, risk management, protection and restoration of environment, and priorities are 
represented adequately.
Stakeholder Inclusiveness: We have not identified any discrepancies in this aspect. Internal and external Stakeholder 
identification and engagement is carried out by the company on a periodic basis to bring out key stakeholder concerns as 
material aspects of significant stakeholders.
Materiality: The materiality assessment process has been carried out, based on the requirements of the Assurance Engagements 
(ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Guidance Note on BRSR and as per GRI 2021 considering aspects that are internal and external to the 
company’s context of the organization. The Reports fairly bring out the aspects and topics and its respective boundaries of the 
diverse operations of company in our view, the Reports meets the requirements.
Responsiveness: We believe that the responses to the material aspects are defined and captured in the Reports, in our view, 
the Reports meets the requirements.
Completeness: The Reports have fairly disclosed the general and specific standard disclosures including the Disclosure on 
Management Approach, monitoring systems and sustainability performance indicators as prescribed in the standards in 
accordance with the Core requirement. In our view the Reports meet the requirements.
Reliability: Most of the data and information was verified by the assurance team and found appropriate. Minor inaccuracies 
in the data identified during the verification process were found to be attributable to transcription and interpretation errors 
and these errors were corrected immediately. Therefore, in accordance with the ISAE 3000 (Revised) assurance engagement, 
TÜV SÜD concludes that the sustainability data, parameters, information, and indicators presented in the Reports are reliable 
and acceptable.
Impact: We observed and assessed that the Company has well-defined procedures to routinely monitor and measure their 
sustainability impact, and they have skilled subject matter experts who are driving sustainability effectively and efficiently.
Consistency and comparability: The information in the Report is presented in a consistent and comprehensive method. Thus, 
the principle of consistency and comparability is satisfactory.
During verification we did not come across any such instances or issues where we found anything which has an impact on the 
ecosystem and well as the neighboring infrastructure. In our view, the Reports meet the requirements.
Our statements do not extend to any disclosures or assertions relating to future performance plans and/or strategies disclosed 
in the reports
Our	Independence,	Ethical	Requirements	and	Quality	Control
Our team comprises subject matter experts of multidisciplinary professionals, have complied with independence policies of 
TÜV SÜD, which address the requirements of the ISAE 3000 (Revised) in the role as independent Verifier. TÜV SÜD states 
its independence and impartiality and confirms that there is “no conflict of interest” regarding this assurance engagement. In 
the reporting year, TÜV SÜD did not work with the Company on any engagement that could compromise the independence or 
impartiality of our findings, conclusions, and recommendations. TÜV SÜD was not involved in the preparation of any content 
or data included in the Reports, except for this assurance statement.
TÜV SÜD maintains complete impartiality towards any individuals interviewed during the assurance engagement. We have 
complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the International Standard on Quality Control (“ISQC”) 1, Quality.
• Indegene Limited, Manyata Embassy Business Park Bengaluru &
• Indegene Limited, Brunton Road Bengaluru.
Verification of non-financial sustainability performance data, based on our professional judgement, was conducted by 
multidisciplinary team including assurance practitioners, engineers, environmental & social experts of TÜV SÜD in the month 
of July 2026, in line with the principle of materiality.
In addition, all non-financials sustainability performance data of the company was verified virtually through desktop verification.
Assurance	Methodology
We conducted a review and verification of data collection, collation and calculation methodologies, and a general review of the 
logic of inclusion/omission of relevant information/data in the Report. Our review process included:
• Evaluate and assess the appropriateness of the quantification methods used to arrive at the non-financial sustainability 
information of the BRSR Core indicators in the Report
• Engagement through discussions with departmental heads and corporate teams to understand the process for collecting, 
collating, and reporting as per Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised), Guidance Note on BRSR.
• Review of the sustainability initiatives, practices, on ground establishment, implementation, maintenance, and performance 
described in the Report.
• Review of data collection and management procedures, and related internal controls.
• Assessment of the reporting mechanism and consistency with the reporting criteria.
• Review of appropriateness of various assumptions, estimations and thresholds used by the Company for data analysis.
• Execution of an audit trail of claims and data streams, to determine the level of accuracy in collection, transcription, 
and aggregation.
• Verification of the fact that no material distortion has been done at any stage.
Inherent	Limitations	and	Exclusions
There are inherent limitations in assurance engagement, including, for example, the use of judgement and selective testing 
of data. Accordingly, there are possibilities that material misstatements in the sustainability information of the Report may 
remain undetected.
TÜV SÜD has relied on the information, documents, records, data, and explanations provided to us by the Company for the 
purpose of our review. The Assurance scope excludes the following:
• Data and information falling outside the defined reporting period (April 1, 2025, to March 31, 2026).
• Review of the ‘economic and/or financial performance indicators’ included in the Report or on which reporting is based; 
we have been informed of by the Company that these are derived from the Company’s audited financial records.
• The Company’s statements that describe qualitative/quantitative assertions, expression of opinion, belief, inference, 
aspiration, expectation, aim or future intention.
• Any disclosures beyond those specified in the Scope section above.
Our	observations
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, the Identified Sustainability Information 
included in the BRSR for the reporting period April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026 is prepared, in all material respects, in accordance 
with the Criteria.
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
222 223
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 131 =====
S. No. Principles Attribute Parameter
4 Principle 6 – E9 Embracing 
circularity–details 
related to waste 
management by 
the entity
1. -Plastic waste (A)
-E-waste (B)
-Bio-medical waste (C)
-Construction and demolition waste (D)
-Battery waste (E)
-Radioactive waste (F)
-Other Hazardous waste (G)
-Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H)
-Total waste generated (A+B+C+D+E+F+G+H))
-Waste intensity
a) Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for PPP
b) Waste intensity in terms of physical output
2. For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through
recycling, re-using or other recovery operations
3. For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of
disposal method
5 Principle 3 – E1 
(c)
Principle 3 – E11
Enhancing 
Employee 
Wellbeing and 
Safety
1. Spending on measures towards the wellbeing of employees and workers
– cost incurred as a % of the total revenue of the Company
2. Details of safety-related incidents for employees and workers (including
contract-workforce)
a) Number of permanent disabilities
b) Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-person
hours worked)
c) No. of fatalities
6 Principle 5–E3 
Principle 5 -E7
Enabling Gender 
Diversity in 
Business
1. Gross wages paid to females as a % of wages paid
2. Complaints on POSH
a) Total complaints on Sexual Harassment (POSH) reported
b) Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees/workers
c) Complaints on POSH upheld
7 Principle 8 – E4 
Principle 8 – E5
Enabling Inclusive 
Development
1. Input material sourced from following sources as % of total purchases –
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers and from within India
2. Job creation in smaller towns-wages paid to people employed in smaller
towns (permanent or non- permanent/on contract) as % of total wage
cost)
8 Principle 9 – E7 Fairness in 
Engaging with 
Customers and
1. Instances involving loss/breach of data of customers as a percentage of
total data breaches or cyber security events
Principle 1– E8 Suppliers 2. Number of days of accounts payable
9 Principle 1–E9 Open-ness of 
business
    Concentration of purchases & sales done with trading houses, dealers, 
and related parties Loans and advances & investments with related 
parties
Statement	of	Independence,	Impartiality	and	Competence
TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd is an independent professional services company that specializes in Health, Safety, Social and 
Environmental & Sustainability services including assurance with over 150 years history in providing these services.
No member of the assurance team has a business relationship with the Company, its directors or Managers beyond that of 
verification and assurance of sustainability data and reporting. We have conducted this assurance independently and we believe 
there has been no conflict of interest.
TÜV SÜD has implemented a Code of Ethics across the business to maintain high ethical standards among staff in their day-
to-day business activities.
Attestation,
Dr. Ashish Rawat, Technical Reviewer
General Manager -Environment, Social & Sustainability Advisory Services
TÜV SÜD South Asia Pvt. Ltd.
374, Udyog Vihar, Phase II, Sector – 20, Gurugram – 122016 Haryana, India.
Appendix 1- BRSR Core Indicators
S. No. Principles Attribute Parameter
1 Principle 6 – E7 Green-house gas 
(GHG) footprint
1. T otal Scope 1 emissions (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O,
HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
2. Total Scope 2 emissions (Break-up of the GHG (CO2e) into CO2, CH4,
N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)
3. GHG Emission Intensity (Scope 1+2)
a) Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (MT)/Total Revenue from
Operations adjusted for PPP
b) Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions (MT)/Total Output of Product
or Services
2 Principle 6 -E3 
Principle 6–E4
Water Footprint
1. Total water consumption
2. Water consumption intensity
a) Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for PPP
b) Water intensity in terms of physical output
3. Water Discharge by destination and levels of treatment
3 Principle 6 – E1 Energy Footprint 1. Total Energy Consumed
2. % of energy consumed from renewable sources
3. Energy intensity
a) Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for PPP
b) Energy intensity in terms of physical output
Business Responsibility & Sustainability ReportIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26
224 225
Statutory Reports

===== PDF PAGE 132 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
To The Members of Indegene Limited
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial 
statements of Indegene Limited  (the “Company”), which 
comprise the Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 
2026, and the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the Standalone 
Statement of Cash Flows and the Standalone Statement of 
Changes in Equity for the year ended on that date, and notes 
to the financial statements, including a summary of material 
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone 
financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the 
Act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as 
at March 31, 2026, and its profit, and other comprehensive 
income, its cash flows and the changes in equity for the year 
ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SA”s) specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under 
those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibility for the Audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements section of our report. We are independent of 
the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) 
together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to 
our audit of the standalone financial statements under the 
provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we 
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We 
believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters.
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
standalone financial statements of the current period. We 
have determined that there are no key audit matters to 
communicate in our report.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon
•  The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the
othe
r information. The other information comprises of
the information included in the Director’s report, (but
does not include the consolidated financial statements,
standalone financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon) which we obtained prior to the date of
this auditor’s report, and Management Discussion and
Analysis Report, Corporate Governance Report and
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, which 
is expected to be made available to us after that date.
•
  Our
 opinion on the standalone financial statements does 
not cover the other information and will not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.
•
 In c
onnection with our audit of the standalone financial
statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above when it becomes available
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial
statements or our knowledge obtained during the
course of our audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.
•
 If, b
ased on the work we have performed, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
•
  When
 we read the Management Discussion and Analysis 
Report, Corporate Governance Report and Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report, if we conclude
that there is a material misstatement therein, we are
required to communicate the matter to those charged
with governance as required under SA 720 ‘The Auditor’s 
responsibilities Relating to Other Information’.
Responsibilities of Management and Board of 
Directors for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to 
the preparation of these standalone financial statements that 
give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance including other comprehensive income, cash 
flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; 
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and 
prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the financial statements that give a true and 
fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, management 
and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using 
the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of 
Directors either intend to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Company’s Board of Directors is also responsible for 
overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the 
Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the standalone financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these standalone 
financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
•
 Ide
ntify and assess the risks of material misstatement
of the standalone financial statements, whether due
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control.
•
 Obt
ain an understanding of internal financial controls
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under
section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible
for expressing our opinion on whether the Company
has adequate internal financial controls with reference
to standalone financial statements in place and the
operating effectiveness of such controls.
•
  Eva
luate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the management.
•
 Concl
ude on the appropriateness of management’s use
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability
to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the standalone financial statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Company to cease
to continue as a going concern.
•
 Eva
luate the overall presentation, structure and content
of the standalone financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the standalone financial
statements represent the underlying transactions and
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
226 227

===== PDF PAGE 133 =====
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
standalone financial statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of 
a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial 
statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative 
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of 
our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and 
(ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in
the standalone financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal financial controls that 
we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
Reporting on comparatives audited by the predecessor 
auditor
The standalone financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended March 31, 2025, were audited by predecessor 
auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those 
financial statements on April 28, 2025.
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements is not 
modified in respect of this matter.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on
ou
r audit:
 a)  We h
ave sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge
and belief were necessary for the purposes of
our audit.
 b)  In ou
r opinion, proper books of account as required
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it
appears from our examination of those books.
 c)  The 
Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and
Loss including Other Comprehensive Income,
the Statement of Cash Flows and Statement of
Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in
agreement with the books of account.
 d)  In 
our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial
statements comply with the Ind AS specified under 
Section 133 of the Act.
 e)  On t
he basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2026, taken
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the
directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from
being appointed as a director in terms of Section
164(2) of the Act.
 f)  Wit
h respect to the adequacy of the internal
financial controls with reference to standalone
financial statements of the Company and the
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to
our separate Report in “Annexure A”. Our report
expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy
and operating effectiveness of the Company’s
internal financial controls with reference to
standalone financial statements
 g)  Wit
h respect to the other matters to be included
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as
amended, in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations given 
to us, the remuneration paid by the Company to its
directors during the year is in accordance with the
provisions of section 197 of the Act.
 h)  Wit
h respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,
as amended in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations given 
to us:
 
 i.  The 
Company has disclosed the impact of
pending litigations on its financial position in its
standalone financial statements - Refer Note
28 to the standalone financial statements;
 
 ii.  The C
ompany has made provision, as required 
under the applicable law or accounting
standards, for material foreseeable losses,
if any, on long-term contracts including
derivative contracts.
 
 iii
.  The
re were no amounts which were required
to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company
 
 iv. (a)  The M
anagement has represented that,
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
except as disclosed in the note 33 to 
the standalone financial statements, no 
funds have been advanced or loaned or 
invested (either from borrowed funds or 
share premium or any other sources or 
kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(b)  The M
anagement has represented, that,
to the best of its knowledge and belief,
and as disclosed in the note 33 to the
standalone financial statements, no funds
have been received by the Company from 
any person(s) or entity(ies), including
foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with
the understanding, whether recorded in
writing or otherwise, that the Company
shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest
in other persons or entities identified
in any manner whatsoever by or on
behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee,
security or the like on behalf of the
Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(c)  Bas
ed on the audit procedures performed 
that have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
to believe that the representations under
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain 
any material misstatement.
v.  The 
final dividend proposed in the previous
year, declared and paid by the Company
during the year is in accordance with section
123 of the Act, as applicable.
 As st
ated in note 36 to the standalone
financial statements, the Board of Directors
of the Company has proposed final dividend
for the year which is subject to the approval
of the members at the ensuing Annual
General Meeting. Such dividend proposed is
in accordance with section 123 of the Act,
as applicable.
vi.  Bas
ed on our examination, which included test 
checks, the Company has used accounting
software systems for maintaining its books
of account for the financial year ended March
31, 2026, which have the feature of recording
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has
operated throughout the year for all relevant
transactions recorded in the software systems.
 Fur
ther, during the course of our audit we did
not come across any instance of the audit trail
feature being tampered with. Additionally,
the audit trail, to the extent enabled, has
been preserved by the Company as per the
statutory requirements for record retention.
2.
 As re
quired by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order,
2020 (“the Order”) issued by the Central Government in 
terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, we give in “Annexure 
B” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3
and 4 of the Order.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No. 008072S
Sathya P Koushik
 Partner
Place: Bengaluru 
 Mem
bership No.: 206920
Date: April 29, 2026 UDI
N: 26206920ODBRGU7316
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
228 229

===== PDF PAGE 134 =====
Annexure A 
to the independent auditor’s report
(Referred to in paragraph 1 (f) under ‘Report on Other 
Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report 
of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements under Clause (i) of 
Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(the “Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements of Indegene Limited (the 
“Company”) as at March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our 
audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company 
for the year ended on that date.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities 
for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management and Board of Directors are 
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements 
based on the internal control with reference to standalone 
financial statements criteria established by the Company 
considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring 
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to the company’s policies, the safeguarding of its 
assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, 
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as 
required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements of the Company based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing 
prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 
2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements. 
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate 
internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to standalone financial statements and their 
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls 
with reference to standalone financial statements included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with 
reference to standalone financial statements, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the 
risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with 
reference to standalone financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to 
standalone financial statements is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements 
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial control 
with reference to standalone financial statements includes 
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately 
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the 
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation 
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with 
authorisations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention 
or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material 
effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
with reference to standalone financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
with reference to standalone financial statements, including 
the possibility of collusion or improper management override 
of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may 
occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation 
of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk 
that the internal financial control with reference to standalone 
financial statements may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone financial statements and such internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone financial statements 
were operating effectively as at 31
st March 2026, based 
on the criteria for internal financial control with reference to 
standalone financial statements established by the Company 
considering the essential components of internal control 
stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No. 008072S
Sathya P Koushik
 Partner
Place: Bengaluru 
 Mem
bership No.: 206920
Date: April 29, 2026 UDI
N: 26206920ODBRGU7316
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
230 231

===== PDF PAGE 135 =====
Annexure B 
to the independent auditor’s report
(Referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report on Other Legal 
and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of 
even date)
In terms of the information and explanations sought by us and 
given by the Company and the books of account and records 
examined by us in the normal course of audit and to the best 
of our knowledge and belief, we state that
(i)
  Acc
ording to the information and explanations given 
to us:
 (a
) (A
) 
 Th
e Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of property, plant and 
equipment and relevant details of right-of-
use assets.
  (B)  Th
e Company does not hold any intangible 
assets, accordingly, reporting under clause 3 
(i)(a)(B) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b
)  Acc
ording to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company has a 
regular programme of physical verification of its 
Property, Plant and Equipment and right-of-use 
assets by which all property, plant and equipment 
and right-of-use assets are verified in a phased 
manner over a period of three years. In accordance 
with this programme, certain property, plant and 
equipment and right-of-use assets were verified 
during the year. In our opinion, this periodicity of 
physical verification is reasonable having regard 
to the size of the Company and the nature of its 
assets. No material discrepancies were noticed on 
such verification.
  (c
)  Th
e Company does not have any immovable 
properties (other than properties where the 
Company is the lessee and the lease agreements 
are duly executed in favour of the Company) and 
hence reporting under clause 3(i)(c) of the Order is 
not applicable.
  (d
) 
 Th
e Company has not revalued any of its property, 
plant and equipment (including Right of Use assets) 
during the year. The Company does not have any 
intangible assets.
  (e
) 
 No 
proceedings have been initiated during the year 
or are pending against the Company as at March 
31, 2026, for holding any benami property under 
the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as 
amended in 2016) and rules made thereunder.
(ii)
  Acc
ording to the information and explanations given 
to us:
  (a
)  Th
e Company does not have any inventory and 
hence reporting under clause 3(ii)(a) of the Order is 
not applicable.
  (b
)  Acc
ording to the information and explanations 
given to us, the Company has been sanctioned 
working capital limits in excess of Rs. 5 crores, 
in aggregate, at points of time during the year, 
from banks and financial institutions on the basis 
of security of current assets. In our opinion and 
according to the information and explanations given 
to us, the quarterly statements (comprising debtor 
statement) filed by the Company with such banks 
and financial institutions are in agreement with 
unaudited books of account of the Company of the 
respective quarters.
(iii)
  Th
e Company has made investments in, but have not 
provided any guarantee or security, and have not granted 
any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured 
or unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited Liability 
Partnerships or any other parties during the year.
  (a
)  Th
e Company has not provided any loans or 
advances in the nature of loans or stood guarantee 
or provided security to any other entity during the 
year and hence reporting under clause 3(iii)(a) of the 
Order is not applicable.
  (b
) 
 Th
e investments made during the year are, in our 
opinion, not prejudicial to the Company’s interest.
  (c
)  In r
espect of loans granted by the Company, the 
schedule of repayment of principal and payment of 
interest has been stipulated, and the repayments 
of principal amounts and receipts of interest are 
regular as per stipulation.
  (d
) 
 Acc
ording to information and explanations given to 
us and based on the audit procedures performed, 
in respect of loans granted by the Company, there 
is no overdue amount remaining outstanding as at 
the balance sheet date.
  (e
)  No
ne of the loans granted by the Company have 
fallen due during the year.
(iv)  Acc
ording to information and explanation given to us, the 
Company has not granted any loans, made investments 
or provided guarantees or securities that are covered 
under the provisions of sections 185 or 186 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, and hence reporting under clause 
3(iv) of the Order is not applicable.
(v)
 
 Th
e Company has not accepted any deposit or amounts 
which are deemed to be deposits. Hence, reporting 
under clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable.
(vi)
 
 Th
e maintenance of cost records has not been specified 
for the activities of the Company by the Central 
Government under section 148(1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
(vii)
 
 Acc
ording to the information and explanations given to 
us, in respect of statutory dues:
  (a
)  Un
disputed statutory dues, including Goods and 
Service tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State 
Insurance, Income-tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, 
duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, 
cess and other material statutory dues applicable 
to the Company have been regularly deposited by 
it with the appropriate authorities in all cases during 
the year.
  (b
)  Acc
ording to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, no undisputed 
amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service 
Tax, Provident Fund, Employees State Insurance, 
Income-Tax, Duty of Customs or Cess or other 
statutory dues were in arrears as at March 31, 2026 
for a period of more than six months from the date 
they became payable.
 (c
) 
 De
tails of statutory dues referred to in sub clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on March 31, 2026 on 
account of disputes are given below:
Name of Statute Nature of 
Dues
Period to 
which the 
amount relates
Amount 
involved 
(Rs. in million)
Amount 
Unpaid 
(Rs. in million)
Forum where 
the dispute is 
pending
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax AY 2022-23 6.96 6.96 Commissioner 
of Income 
Tax (Appeals)
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax AY 2021-22 13.99 13.99 Commissioner 
of Income 
Tax (Appeals)
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax AY 2018-19 0.58 0.58 Jurisdictional 
Assesing Officer
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax AY 2018-19 0.42 0.42 Commissioner 
of Income 
Tax (Appeals)
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax AY 2010-11 0.05 0.05 High Court
(viii)
  Th
ere were no transactions relating to previously 
unrecorded income that were surrendered or disclosed 
as income in the tax assessments under the Income Tax 
Act, 1961 (43 of 1961) during the year.
(ix)
 (a
)  Th
e Company has not taken any loans or other 
borrowings from any lender.
  
  He
nce reporting under clause 3(ix)(a) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
 (b
)  Th
e Company has not been declared wilful defaulter 
by any bank or financial institution or government 
or any government authority.
 (c
) 
 Th
e Company has not taken any term loan during 
the year and there are no unutilised term loans at 
the beginning of the year and hence, reporting 
under clause 3(ix)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
 (d
)  On
 an overall examination of the financial statements 
of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis 
have, not been used during the year for long-term 
purposes by the Company.
 (e
)  On
 an overall examination of the financial statements 
of the Company, the Company has not taken any 
funds from any entity or person on account of or to 
meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates 
or joint ventures.
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
232 233

===== PDF PAGE 136 =====
(f)  The C ompany has not raised any loans during the
year and hence reporting on clause 3(ix)(f) of the
Order is not applicable.
(x)  Acco
rding to the information and explanations given
to us:
 (a)  The C
ompany has not issued any of its securities
(including debt instruments) during the year and
hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is
not applicable.
 (b)  Dur
ing the year the Company has not made any
preferential allotment or private placement of
shares or convertible debentures (fully or partly or
optionally) and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) 
of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xi)
 (a)  Dur
ing the year, there has been an instance of fraud 
on the Company by its
 
 emp
loyee amounting to Rs. 2.43 million as 
mentioned below:
Nature of Fraud By Whom Amount 
(In Rs. Millions)
Misappropriation 
of assets
Employee of 
the Company
2.43
 The a
bove amount has been recovered by the 
Company during the year.
  No f
raud by the Company has been noticed 
or reported during the year, nor have we been 
informed of any such case by the Management.
 (b)  To t
he best of our knowledge, no report under sub-
section (12) of Section 143 of the Companies Act
has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under
Rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules,
2014 with the Central Government, during the year 
and upto the date of this report.
 (c)  We ha
ve taken into consideration the whistle
blower complaints received by the Company upto
the date of this report and provided to us, when
performing our audit.
(xii)
 The 
Company is not a Nidhi Company and hence
reporting under clause (xii) of the Order is not applicable.
(xiii)  In ou
r opinion and according to the information and
explanations given to us, the transactions with related
parties are in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of
the Act, where applicable, and the details of the related 
party transactions have been disclosed in the standalone 
financial statements as required by the applicable 
accounting standards.
(xiv)
(a)  Bas
ed on information and explanations provided
to us and our audit procedures,in our opinion, 
the Company has an internal audit system 
commensurate with the size and nature of 
its business.
(b)  We ha
ve considered the internal audit reports of the 
Company issued till date for the period under audit.
(xv)  In o
ur opinion, during the year, the Company has not
entered into any non-cash transactions with any of its
directors or persons connected with such directors and
hence provisions of Section 192 of the Companies Act,
2013 are not applicable to the Company.
(xvi)
 Acco
rding to the information and explanations given
to us:
 (a)  The C ompany is not required to be registered under 
Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act,
1934. Hence, reporting under clause (xvi)(a), (b)
and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
 (d)  The G
roup does not have any core investment
company as part of the group and accordingly
reporting under clause (xvi)(d) of the Order is
not applicable.
(xvii)
  The C
ompany has not incurred cash losses during the
financial year covered by our audit and the immediately
preceding financial year.
(xviii) 
 The
re has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
of the Company during the year.
(xix)  On t
he basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected
dates of realization of financial assets and payment of
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the
financial statements and our knowledge of the Board
of Directors and Management plans and based on our
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, 
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to
believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the
date of the audit report indicating that Company is not
capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of
balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period
of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, 
state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability 
of the Company. We further state that our reporting is 
based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and 
we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all 
liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the 
balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company 
as and when they fall due.
(xx)
(a)
  In ou
r opinion and according to the information
and explanations given to us, there is no unspent 
amount under sub
-sec
tion (5) of Section 135 of 
the Act pursuant to any project other than ongoing 
projects. Accordingly, clause 3(xx)(a) of the Order is 
not applicable.
(b)
 In r
espect of ongoing projects, the Company has
transferred the unspent amount to a Special Account
within a period of 30 days from the end of the financial
year in compliance with Section 135(6) of the said Act.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No. 008072S
Sathya P Koushik
 Partner
Place: Bengaluru 
 Mem
bership No.: 206920
Date: April 29, 2026 UDI
N: 26206920ODBRGU7316
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
234 235

===== PDF PAGE 137 =====
Standalone Balance Sheet
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Note As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 4 453 285
Capital work-in-progress 4a 118 36
Right-of-use assets 7 673 243
Financial assets
 Inves
tments 5 6,166 4,713
 Loan 9 3,550 3,635
 Other financial assets 10 693 83
Def
erred tax assets (net) 25 238 216
Non-current tax assets (net) 172 102
Other non-current assets 11 7 4
Total non-current assets 12,070 9,317
Current assets
Financial assets
 Inves
tments 6 7,016 5,033
 Loan 9 443 408
 Tr
ade receivables 8
  Billed 2,834 4,105
  Unbilled 50 79
 Cash and cash equiv
alents 12 485 352
 Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents 12 811 1,284
 Other financial assets 10 291 323
Other curr
ent assets 11 819 596
Total current assets 12,749 12,180
Total assets 24,819 21,497
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Equity share capital 13 481 479
Other equity 13b 20,324 18,403
Total equity 20,805 18,882
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities
 Lease liabilities 7 480 135
 Other financial liabilities 14 139 -
Pr
ovisions 15 657 585
Total non-current liabilities 1,276 720
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities
 Lease liabilities 7 218 137
 Tr
ade payables 17
 (i)  
 Total outs
tanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises and 26 17
 (ii)  
 Total outs
tanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
300 331
 Other financial liabilities 14 1,078 700
 Other current liabilities 16 272 230
 Pr
ovisions 15 534 469
 Curr
ent tax liabilities (net) 310 11
Total current liabilities 2,738 1,895
Total liabilities 4,014 2,615
Total equity and liabilities 24,819 21,497
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statement.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s registration number: 008072S
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Sathya P Koushik
Partner
Membership number:206920
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Particulars Note For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Income
Revenue from operations 18 12,206 10,936
Other income 18A 783 904
Total income 12,989 11,840
Expenses
Employee benefits expense 19 7,952 7,592
Finance costs 20 87 62
Depreciation and amortisation expense 20A 363 262
Other expenses 21 1,773 1,539
Total expenses 10,175 9,455
Profit before tax 2,814 2,385
Tax expense  25 
Current tax 707 630
Deferred tax  (12)  (58)
Total tax expense 695 572
Profit for the year 2,119  1,813 
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), net of taxes
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the statement of profit 
or loss:
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation 24  41  (21)
Deferred tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss  (10)  5 
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to the statement of profit or 
loss:
Cash flow hedges
Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign 
operation
 -     3 
Fair value gain/(loss) arising on hedging instruments during the year 22  (79)  -    
Deferred tax relating to items that will be classified to profit and loss  20  -    
Total Other Comprehensive (Loss) for the year (net of tax)  (28)  (13)
Total comprehensive income for the year  2,091  1,800 
Earning per equity share (face value ₹ 2 each) 26
Basic (in ₹) 8.83 7.64
Diluted (in ₹) 8.78 7.59
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statement.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s registration number: 008072S
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Sathya P Koushik
Partner
Membership number:206920
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
236 237

===== PDF PAGE 138 =====
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Equity share capital As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Number
of shares
Amount Number
of shares
Amount
Balance at the beginning of the year 23,96,35,254 479 22,20,62,383 444
Add: Fresh issue of IPO shares (refer note 13a) - - 1,68,33,818 34
Add: Issued during the year (refer note 13a) 8,93,392 2 7,39,053 1
Balance at the end of the reporting year 24,05,28,646 481 23,96,35,254 479
Particulars Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Reserves and surplus Total other 
equitySecurities 
premium
Share based 
payment 
reserve
Cash flow 
hedge
Foreign 
currency 
translation 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at 01 April 2024 - 2,469 314 - (6) 6,317 9,094
Add : Profit for the year - - - - - 1,813 1,813
Add : Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
(net of tax) for the year (refer note 24)
- - - - 3 (15) (12)
Total comprehensive (loss)/ income for the 
year
- - - - 3 1,798 1,801
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options - 204 (132) - - - 72
Compensation cost related to equity settled 
share based payment
- - 171 - - - 171
Premium on shares issued during the year 
by way of Initial Public Offer*
- 7,575 - - - - 7,575
Share application money received pending 
allotment
9 - - - - - 9
Share premium adjusted towards Initial 
Public Offer expenses (refer note 31)
- (319) - - - - (319)
9 7,460 39 - 3 1,798 9,309
Balance as at 31 March 2025 9 9,929 353 - (3) 8,115 18,403
Add : Profit for the year - - - - 3 2,117 2,119
Add : Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
(net of tax) for the year (refer note 24)
- - - (59) - 31 (28)
Total comprehensive (loss)/ income for the 
year
- - - (59) 3 2,148 2,091
Dividend - - - - - (480) (480)
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options (9) 207 (150) - - - 48
Compensation cost related to equity settled 
share based payment
- - 256 - - - 256
Transfer of foreign currency translation 
reserve on closure of foreign operations
- - - - - 3 3
Share application money received pending 
allotment
3 - - - - - 3
Share premium adjusted towards Initial 
Public Offer expenses
- ^ - - - - ^
(6) 207 106 (59) 3 1,671 1,921
Balance as at 31 March 2026 3 10,136 459 (59) - 9,786 20,324
*Adjusted for employee discount on Initial Public Offer.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statement.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s registration number: 008072S
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Sathya P Koushik
Partner
Membership number:206920
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Standalone Statement of Cash Flow
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
A. Cas
h flows from operating activities
Profit bef
ore tax for the year 2,814 2,385
 Adjustments to reconcile pr
ofit for the year to net cash generated from 
operating activities:
Depreciation and amortisation e
xpense 363 262
Finance costs 79 58
Interest income (444) (464)
Net gain on disposal/fair v
aluation of investments (300) (292)
Gain on termination of lease (9) -
Expected credit loss pro
vision on trade receivables and advances (7) 3
Equity set
tled share based payment expenses 84 74
Rever
sals of provision for diminution in value of loans and interest (3) (5)
Net gain on sale of inves
tments in subsidiaries - (36)
Effect of e
xchange differences on restatement 79 (3)
Operating pro
fit before working capital changes 2,656 1,982
Changes in working capital
(Increase)/
decrease in trade receivables 1,396 (428)
(Increase)/
decrease in loans and advances and other assets (174) 521
Increase/(
decrease) in liabilities (78) (236)
Increase/(
decrease) in provisions 135 157
Cash generated fr
om operating activities 3,935 1,996
Income tax paid (479) (706)
Net cash generated fr
om operating activities [A] 3,456 1,290
B. Cas
h flow from investing activities
Purchase of pr
operty, plant and equipment (441) (165)
Interest r
eceived 497 306
Proceeds fr
om repayments of related party loan 411 2
Loan to subsidiaries - (3,950)
Investment in subsidiaries (1,453) (953)
Proceeds fr
om sale of investments in subsidiaries - 130
Purchase of inv
estments (4,440) (6,024)
Redemption of investments 2,757 3,667
Investment in fix
ed deposit (3,669) (18,168)
Redemption / maturity of fixed deposit 3,617 16,908
Net cash used in inves
ting activities [B] (2,721) (8,247)
C. Cas
h flow from financing activities
Proceeds fr
om fresh issue of equity shares (net of share issue expense) 53 7,328
Dividend paid (480) -
Payment of lease liabilities (199) (155)
Net cash generated/(used in) financing ac
tivities [C] (626) 7,173
Net increase
/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents during the year [A+B+C] 109 216
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the y
ear 352 132
 Effect of e
xchange differences on translation of foreign currency cash and 
cash equivalents
24 4
Cas
h and cash equivalents at the end of the year 485 352
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
238 239

===== PDF PAGE 139 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise the following (refer note 12):
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Cash in hand ^ ^
Balances with bank:
- In current accounts  170  352 
- In deposit accounts with original maturity less than 3 months  315  -   
Total  485  352 
The above Standalone statement of cash flow has been prepared under the indirect method set out in Indian Accounting 
Standard (Ind AS) 7 on Statement of Cash Flows.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the Standalone Financial Statement.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s registration number: 008072S
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Sathya P Koushik
Partner
Membership number:206920
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Standalone Statement of Cash Flow
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
1 Corporate Information
 Indegene Limited ('the Company' or ‘Indegene’) is a global 
pr
ovider of solutions consisting of analytics, technology 
and commercial, medical, regulatory and safety services 
to life science and healthcare organizations.
 The 
Company was incorporated in the year 1998 in 
India and subsidiaries in the United States of America, 
United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, Japan, People’s 
Republic of China, Singapore, Switzerland, Canada, 
Mexico, Germany, Austria and Spain. The registered 
office of the Company is situated at Aspen G4, 3
rd Floor, 
Manyata Embassy Business Park, Outer Ring Road, 
Nagavara, Bengaluru – 560045, India. The Company has 
completed its Initial Public Offer (IPO) and accordingly 
the Company's equity shares are listed on National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) 
on 13 May 2024.
 Thes
e Standalone financial statements were authorized 
for issue by the Board of Directors on 29 April 2026.
2  Basis of pr eparation of Standalone financial 
statements
(i) Statement of compliance and basis o f preparation
 The S
tandalone financial information of the
Company comprises the Standalone statement
of balance sheet as at 31 March 2026 and 31
March 2025, the Standalone Statement of Profit
and Loss (including other comprehensive income),
Standalone statement of changes in equity and
the Standalone statement of cash flows for the
year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025,
the summary of material accounting policies and
explanatory notes (collectively, the ‘Standalone
financial statement’).
 The 
standalone financial statements of the company
have been prepared to comply in all material
respects with the Indian Accounting Standards
("Ind AS") as prescribed under Section 133 of the
Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting
Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time
to time), presentation requirements of Division
II of Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, as
applicable to the Standalone financial statements
and other relevant provisions of the Act.
 The a
ccounting policies have been consistently 
applied by the Company in preparation of the 
Standalone financial statements. These Standalone 
financial statements do not reflect the effects of 
events that occurred subsequent to the respective 
dates of auditor’s reports on the audited Standalone 
financial statements mentioned above. All amounts 
disclosed in the Standalone financial statements 
and notes have been rounded off to the nearest 
₹ millions as per the requirement of Schedule III, 
unless otherwise stated. There were no changes 
in accounting policies during the year of these 
Standalone financial statements.
 The p
reparation of these Standalone financial 
statements requires the use of certain critical 
accounting judgements and estimates. It also 
requires the management to exercise judgement 
in the process of applying the Standalone’s 
accounting policies. The areas where estimates are 
significant to the Standalone financial statements, 
or areas involving a higher degree of judgement or 
complexity, are disclosed in Note (iv).
(ii) Functional and pr esentation currency
 All
 amounts included in the standalone financial
statements are reported in Indian rupees (in
millions) except share and per share data, unless
otherwise stated. Due to rounding off, the numbers 
presented throughout the document may not add
up precisely to the totals and percentages may not
precisely reflect the absolute figures. "^" in the
financials denote amounts less than ₹ 0.50 million.
(iii) Basis of measurement
 The 
standalone financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, the historical
cost convention and on an accrual basis, except
for the following material items which have been
measured at fair value as required by relevant
Ind AS:
a) Der
ivative financial instruments;
b)  Fin
ancial instruments classified as fair value
through other comprehensive income or fair
value through profit or loss;
c) Defi
ned benefits assets/ (liability)
d) Sha
re based payments
Standalone Financial Statement
241
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26240

===== PDF PAGE 140 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
(iv) Use of estimates or judgement
 The
 preparation of standalone financial statements
in conformity with Ind AS requires management to
make judgements, estimates and assumptions that 
affect the application of accounting policies and the 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
expenses. The management bases its estimates on 
historical experience and various other assumptions 
that are believed to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Actual results may differ from
those estimates.
 The e
stimates and underlying assumptions
are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
accounting estimates are recognised in the period
in which the estimates are revised and in any future 
periods affected. In particular, information about
significant areas of estimation, uncertainty and
critical judgements in applying accounting policies
that have the most significant effect on the amounts 
recognised in the standalone financial statements is 
included in the following notes:
a) Revenue 
recognition
 The C
ompany applies judgement to determine 
whether each product or services promised to a 
customer are capable of being distinct, and are 
distinct in the context of the contract, if not, the 
promised product and services are combined
and accounted as a single performance
obligation. Identification of distinct
performance obligation involves judgement
to determine the deliverables and the ability
of the customer to benefit independently
from such deliverables. Judgement is also
required to determine the transaction price
for the contract and to ascribe the transaction
price to each distinct performance obligation.
The Company also exercises judgement
in determining whether the performance
obligation is satisfied at a point in time or
over a period of time. The Company uses the
percentage of completion method using the
input method to measure progress towards
completion in respect of fixed price contracts.
Percentage of completion method accounting
relies on estimates of total expected contract
revenue and costs. This method is followed
when reasonably dependable estimates of
the revenues and costs applicable to various 
elements of the contract can be made. Further, 
the Company also considers indicators such as 
how customer consumes benefits as services 
are rendered or who controls the asset as it 
is being created or existence of enforceable 
right to payment for performance to date 
and alternate use of such product or service, 
transfer of significant risk and rewards to 
the customer, acceptance of delivery by the 
customer, etc.
 The
 Company recognises revenue from 
the provision of IT enabled and related 
consultancy services provided to its wholly 
owned subsidiaries and other step down 
subsidiaries which is recognized based on 
cost-plus agreed mark-up percentage and 
billed as per the terms of the respective 
agreements. The revenue is recognised on a 
monthly basis based on the billing as per the 
cost plus markup defined above.
b) Income tax
 The m
ajor tax jurisdiction for the Company
is India. Significant judgments are involved
in determining the provision for income
taxes including judgment on whether tax
positions are probable of being sustained in
tax assessments. The tax assessments can
be lengthy and complex issues and could take
inordinate amount of time before they are
resolved. The Company considers all these
complexities while estimating income taxes,
however, there could be an unfavourable
resolution of such issues.
c) Deferr
ed Tax
 Def
erred tax is recorded on temporary
differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts, at the 
rates that have been enacted or substantively
enacted at the reporting date. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent 
upon the generation of future taxable profits
during the periods in which those temporary
differences and tax loss carry-forwards
become deductible. The Company considers
the expected reversal of deferred tax assets
and projected future taxable income in making 
this assessment. The amount of the deferred 
income tax assets considered realizable, 
however, could be reduced in the near term if 
estimates of future taxable income during the 
carry-forward period are reduced.
d) Lease
 IND 
AS 116 defines a lease term as the non-
cancellable period for which the lessee has
the right to use an underlying asset including
optional periods, when an entity is reasonably 
certain to exercise an option to extend (or not
to terminate) a lease. The Company considers
all relevant facts and circumstances that
create an economic incentive for the lessee
to exercise the option when determining
the lease term. The option to extend the
lease term is included in the lease term, if it
is reasonably certain that the lessee would
exercise the option. The Company reassesses
the option when significant events or changes
in circumstances occur that are within the
control of the lessee.
e)  Defined benefit plans and compensated
absences
 The c
ost of the defined benefit plans,
compensated absences and the present value 
of the defined benefit obligations are based
on actuarial valuation using the projected unit
credit method. An actuarial valuation involves
making various assumptions that may differ
from actual developments in the future. These 
include the determination of the discount
rate, future salary increases and mortality
rates. Due to the complexities involved in the
valuation and its long-term nature, a defined
benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes 
in these assumptions. All assumptions are
reviewed at each reporting date.
f) Expected credit losses on financial asse
ts
 The 
impairment provisions of financial assets
are based on assumptions about risk of
default and expected timing of collection.
The Company uses judgment in making these
assumptions and selecting the inputs to the
expected credit loss calculation based on the 
Company’s history of collections, customer’s 
creditworthiness, existing market conditions 
as well as forward looking estimates at the end 
of each reporting period.
g)  Fair value measur
ement of financial
instruments:
 Whe
n the fair value of financial assets and
financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet
cannot be measured based on quoted prices in 
active markets, the fair value is measured using 
appropriate valuation techniques. The inputs
to these models are taken from observable
markets where possible, but where this is not
feasible, a degree of judgement is required in
establishing fair values. Judgements include
considerations of inputs such as liquidity
risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes in
assumptions about these factors could affect
the reported fair value of financial instruments.
h) Useful lives o
f Property, plant and Equipment:
 The
 Company depreciates property, plant
and equipment on a straight-line basis over
estimated useful lives of the assets which is
derived based on an estimate of an asset’s
expected useful life and the expected residual 
value at the end of its life. The lives are based
on historical experience with similar assets
as well as anticipation of future events,
which may impact their life, such as changes
in technology. The estimated useful life is
reviewed at least annually.
i) Other estimates:
 The 
share-based compensation expense is
determined based on the Company estimate
of equity instruments that will eventually
vest. Information about other estimation
and assumptions related uncertainties that
could have a significant risk of material
adjustment are:
(a)  Rec
ognition and measurement of
provisions: key assumptions about the
likelihood and magnitude of an outflow
of resources.
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
242 243

===== PDF PAGE 141 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
3 Material accounting policies
 These standalone financial statements are presented 
in
 Indian rupees ₹, which is the functional currency of 
the Company.
(a) Foreign curr
ency transactions
Transac
tions and balances
 All t
ransactions in foreign currencies are translated 
to the functional currency using the prevailing
exchange rates on the date of such transactions.
All monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies are translated to the functional
currency at the exchange rate at the reporting
date. All non-monetary assets and liabilities that
are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are
translated to the functional currency at the exchange 
rate when the fair value was determined. All foreign 
currency differences are generally recognised in
the statement of profit and loss, except for non-
monetary items denominated in foreign currency
and measured based on historical cost, as they are
not translated.
(b) Proper
ty, plant and equipment
Recognition and measurement
 Ite
ms of Property, plant and equipment are
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
and accumulated impairment loss. Cost includes
expenditure that is directly attributable to the
acquisition of the asset. Where significant parts
of an item of plant and equipment have different
useful lives, they are accounted for as separate
items (major components) of Property, plant and
equipment. Gains and losses on disposal of an item 
of Property, plant and equipment are determined
by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the
carrying amount of Property, plant and equipment
and are recognised net within “other income/
expenses” in the Standalone statement of profit
and loss.
 Dep
osits and advances paid towards the acquisition 
of plant and equipment outstanding as of each
reporting date and the cost of property, plant and
equipment not available for use before such date
are disclosed under capital advance.
Subsequent cos
ts
 The Company recognises the carrying amount 
of an item of Property, plant and equipment, the 
cost of replacing part of such an item when that 
cost is incurred if it is probable that the future 
economic benefits embodied with the item will flow 
to the Company and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably. All other costs are recognised 
in the Standalone statement of profit and loss 
as an expense as incurred. Ongoing repairs and 
maintenance are expensed as incurred.
Depreciation
 Depr
eciation is charged to the statement of profit 
and loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated 
useful lives of items of plant and equipment. The 
estimated useful lives are as follows:
Asset 
classification 
Useful life as 
per Companies 
Act, 2013
Estimated 
useful life
Computers and 
accessories
3 years 3 years
Furniture and 
fittings
10 years 3-5 years
Office 
equipment
5 years 3-5 years
Vehicle 8 years 5 years
 Leas
ehold improvements are depreciated over 
the lease period or over the useful lives of assets, 
whichever is lower. The depreciation method, useful 
life and residual value are reviewed at each reporting 
date and adjusted if appropriate. Assets acquired 
through business combination are depreciated on 
straight line basis over the remaining useful life of 
asset estimated by the management on the date of 
acquisition. The asset category and the useful lives 
estimated by management are as per schedule II to 
Companies Act, 2013, except furniture and fittings 
and vehicles.
(c) Intangible assets and amortisation
 Int
angible assets that are acquired by the Company
and having finite useful life are measured initially
at cost. After initial recognition, these are carried
at cost less any accumulated amortisation and any
accumulated impairment loss.
 Sub
sequent expenditure is capitalized only when it 
increases the future economic benefits embodied in 
the specific asset to which it relates.
 Exp
enditure incurred on research activities, 
undertaken with the prospect of gaining new 
scientific or technical knowledge and understanding, 
is recognised in the Standalone Statement of 
Profit and Loss and other comprehensive income 
as and when incurred. Development expenditure 
is capitalized only if development costs can be 
measured reliably, the product or process is 
technically and commercially feasible, future 
economic benefits are probable, and the Company 
intends to and has sufficient resources to complete 
development and to use the asset. Development 
activities involve a plan or design for the production 
of new or substantially improved products 
or processes.
 The e
xpenditure capitalized includes the cost of 
materials, staff costs, overhead costs that are 
directly attributable to preparing the asset for its 
intended use, and directly attributable borrowing 
costs (in the same manner as in the case of 
property, plant and equipment). Other development 
expenditure is recognised in the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss and comprehensive 
income as and when incurred.
 Int
angible assets are amortized on a straight-line 
basis over their estimated useful lives, from the date 
that they are available for use, since this most closely 
reflects the expected pattern of consumption of the 
future economic benefits embodied in the asset. 
Amortisation methods and the estimated useful 
life of assets are reviewed, and where appropriate 
are adjusted, annually.
(d) Financial instruments
 A fi
nancial instrument is any contract that gives
rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial
liability or equity instrument of another entity.
Financial instruments in the form of financial assets
and financial liabilities are generally presented
separately. Financial instruments are recognized on 
the balance sheet when the Company becomes a
party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
 Upo
n initial recognition, financial instruments are 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial 
instruments are recognized in determining the 
carrying amount, if it is not classified as at fair 
value through profit or loss. Subsequently, financial 
instruments are measured according to the category 
in which they are classified.
Financial asse
ts
 Fin
ancial assets are classified into 
following categories:
-  Fin
ancial assets carried at amortised cost
-  Fin
ancial assets fair valued through other
comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
-  Fin
ancial assets at fair value through profit or
loss (FVTPL),
 Fin
ancial assets primarily comprise of trade 
receivables, loan and receivables, cash and bank 
balances and marketable securities and investments.
 The 
subsequent measurement of financial assets 
depends on their classification as follows:
 Financial assets carried at amortised cos
t
 A fin
ancial asset is subsequently measured at 
amortised cost if it meets both the following criteria:
(i)  the a
sset is held within a business model
whose objective is to hold the asset to collect
contractual cash flows, and
(ii
)  the 
contractual terms of the financial assets
give rise on a specified date to cash flows that
are solely payments of principal and interest
on the principal outstanding.
 Financial assets at fair v
alue through other 
comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
 A fin
ancial asset is subsequently measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income if it 
meets both the following criteria:
(i) the a
sset is held within a business model
whose objective is achieved by both collecting 
contractual cash flows and selling financial
assets, and
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
244 245

===== PDF PAGE 142 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
  (ii)   the  contractual terms of the financial asset give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are 
solely payments of principal and interest on 
the principal amount outstanding.
  
 Fu
rther, in cases where the Company has made an 
irrevocable election based on its business model, 
for its investments which are classified as equity 
instruments, the subsequent changes in fair value 
are recognized in other comprehensive income. 
For equity investments elected to be measured at 
FVTOCI, all fair value changes in the instruments 
excluding dividends, are recognised in OCI and is 
never recycled to statement of profit and loss, even 
on sale of the instrument. Interest income earned 
on FVTOCI instruments are recognised in the 
statement of profit and loss.
  
 Financial assets at f
air value through profit or loss 
(FVTPL)
  
 A fi
nancial asset which does not meet the amortised 
cost or FVTOCI criteria is measured as FVTPL. 
Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair 
value at the end of each reporting period, with any 
gains or losses on re-measurement recognised 
in statement of profit or loss. The gain or loss on 
disposal is recognised in the statement of profit and 
loss. Interest income earned on FVTPL instruments 
are recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
  Financial 
liabilities
  
 Fi
nancial liabilities are classified into financial 
liabilities at fair value though profit or loss and 
other financial liabilities. Financial liabilities primarily 
include trade payables, liabilities to banks, derivative 
financial liabilities and other liabilities.
  Financial liabilities measured at amor
tised cost
  
 Af
ter initial recognition, financial liabilities are 
subsequently measured at amortized cost 
using the effective interest method, except for 
contingent considerations recognized in a business 
combination which is subsequently measured at 
FVTPL. For trade and other payables, the carrying 
amounts approximate fair value due to the short-
term maturity of these instruments.
  Compound financial ins truments
  
 Co
mpound financial instruments have both a 
financial liability and an equity component from the 
issuer’s perspective. The components are defined 
based on the terms of the financial instrument and 
presented and measured separately according to 
their substance. At initial recognition of a compound 
financial instrument, the financial liability component 
is recognised at fair value and the residual amount 
is allocated to equity.
  
 Derivativ
e financial instruments
  
 Al
l derivatives are recognized initially at fair value 
on the date a derivative contract is entered into and 
subsequently re-measured at fair value. Embedded 
derivatives are separated from the host contract 
and accounted for separately if they are not 
closely related to the host contract. The Company 
measures all derivative financial instruments 
based on fair values derived from market prices 
of the instruments or from option pricing models, 
as appropriate. Changes in the fair value of any 
derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge 
accounting are recognized immediately in the 
statement of profit and loss, except for derivatives 
that are highly effective and qualify for cash flow or 
net investment hedge accounting.
  
 Th
e Company, effective 01 January 2026, as part 
of its risk management strategy implemented cash 
flow hedge for its derivative instruments to limit 
the effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations as 
the Company is exposed to foreign exchange rate 
fluctuation on foreign currency assets, liabilities 
and forecasted cash flows denominated foreign 
currency. The Company uses forward contracts / 
options to hedge its risk associated with foreign 
currency fluctuations relating to certain forecasted 
transactions. The Company designates some 
of these forward contracts / options as hedge 
instruments and accounts for them as cash flow 
hedges applying the recognition and measurement 
principles set out in Ind AS 109. The counter-
party to the Company’s foreign currency forward 
contracts is generally a bank. The Company 
does not use derivative financial instruments for 
speculative purposes.
  
 Su
bsequent to initial recognition, derivative financial 
instruments are measured as described below
  Cash flo w hedges
  
 Th
e Company designates certain derivative 
instruments as cash flow hedges to mitigate the risk 
of foreign exchange exposure on highly probable 
forecast transactions.
  
 Ch
anges in the fair value of the derivative hedging 
instruments designated as a cash flow hedge are 
recognized in other comprehensive income and 
held in cash flow hedging reserve, net of taxes, 
a component of equity, to the extent that the 
hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge 
is ineffective, changes in fair value are recognized 
in the statement of profit and loss and reported  
within foreign exchange gains/(losses), net, within 
results from operating activities. If the hedging 
instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge 
accounting, then hedge accounting is discontinued 
prospectively. If the hedging instrument expires or is 
sold, terminated or exercised, the cumulative gain or 
loss on the hedging instrument recognized in cash 
flow hedging reserve till the period the hedge was 
effective remains in cash flow hedging reserve until 
the forecasted transaction occurs. The cumulative 
gain or loss previously recognized in the cash flow 
hedging reserve is transferred to the statement of 
profit and loss upon the occurrence of the related 
forecasted transaction. If the forecasted transaction 
is no longer expected to occur, such cumulative 
balance is immediately recognized in the statement 
of profit and loss.
  Other
s
  
 Chan
ges in fair value of foreign currency derivative 
instruments not designated as cash flow hedges 
are recognized in the statement of profit and loss 
and reported within foreign exchange gains, net.
  Non-financial underlying variable
  
 Th
e definition of a derivative excludes instruments 
with a non-financial underlying variable that is 
specific to a party to the contract. The Company 
has considered the accounting policy choice 
of considering Earning before Interest, Tax, 
Depreciation and Amortisation, profit, sales volume, 
revenue or the cash flows of one counterparty to be 
a non-financial underlying variable that are specific 
to a party to the contract.
   De-r ecognition of financial assets and liabilities
  
 Th
e Company derecognizes a financial asset only 
when the contractual rights to the cash flows 
from the financial asset expires or it transfers 
the financial asset and the transfer qualifies for 
derecognition under Ind AS 109. If the Company 
retains substantially all the risks and rewards of 
ownership of a transferred financial asset, the 
Company continues to recognize the financial 
asset and also recognizes a borrowing for the 
proceeds received.
  
 A 
financial liability (or a part of financial liability) 
is derecognised from the Company’s balance 
sheet when obligation specified in the contract is 
discharged or cancelled or expires.
  Off
setting of financial instruments
  
 Fi
nancial assets and financial liabilities are offset 
with the net amount reported in the balance sheet 
only if there is a current enforceable legal right to 
offset the recognised amounts and an intent to 
settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and 
settle the liabilities simultaneously.
 (e
) Impairment
  (a)  Financial assets
  
  In
d AS 109 requires the Company to record 
expected credit losses on all of its financial 
assets which are debt securities, loans and 
receivables, either on a 12-month or life 
time expected credit losses. The Company 
recognises loss allowances using the expected 
credit loss (ECL) model for the financial assets 
which are not fair valued through profit or loss. 
Loss allowance for trade receivable with no 
significant financing component is measured 
at an amount equal to life time ECL. For all 
other financial assets, ECL are measured at 
an amount equal to 12-month ECL, unless 
there is a significant increase in the credit risk 
from initial recognition in which case those 
are measured at lifetime ECL. The amount 
of expected credit losses (or reversal) that is 
required to adjust the loss allowance at the 
reporting date to the amount that is required to 
be recognized is recognized as an impairment 
gain or loss in statement of profit and loss.
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
246 247

===== PDF PAGE 143 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
  (b)  Non-financial assets
  
  Th
e Company assesses whether there are any 
indicators of impairment for all non-financial 
assets at each reporting date. Goodwill and 
intangible assets with indefinite economic 
lives are tested for impairment annually and 
at other times when such indicators exist. The 
recoverable amounts of cash generating units 
have been determined based on value-in-
use calculations.
  
  Ot
her non-financial assets are tested for 
impairment when there are indicators that the 
carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
 (f) Equit
y
  
 Th
e transaction costs of an equity transaction are 
accounted for as a deduction from equity (net of 
any related income tax benefit) to the extent they 
are incremental costs directly attributable to the 
equity transaction that otherwise would have been 
avoided. Qualifying transaction costs incurred in 
anticipation of an issuance of equity instruments is 
deferred on the Standalone statement of assets and 
liabilities until the equity instrument is recognized. 
Deferred costs are subsequently reclassified as a 
deduction from equity when the equity instruments 
are recognized.
  
 Th
e transaction costs incurred with respect to 
the proposed Initial Public Offer ("IPO") of the 
Company is recognized as an asset to the extent 
recoverable from the selling shareholders. The 
remaining costs are allocated between new issue 
of shares and listing of existing equity shares. The 
costs attributable to listing of existing shares is 
recognized in the statement of profit or loss. The 
remaining costs attributable to new issuance of 
shares is deferred on the Standalone balance 
sheet and recognized in equity once the instrument 
is issued.
  Cash flo
w hedge reserve
  
 Ch
anges in fair value of derivative hedging 
instruments designated and effective as a cash 
flow hedge are recognized in other comprehensive 
income, net of taxes, and presented within equity 
as cash flow hedging reserve.
 (g) Tr
easury shares
  
 Ow
n equity instruments that are reacquired (treasury 
shares) are recognized at cost and deducted from 
equity. No gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss 
on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the 
Company's own equity instruments. Any difference 
between the carrying amount and the consideration, 
if reissued, is recognized in other reserve.
 (h)  Employ
ee benefits
  (a)  Pos
t-employment benefits
   De
fined contribution plans
  
  A d
efined contribution plan is a post-
employment benefit plan under which an 
entity pays fixed contributions into a separate 
entity and will have no legal or constructive 
obligation to pay further amounts.  Obligations 
for contributions to defined contribution 
pension plans are recognised as an employee 
benefit expense in statement of profit and 
loss and other comprehensive income in the 
periods during which services are rendered 
b y  e m p l o y e e s .   P r e p a i d  c o n t r i b u t i o n s  a r e  
recognised as an asset to the extent that a 
cash refund or a reduction in future payments 
i s  a v a i l a b l e .   C o n t r i b u t i o n s  t o  a  d e f i n e d  
contribution plan that is due more than 12 
months after the end of the period in which the 
employees render the service are discounted 
to their present value.
   De
fined benefit plans
  
  Th
e Company’s gratuity benefit scheme 
is a defined benefit plan. Gratuity benefits 
are unfunded. The Company’s obligation in 
respect of a defined benefit plan is calculated 
by estimating the amount of future benefit 
that employees have earned in return for their 
service in the current and prior periods; that 
benefit is discounted to determine its present 
value. Any unrecognized past service cost and 
the fair value of any plan assets are deducted. 
The calculation of the Company’s obligation 
is performed annually by a qualified actuary 
using the projected unit credit method. The 
Company recognizes all actuarial gains and 
losses arising from defined benefit plans 
immediately in Other Comprehensive Income, 
net of taxes. All expenses related to defined 
benefit plans are recognized in employee 
benefit expense in the Standalone statement 
of profit and loss. When the benefits of a plan 
are improved, the portion of the increased 
benefit related to past service by employees is 
recognized in statement of profit and loss on a 
straight-line basis over the average period until 
the benefits become vested. The Company 
recognizes gains and losses on the curtailment 
or settlement of a defined benefit plan when 
the curtailment or settlement occurs.
   C
ompensated absences
  
  Th
e employees can carry-forward a portion 
of the unutilized accrued compensated 
absences and utilize it in future service periods 
or receive cash compensation on termination 
of employment. The Company records an 
obligation for such compensated absences 
in the period in which the employee renders 
the services that increase this entitlement. 
The obligation is measured on the basis 
of independent actuarial valuation using 
the projected unit credit method. Since the 
Company does not have rights to defer the 
leave availment by the employees, the entire 
obligation has been classified as 'current 
liabilities' under 'short-term provisions'.
   T
ermination benefits
  
  Te
rmination benefits are recognised as an 
expense when, as a result of a past event, the 
Company has a present obligation that can be 
estimated reliably, and it is probable that an 
outflow of economic benefits will be required 
to settle the obligation.
  (b)  Other long term benefits
  
  Th
e Company’s net obligation in respect of 
long-term employee benefits is the amount 
of future benefit that employees have earned 
in return for their service in the current and 
future periods. That benefit is discounted to 
determine its present value. Re-measurements 
are recognised in statement of profit and loss 
in the period in which they arise.
  (c
)  Short
-term employee benefits
  
  Em
ployee benefits payable wholly within 
twelve months of receiving employee services 
are classified as short term employee benefits. 
These benefits include salaries and wages, 
bonus and ex-gratia. The undiscounted 
amount of short-term employee benefits to 
be paid in exchange for employee services 
is recognized as an expense as the related 
service is rendered by employee.
  (d)  Share
-based payment transactions
  
  Th
e cost of equity settled transactions with 
employees is measured by reference to the fair 
value of the date on which the share options 
are granted. The expense is recognised 
in the statement of profit and loss with a 
corresponding increase to the share options 
outstanding account, a component of equity.
  
  Th
e equity instruments generally vest in 
a graded manner over the vesting period. 
The fair value determined at the grant 
date is expensed over the vesting period 
of the respective tranches of such grants 
(accelerated amortization). The stock 
compensation expense is determined 
based on the Company’s estimate of equity 
instruments or cash settled instruments that 
will eventually vest.
  
  At e
ach reporting date, the Standalone reviews 
its estimates of the number of options that are 
expected to become exercisable on vesting 
date. The Standalone recognises the impact 
of the revision of original estimates, if any, 
in the Standalone Statement of Profit and 
Loss and other comprehensive income, and a 
corresponding adjustment to equity over the 
vesting period.
 (i) P
rovisions
  
 A pr
ovision is recognised in the Standalone balance 
sheet when the Company has a present legal or 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
248 249

===== PDF PAGE 144 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
constructive obligation as a result of a past event 
that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that 
an outflow of economic benefits will be required to 
settle the obligation.
 Prov
isions are determined by discounting the 
expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the liability. 
The unwinding of the discount is recognised as 
finance cost. The amount recognised as a provision 
is the best estimate of the consideration required 
to settle the present obligation at the end of the 
reporting period, taking into account the risks and 
uncertainties surrounding the obligation.
 Pro
visions for onerous contracts are recognised 
when the expected benefits to be derived by 
the Company from a contract are lower than the 
unavoidable costs of meeting the future obligations 
under the contract. Provisions for onerous contracts 
are measured at the present value of lower of the 
expected net cost of fulfilling the contract and the 
expected cost of terminating the contract.
(j) Rev
enue
 Rev
enue is recognized upon transfer of control
of promised products or services to customers
in an amount that reflects the consideration the
Company expects to receive in exchange for those
products or services. To recognize revenues, the
Company applies the following five step approach:
(1) identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify 
the performance obligations in the contract, (3)
determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the
transaction price to the performance obligations in
the contract, and (5) recognize revenues when a
performance obligation is satisfied.
 At c
ontract inception, the Company assesses 
its promise to transfer products or services to 
a customer to identify separate performance 
obligations. The Company applies judgement 
to determine whether each product or service 
promised to a customer is capable of being distinct, 
and are distinct in the context of the contract, if not, 
the promised products or services are combined and 
accounted as a single performance obligation. The 
Company allocates the arrangement consideration 
to separately identifiable performance obligation 
based on their relative stand-alone selling price 
or residual method. Stand-alone selling prices are 
determined based on sale prices for the components 
when it is regularly sold separately, in cases where 
the Company is unable to determine the stand-
alone selling price the Company uses third-party 
prices for similar deliverables or the Company uses 
expected cost-plus margin approach in estimating 
the stand-alone selling price.
 For
 performance obligations where control is 
transferred over time, revenues are recognized 
by measuring progress towards completion of 
the performance obligation. The selection of the 
method to measure progress towards completion 
requires judgment and is based on the nature of the 
promised products or services to be provided.
 The 
method for recognizing revenues and costs 
depends on the nature of the services rendered:
A.  Time and materials contracts
 Rev
enues and costs relating to time and
materials are recognized as the related
services are rendered.
B. Fixed-price contrac
ts
 Rev
enues related to fixed-price contracts viz.
maintenance and testing and business process 
services are recognized based on our right to
invoice for services performed for contracts
in which the invoicing is representative of
the value being delivered. When services are
performed through an indefinite number of
repetitive acts over a specified period, revenue 
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
specified period unless some other method
better represents the stage of completion.
 In c
ertain projects, a fixed quantum of service
or output units is agreed at a fixed price for
a fixed term. Revenue is recognized based
on the achievement of the output. Any
residual service unutilized by the customer
is recognized as revenue on completion of
the term.
  Rev enue from other fixed price contracts 
is recognized using the percentage-of-
completion method, calculated as the 
proportion of the cost of effort incurred up 
to the reporting date to estimated cost of 
total effort.
 A co
ntract asset is a right to consideration 
that is conditional upon factors other than the 
passage of time. Contract assets primarily 
relate to unbilled amounts on fixed-price 
development contracts and are classified as 
non-financial asset as the contractual right to 
consideration is dependent on completion of 
contractual milestones.
 A con
tract liability is an entity’s obligation to 
transfer goods or services to a customer for 
which the entity has received consideration (or 
the amount is due) from the customer.
 Unb
illed revenues on other than fixed price 
development contracts are classified as a 
financial asset where the right to consideration 
is unconditional upon passage of time.
Volume 
based contracts
 Rev
enues and costs are recognized as the 
related services are rendered.
C.  Others
 Any
 change in scope or price is considered as a 
contract modification. The Company accounts
for modifications to existing contracts by
assessing whether the services added are
distinct and whether the pricing is at the
stand-alone selling price. Services added
that are not distinct are accounted for on a
cumulative catch up basis, while those that are 
distinct are accounted for prospectively, either 
as a separate contract if the additional services 
are priced at the stand-alone selling price, or
as a termination of the existing contract and
creation of a new contract if not priced at the
stand-alone selling price.
 Rev
enue from sale of services is measured
based on the transaction price, which is
the consideration, adjusted for variable 
considerations like, volume discounts, 
rebates and pricing incentives to customers 
as reduction of revenue on a systematic and 
rational basis over the period of the contract. 
The Company estimates an amount of such 
variable consideration using expected value 
method or the single most likely amount in 
a range of possible consideration depending 
on which method better predicts the amount 
of consideration to which the Company may 
be entitled.
 Rev
enues are shown net of allowances/ 
returns, goods and services tax and 
applicable discounts.
 The C
ompany accrues the estimated cost 
of warranties at the time when the revenue 
is recognized. The accruals are based on the 
Company’s historical experience of material 
usage and service delivery costs.
 Inc
remental costs that relate directly to a 
contract and incurred in securing a contract 
with a customer are recognized as an asset 
when the Company expects to recover these 
costs and amortized over the contract term.
 The 
Company recognizes contract fulfilment 
cost as an asset if those costs specifically relate 
to a contract or to an anticipated contract, the 
costs generate or enhance resources that will 
be used in satisfying performance obligations 
in future; and the costs are expected to 
be recovered. The asset so recognized is 
amortized on a systematic basis consistent 
with the transfer of goods or services to 
customer to which the asset relates.
 The C
ompany assesses the timing of the 
transfer of goods or services to the customer 
as compared to the timing of payments to 
determine whether a significant financing 
component exists. As a practical expedient, 
the Company does not assess the existence 
of a significant financing component when the 
difference between payment and transfer of 
deliverables is a year or less. If the difference 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
250 251

===== PDF PAGE 145 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
in timing arises for reasons other than the 
provision of finance to either the customer or 
us, no financing component is deemed to exist.
 The
 Company may enter into arrangements 
with third party suppliers to resell products 
or services. In such cases, the Company 
evaluates whether the Company is the 
principal (i.e. report revenues on a gross basis) 
or agent (i.e. report revenues on a net basis). In 
doing so, the Company first evaluates whether 
the Company controls the good or service 
before it is transferred to the customer. If the 
Company controls the good or service before it 
is transferred to the customer, the Company is 
the principal; if not, the Company is the agent.
 Rev
enues in excess of invoicing are classified 
as contract assets (which we refer as unbilled 
revenue) while invoicing in excess of revenues 
are classified as contract liabilities (which we 
refer to as unearned revenues).
D. Interest Income
 Int
erest income is recognised using the
effective interest method.
(k) Leases
 The 
Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for of fice premises. The Company assesses 
whether a contract contains a lease, at inception
of a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if
the contract conveys the right to control the use of
an identified asset for a period of time in exchange
for consideration. To assess whether a contract
conveys the right to control the use of an identified
asset, the Company assesses whether: (1) the
contract involves the use of an identified asset, (2)
the Company has substantially all of the economic
benefits from use of the asset through the period of
the lease and (3) the Company has the right to direct 
the use of the asset. At the date of commencement 
of the lease, the Company recognizes a right-of-use
asset (“ROU”) and a corresponding lease liability for 
all lease arrangements in which it is a lessee, except 
for leases with a term of twelve months or less
(short-term leases) and low value leases. For these
short-term and low value leases, the Company
recognizes the lease payments as an operating 
expense on a straight-line basis over the term of 
the lease.
 The
 Company determines the lease term as the 
noncancellable period of a lease, together with 
periods covered by an option to extend the lease, 
where the Company is reasonably certain to exercise 
that option. The Company makes an assessment 
on the expected lease term on a lease-by-lease 
basis. In evaluating the lease term, the Company 
considers factors such as any significant leasehold 
improvements undertaken during the lease term, 
cost relating to the termination of the lease and 
location of the underlying assets and the availability 
of suitable alternatives. The lease term in future 
periods is reassessed to ensured that the lease term 
reflects the current economic circumstances.
 The R
OU assets are initially recognized at cost, 
which comprises the initial amount of the lease 
liability adjusted for any lease payments made 
at or prior to the commencement date of the 
lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease 
incentives. They are subsequently measured at 
cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment 
losses. ROU assets are depreciated from the 
commencement date on a straight-line basis over 
the shorter of the lease term and useful life of the 
underlying asset. The Company applies Ind AS 36 
to determine whether a ROU asset is impaired and 
accounts for the identified impairment loss, if any.
 The l
ease liability is initially measured at amortized 
cost at the present value of the future lease 
payments. The lease payments are discounted 
using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if 
not readily determinable, using the incremental 
borrowing rates in the country of domicile of these 
leases. Lease liabilities are remeasured with a 
corresponding adjustment to the related right of 
use asset if the Company changes its assessment 
if whether it will exercise an extension or a 
termination option.
 Lea
se liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Standalone balance sheet and 
lease payments have been classified as financing 
cash flows.
(l) Finance cost
 Fin
ance costs comprises of interest expenses
including interest on tax and other charges.
(m) Income tax
 Tax e
xpense comprises current and deferred tax.
Current tax and deferred tax expense is recognised 
in the statement of profit and loss and other
comprehensive income except to the extent that it
relates to items recognised directly in equity.
 Curr
ent income tax assets and liabilities are
measured at the amount expected to be recovered
from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax
rates and tax laws used to compute the amount
are those that are enacted or substantively enacted 
at the reporting date in the countries where the
Company operates and generates taxable income.
 Cur
rent income tax relating to items recognised
directly in equity is recognised in equity and not
in the statement of profit and loss. Management
periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax
returns with respect to situations in which applicable 
tax regulations are subject to interpretation and
establishes provisions where appropriate.
 Def
erred tax is provided using the liability method
on temporary differences between the tax bases of 
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for 
financial reporting purposes at the reporting date.
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are
expected to be applied to temporary differences
when they reverse, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date.
 Def
erred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable 
temporary differences, except:
•  Whe
n the deferred tax liability arises from the 
initial recognition of an asset or liability , at the 
time of the transaction, affects neither the
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss
•  In re
spect of taxable temporary differences
associated with investments in subsidiaries,
when the timing of the reversal of the
temporary differences can be controlled and
it is probable that the temporary differences 
will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
 A de
ferred tax asset is recognised for unused 
tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that 
future taxable profits will be available against 
which they can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are 
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that the 
related tax benefit will be realised.
 Def
erred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there 
is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax 
liabilities and assets, and they relate to taxes levied 
by the same tax authority on the same taxable 
entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend 
to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a 
net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be 
realised simultaneously.
(n) Determination of f
air values
 Fai
r value is the price that would be received to sell
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the
measurement date, regardless of whether that price 
is directly observable or estimated using another
valuation technique.
 In es
timating the fair value of an asset or a liability,
the Company considers the characteristics of the
asset or liability if market participants would take
those characteristics into account when pricing the 
asset or liability at the measurement date.
 For
 financial reporting purposes, fair value
measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2,
or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to
the fair value measurements are observable and
the significance of the inputs to the fair value
measurement in its entirety, which are described
as follows:
-  Lev
el 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities that the Standalone can access at
the measurement date.
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
252 253

===== PDF PAGE 146 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Standalone Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
-  Lev el 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted
prices included within Level 1, that are
observable for the asset or liability, either
directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived 
from prices), and
-  Lev
el 3 inputs for the asset or liability that are
not based on unobservable data (unobservable 
inputs).
 Whe
n measuring the fair value of an asset or a 
liability, the Company uses observable market data 
as far as possible. If the inputs used to measure 
the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into 
different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then 
the fair value measurement is categorized in its 
entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy 
as the lowest level input that is significant to the 
entire measurement.
(o) Contingent liability and A
sset
 A dis
closure for contingent liabilities is made
where there is a possible obligation that arises
from past events and whose existence will
be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future
events not wholly within the control of the entity.
A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises
from past events and whose existence will be
confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence
of one or more uncertain future events not wholly
within the control of the entity.
(p) Earnings per share
 Basi
c earnings per share is computed using
the weighted average number of equity shares
outstanding during the period adjusted for treasury 
shares held. Diluted earnings per share is computed 
using the weighted-average number of equity and
dilutive equivalent shares outstanding during the
period, using the treasury stock method for options 
and warrants, except where the results would be
anti-dilutive.
 Onc
e classified as held-for-distribution, intangible
assets, plant and equipment and investment
properties are no longer amortised or depreciated,
and any equity- accounted investee is no longer
equity accounted.
(q) Cash flow s tatement
 Cas
h flows are reported using the indirect method,
whereby profit for the period is adjusted for the
effects of transactions of a non-cash nature, any
deferrals or accruals of past or future operating
cash receipts or payments and item of income or
expenses associated with investing or financing
cash flows. The cash from operating, investing and
financing activities of the Company are segregated.
(r) Exceptional items
 The C
ompany considers exceptional items to be
those which derive from events or transactions
which are significant for separate disclosure by
virtue of their size or incidence in order for the user
to obtain a proper understanding of the Company's
financial performance. These items include, but are
not limited to, acquisition costs, restructuring costs 
and profits and losses on disposal of subsidiaries,
contingent consideration and other one off items
which meet this definition. To provide a better
understanding of the underlying results of the
period, exceptional items are reported separately
in the Standalone financial Statement of Profit
and Loss.
(s) Current v
ersus non-current classification
 The C
ompany presents assets and liabilities in
the balance sheet based on current/ non-current
classification. An asset is treated as current when
it is:
-  Exp
ected to be realized or intended to be sold
or consumed in normal operating cycle
-  Hel
d primarily for the purpose of trading
-  Exp
ected to be settled within twelve months
after the reporting period or
-  Cas
h or cash equivalents unless restricted
from being exchanged or used to settle a
liability for at least twelve months after the
reporting period.
 All o
ther assets are classified as non-current.
 A lia
bility is current when:
-  It i s expected to be settled in normal operating
cycle or due to be settled within twelve months 
after the reporting period
-  It is h
eld primarily for the purpose of trading
-  The
re is no unconditional right to defer the
settlement of the liability for at least twelve
months after the reporting period
 The 
Company classifies all other liabilities as non-
current.
 Def
erred tax assets and liabilities are classified as 
non-current assets and liabilities.
 The o
perating cycle is the time between the 
acquisition of assets for processing and their 
realization in cash and cash equivalents. The 
Company has identified period of twelve months 
as its operating cycle.
(v) Recent Accounting pronouncements
 Min
istry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new
standards or amendments to the existing standards
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards)
Rules as issued from time to time.
i.  New 
amendments adopted by the Company
effective from 1 April 2025:
 In Ma
y 2025, MCA notified amendments
to Ind AS 21 – The Effects of Changes in
Foreign Exchange Rates, applicable w.e.f 01
April 2025. The Company has reviewed the
amendment and based on the evaluation
it has determined that it does not have any
significant impact on the financial statements.
 In 
August 2025, MCA notified the following
amendments to:
a)  Ind 
AS 1 – Presentation of Financial
Statements, applicable w.e.f 01 April
2025. The amendment relates to clarify
the classification of liabilities as current
or non-current and the treatment of
non-current liabilities with covenants.
In classifying a liability as current, it
removes the requirement of existence
of a right to defer settlement for at least
12 months after the reporting date
and instead requires that the said right 
should exist on the reporting date and 
have substance. The amendment also 
introduces guidance on classification of 
liabilities with covenants. The Company 
based on the evaluation has determined 
that it does have any impact due to these 
amendments in classification criteria of 
current and non-current liabilities.
b)  Ind 
AS 7 - Statement of Cash Flows
and Ind AS 107 – Financial Instruments:
Disclosures, applicable w.e.f 01 April
2025. The amendment in Ind AS 7
requires to inform users of financial
statements of the existence of supplier
finance arrangements and explain the
nature of arrangements, the carrying
amount of liabilities and the range of
payment due dates. Ind AS 107 has
been amended to add supplier finance
arrangements as a factor that may
cause concentration of liquidity risk.
The Company based on the evaluation
has determined that these amendments
does not have any significant impact on
the financial statements.
c)  Ind 
AS 12 – Income Taxes, International
Tax Reform – Pillar two Model Rules
appliable immediately. The amendments
provide a temporary mandatory relief
from deferred tax accounting for top-up
tax disclose that they have applied for
relief. The Group based on the evaluation 
has determined that these amendments
does not have any significant impact on
the financial statements.
ii.  New 
amendments not yet adopted:
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies
new standards or amendments to the
existing standards under Companies (Indian
Accounting Standards) Rules as issued
from time to time. For the year ended 31
March 2026, MCA has not notified any new
standards or amendments to the existing
standards applicable to the Company which
are not yet adopted.
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
254 255

===== PDF PAGE 147 =====
4. Property, plant and equipment
Particulars Computer and 
accessories*
Office 
equipment
Furniture and 
fittings
Leasehold 
Improvements
Total
Gross carrying value
As at 01 April 2024 597 42 16 151 806
Additions 194 12 - 3 209
Disposals (121) (4) (2) (23) (150)
As at 31 March 2025 670 50 14 131 865
Additions 171 20 ^ 153 345
Disposals -^ - - - -^
As at 31 March 2026 841 70 14 284 1,209
Accumulated depreciation/ 
impairment:
As at 01 April 2024 474 23 9 92 598
Depreciation 102 7 3 19 131
Disposals (118) (4) (2) (25) (149)
As at 31 March 2025 458 26 10 86 580
Depreciation 126 10 2 38 176
Disposals -^ - - - -^
As at 31 March 2026 584 36 12 124 756
Carrying amounts (net)
As at 01 April 2024 123 19 7 59 208
As at 31 March 2025 212 24 4 45 285
As at 31 March 2026 257 34 2 160 453
*Computer and accessories also includes software purchase as a part of computers and laptops.
 Notes:
1.  Pro
perty, plant and equipment have been offered as security against the working capital facilities provided by the
bank. (refer note 35).
2.  The C
ompany had while transiting to Ind AS, applied the exemption to continue with the carrying value for all of its
property, plant and equipment at deemed cost.
4a. Capital work
-in-progress
 As o
f 31 March 2026, Capital work -in-progress is ₹118 (2025 : ₹36). There are no projects as on 31 March 2026 
where the project timelines are overdue or exceeded its cost compared to its original plan and where the ageing is 
more than 1 year from balance sheet date.
5. Investments
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Unquoted equity and preference instruments (measured at cost less 
impairment) of subsidiaries:
(i) Investment in equit
y shares (unquoted)(fully paid up)
ILSL Holdings, Inc
., USA 1,481 1,481
1,066,250 (2025: 1,066,250) equity shares of USD 0.0001 each
Indegene Ireland Limited
10,336 (2025: 7,666) equity shares of EUR 1 each 4,053 2,600
5,534 4,081
5,534 4,081
(ii) Investment in pr
eference shares (unquoted)(fully paid up)
ILSL Holdings, Inc
.,USA - 8% preference shares 632 632
1,356,851 (2025: 1,356,851) prefer
ence shares of USD 0.0001 each
632 632
6,166 4,713
Aggregate amount of quoted investments and market value thereof - -
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments 6,166 4,713
Aggregate amount of Impairment in value of investments - -
6. Investments
Particulars Number of units Carrying value
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2025
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2025
Current
Investment carried at fair value through profit or loss
Unquoted
Aditya Birla Sun Life Savings Fund Growth - 2,79,306 - 150
Aditya Birla Sun Life Money Manager Fund - Direct - 
Growth
1,57,001 1,57,001 62 58
Bandhan Ultra Short Term Fund - Direct- Growth 1,02,66,741 1,58,87,623 165 240
Bandhan Low Duration Fund 30,08,699 35,39,261 124 137
DSP Low Duration Fund -Direct Plan 26,81,163 35,06,486 57 70
Hdfc Money Market Fund - Direct- Growth 19,212 19,212 117 110
Hdfc Ultra Short Term Fund -Direct Plan - 46,50,873 - 70
Hsbc Ultra Short Duration Fund Direct - Growth 1,21,865 1,21,865 175 164
Hdfc Corporate Bond Fund Regular Plan Growth 1,72,73,804 1,04,79,303 576 334
Hdfc Corporate Bond Fund Direct Growth 73,79,195 - 253 -
Icici Prudential Money Market Fund Direct Growth 3,20,355 3,20,355 129 121
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
256 257

===== PDF PAGE 148 =====
Particulars Number of units Carrying value
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2025
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2025
Tata Treasury Advantage Fund - Direct plan 17,781 17,781 75 70
Tata Treasury Advantage Fund- Reg 19,676 - 81 -
SBI Magnum Ultra Short Duration Fund - 15,752 - 94
Icici Prudential Corporate Bond Fund Growth Direct 1,60,77,750 1,60,77,750 512 482
Aditya Birla Sun Life Corporate Bond Fund 67,86,565 61,41,997 790 682
Kotak Banking and PSU Debt Fund Regular 10,14,776 10,14,776 69 65
SBI Corporate Bond Fund Regular Plan Growth 84,92,083 84,92,083 138 131
Icici Prudential Savings Fund Growth - 4,80,660 - 256
Hdfc Low Duration fund - 27,91,286 - 171
Axis Crisil- IBX AAA NBFC Index Fund - Direct - Growth 2,03,47,765 1,49,79,627 225 156
DSP Banking & PSU Debt Fund Direct Growth 42,94,746 42,94,746 110 105
DSP Banking & PSU Debt Fund - Reg - Growth - 65,52,523 - 155
DSP Income Plus Arbitrage Omni FoF - Reg - Growth 57,11,781 - 125 -
ABSL Crisil-IBX AAA NBFC-HFC Index Fund - Reg - 
Growth
- 1,34,56,131 - 139
Kotak Corporate Bond Fund - Dir - Growth 40,361 40,361 165 155
Invesco India Corporate Bond Fund - Reg - Growth 50,068 40,361 164 156
Tata Corporate Bond Fund - Direct Growth 3,44,89,804 2,02,71,575 449 251
Axis Treasury Advantage Fund - Dir - Growth - 12,751 - 40
UTI Money Market Fund - Reg - Growth - 76,269 - 231
Hsbc Liquid Fund - Reg - Growth - 76,269 - 100
Axis Crisil - IBX AAA NBFC Index - Fund - Reg - Growth 2,24,64,792 31,12,164 250 140
ABSL Arbitrage Fund - Dir - Growth 33,85,254 - 102 -
Aditya Birla Sun Life Arbitrage Fund Growth 72,68,082 - 202 -
Axis Income Plus Arbitrage Active FOF - Dir - Growth 82,13,385 - 125 -
Axis Income Plus Arbitrage Active FOF Regular Plan 
Growth
47,15,188 - 71 -
BHARAT BOND ETF FOF - APRIL 1,41,41,468 - 183 -
HDFC Liquid Fund - Dir - Growth 21,348 - 115 -
HDFC Liquid Fund Reg - Growth 28,254 - 151 -
ICICI Pru Corporate Bond Fund - Reg - Growth 86,25,420 - 267 -
ICICI Pru Equity - Arbitrage Fund - Dir - Growth 18,91,485 - 73 -
Invesco India Arbitrage Fund - Dir - Growth 33,41,241 - 121 -
Invesco India Corporate Bond Fund -Dir- Growth 14,616 - 51 -
Kotak Income Plus Arbitrage Omni FOF Regular Plan 
Growth
1,95,80,037 - 250 -
Nippon India Liquid Fund - Dir - Growth 20,104 - 136 -
SBI Arbitrage Opportunities Fund - Reg - Growth 34,33,010 - 121 -
Particulars Number of units Carrying value
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2025
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2025
SBI Corporate Bond Fund Direct Growth 62,38,770 - 103 -
SBI Low Duration Fund Regular Plan Growth 16,685 - 61 -
UTI Arbitrage Fund - Reg - Growth 19,86,466 - 73 -
Total Mutual Funds 7,016 5,033
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments and 
aggregate market value thereof
7,016 5,033
Aggregate book value of unquoted investments 7,016 5,033
Aggregate book value of unquoted - -
Aggregate value of impairment - -
7.  Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
Information about leases for which the Company is a lessee is presented below:
Buildings Total
As at 01 April 2024 946 946
Additions 21 21
As at 31 March 2025 967 967
Additions 663 663
Deletions (313) (313)
As at 31 March 2026 1,317 1,317
Accumulated amortisation:
As at 01 April 2024 593 593
Amortisation 131 131
As at 31 March 2025 724 724
Amortisation 187 187
Deletions (267) (267)
As at 31 March 2026 644 644
Net book value
As at 01 April 2024 353 353
As at 31 March 2025 243 243
As at 31 March 2026 673 673
 Lea
se contracts entered into by the Company pertains to buildings taken on lease to conduct its business in the ordinary 
course. These arrangements generally range between 2 - 7 years, with an option to renew the lease after that date.
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
258 259

===== PDF PAGE 149 =====
 The movement in lease liabilities is as follows:
Particulars Year ended
31 March 2026
Year ended
31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year 272 380
Additions 640 23
Deletion (53) -
Accretion of interest 38 24
Payment of lease liabilities (199) (155)
Balance as at end of the year 698 272
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Current 218 137
Non-current 480 135
698 272
The d
etails of the contractual maturities of lease liabilities on an undiscounted basis are as follows:
Maturity analysis – contractual undiscounted cash flows As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Less than one year 264 151
One to five years 538 144
802 295
 The 
Company does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient 
to meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
 Dur
ing the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company incurred expenses amounting to ₹27 (2025 : ₹16) towards short-term 
leases and leases of low-value assets, for which the recognition exemption has been applied and these have therefore 
been charged to the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss.
The t
able below provides details regarding amounts recognized in the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss:
Particulars Year ended
31 March 2026
Year ended
31 March 2025
Amortisation on ROU 187 131
Interest on lease liabilities 38 24
225 155
8. Trade receivables
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Billed
Trade receivables* 2,836 4,114
Less: expected credit loss allowance (2) (9)
2,834 4,105
(Unsecured, unless otherwise stated)
a)
Trade r
eceivables considered good * 2,834 4,105
b) Trade r
eceivables which have significant increase in credit risk 2 9
Less: expected credit loss allo
wance (2) (9)
Trade receivables 2,834 4,105
Movement in expected credit loss allowance of trade receivables: As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Opening balance 9 6
Add: Provision/(reversal) of trade receivables - significant increase in credit risk (7) 3
Closing balance 2 9
*Includes receivables from subsidiaries ₹ 2,541 (2025: ₹ 3,719) (refer note 27).
Ageing for trade r eceivables  outstanding as at 31 March, 2026 is as follows:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Net trade 
receivablesNot due < 6  
months
6 months 
to 1 year
1 year to  
2 years
2 year to  
3 years
> 3
years
Expected 
credit loss 
allowance
i)  Undisputed trade receivable -
consider
ed good
2,787 47 - - - - - 2,834
ii)  Undisputed trade receivable
- which have significant
incr
ease in credit risk
- - - - - - - -
iii)  Undisputed trade receivable -
Cr
edit impaired
- ^ 1 - - - (1) -
iv)  Disputed trade receivable -
consider
ed good
- - - - - - - -
v)  Disputed trade receivable
- which have significant
incr
ease in credit risk
- - - - - - - -
vi)  Disputed trade receivable -
Cr
edit impaired
- - - - - - - -
Total 2,787 47 1 - - - (1) 2,834
Trade receivables - Unbilled 50
Trade receivables - Total 2,884
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
260 261

===== PDF PAGE 150 =====
Ageing for trade r eceivables  outstanding as at 31 March, 2025 is as follows:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Net trade 
receivablesNot due < 6 
months
6 months 
to 1 year
1 year to 
2 years
2 year to 
3 years
> 3 years Expected 
credit loss 
allowance
i)  Undisputed trade receiv
able - 
considered good
868 3,236 1 - - - - 4,105
ii)  Undisputed trade receiv
able - 
which have significant increase in 
credit risk
- - - - - - - -
iii)  Undisputed trade receiv
able - 
Credit impaired
- 3 2 4 - - (9) -
iv)  Disputed trade receiv
able - 
considered good
- - - - - - - -
v)  Disputed trade receiv
able - which 
have significant increase in credit 
risk
- - - - - - - -
vi) 
 Disputed trade receiv
able - Credit 
impaired
- - - - - - - -
Total 868 3,239 3 4 - - (9) 4,105
Trade receivables - Unbilled 79
Trade receivables - Total 4,184
 Trade receivables have been offered as security against the working capital facilities provided by the banks (refer note 35).
9. Loan
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Unsecured, considered good* (refer note 27) 3,550 3,635
Unsecured, credit impaired* 3 7
Less: Loss allowance (3) (7)
3,550 3,635
Current
Unsecured, considered good* (refer note 27) 443 408
443 408
 *Loan given to related party ILSL Holdings Inc carries interest @ 90 days average SOFR (Secured overnight financing rate) + 4% and
th
e tenure of the loan is 5 years ending 15 June 2029.
 The l
oans has been given to repay the existing term loan of the subsidiary as per the object of the IPO offer and during the year received 
₹395 towards repayment of loan (refer note 27).
 *Lo
an given to related party Indegene Lifesystems Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd carries interest @ 8% per annum (compounded annually)
and during the year received ₹6 towards repayment of loan (refer note 27).
10. Other financial assets
(unsecured considered good, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Security deposits 168 83
Bank deposits with original maturity of more than twelve months 525 -
693 83
Current
Security deposits - ^
Advance to employees 3 5
Interest earned but not due 121 170
Receivable from related parties (refer note 27) 167 148
291 323
984 406
11. Other assets
(unsecured considered good, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Prepaid expenses 7 4
7 4
Current
Prepaid expenses 501 301
Advance to vendors 50 68
Balance with government authorities 268 227
819 596
826 600
12. Cash and cash equivalents
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Balances with banks
- In current accounts 170 352
- Cash in hand - ^
- In deposit accounts with original maturity less than 3 months 315 -
485 352
Other Bank balances
Bank deposits with original maturity of more than three months but less 
than twelve months *
811 1,284
811 1,284
1,296 1,636
 *The bank deposits includes an amount of ₹50 (2025: Nil) held as lien against facilities from banks and ₹165 (2025: ₹154) given to a
ba
nk against bank guarantee issued to National Stock Exchange towards IPO.
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
262 263

===== PDF PAGE 151 =====
13. Share capital and other equity
13(a). Share capital
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Authorised
400,000,000 (2025: 400,000,000) equity shares of ₹ 2 each 800 800
800 800
Issued, subscribed and fully paid up
240,528,646 (2025: 239,635,254) equity shares of ₹ 2 each 481 479
481 479
A) Equity shares
a) Rights, pre
ferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
 As pe
r the memorandum of association, the Company’s authorized share capital consist of equity shares. All equity
shares rank equally with regard to dividends and share in the Company’s residual assets. The equity shares are
entitled to receive dividend as declared from time to time. Shareholders are entitled to one vote per equity share held 
in the Company.
 On w
inding up of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive the residual assets of the
Company, remaining after distribution of all preferential amounts in proportion to the number of equity shares held.
b) Reconciliation of the number of equit
y shares outstanding at the beginning and end of the year:
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Number of 
shares
Amount Number of 
shares
Amount
Shares outstanding at the beginning of the 
year
23,96,35,254 479 22,20,62,383 444
Shares issued during the year by way of Initial 
Public Offer (refer note 32)
- - 1,68,33,818 34
Shares issued during the year 8,93,392 2 7,39,053 1
Shares outstanding at the end of the year 24,05,28,646 481 23,96,35,254 479
B) Details of shar
eholders having more than 5% equity interest in the Company
Name of shareholder As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Number of 
shares
% holding Number of 
shares
% holding
Equity shares
Nadathur Fareast Pte. Ltd 5,27,00,256 21.88% 5,27,00,256 21.96%
CA Dawn Investments - - 2,44,75,402 10.20%
Mr.Manish Gupta 2,14,74,076 8.91% 2,14,74,076 8.95%
Dr.Rajesh B.Nair 1,72,01,536 7.14% 1,71,92,386 7.16%
BPC Genesis Fund I SPV, Ltd. 1,38,62,223 5.75% 1,50,60,223 6.27%
Sanjay S Parikh 1,20,08,172 4.98% 1,20,08,172 5.00%
BPC Genesis Fund I-A SPV, Ltd. 71,90,255 2.98% 78,11,651 3.25%
C) Shareholding of P
romoters : NIL
D)  Bonus shares, shar
es buyback and issue of shares for consideration other than in cash during five years immediately 
preceding 31 March 2026.
 Dur
ing the five years immediately preceding 31 March 2026, neither any shares have been bought back nor any
shares have been issued for consideration other than cash. Pursuant to resolution passed by the shareholders of the
Company on 06 July 2022 the Company has allotted  by way of bonus issue to its shareholders shares in the ratio of
1:125 on 06 July 2022.
E) Employee shar
e-based compensation
 Emp
loyees covered under Indegene Limited Company Share Option CSOP 2022 (“CSOP Sub-Plan”), Employee Stock 
Option Plan 2020 (“ESOP 2020”), Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2020’ (“RSU 2020”), Employee Stock Option 
Scheme Plan 2007 (“ESOP 2007”), Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan, 2015 (“RSU 2015”) (collectively “stock
option plans”) are granted an option to purchase shares of the Company at the respective exercise prices, subject to
requirements of vesting conditions. These options generally vest in tranches over a period of three to five years from
the date of grant. Upon vesting, the employees can acquire one equity share for every option.
 The s
tock compensation cost is computed under the Fair value method and amortized on accelerated vesting period. 
The intrinsic value on the date of grant approximates the fair value. For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company 
has recorded stock compensation expense of ₹84 (2025 : ₹74).
 The c
ompensation committee of the board evaluates the performance and other criteria of employees and approves the 
grant of options. These options vest with employees over a specified period subject to fulfillment of certain conditions. 
Upon vesting, employees are eligible to apply and secure allotment of Company’s shares at a price determined on the 
date of grant of options. The particulars of options granted under various plans are tabulated below.
 In 2
020, the Company established a controlled trust called the Indegene Employee Welfare Trust (“IEWT”). IEWT
purchases shares of the Company from the existing shareholders, out of funds borrowed from the Company. The
Company’s equity shares held by the controlled trust, which is consolidated as a part of the Group are classified as
Treasury shares. The Company has 2,958 treasury shares (excluding bonus shares of 369,750) as of 31 March 2026
and 31 March 2025.Treasury shares are recorded at acquisition cost.
 A sum
mary of the general terms of grants under stock option plans and restricted stock unit option plans are as follows:
Name of the plan Authorised shares Range of exercise price
Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2020 (RSU 2020)(1) 58,49,250 ₹ 2
Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP 2020)(2) 60,14,543 FMV as on date of grant
 (1)Pursuant to a resolution passed by Shareholders dated 28 November 2022, Board have been authorised to grant RSU 2020 up 
to 5,849,250 respectively. Out of the total available Options as stated above, 613,772 Options is Granted during the year.
 (2)Pursuant to a resolution passed by Shareholders dated 28 November 2022, Board have been authorised to grant ESOP 2020 up
to 6,014,543 respectively. Out of the total available Options as stated above, 369,535 Options is Granted during the year.
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
264 265

===== PDF PAGE 152 =====
 The following is the summar y of the movement in Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2020 (RSU 2020) during 
the year:
 The 
Company instituted the employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2020’ (“RSU 2020”) on 13 November 2020 which 
was amended on 28 November 2022, which provides for the issue of maximum 5,849,250 equity shares to employees 
at an exercise price of ₹2 per share plus tax.
Particulars Year ended 31 March 2026 Year ended 31 March 2025
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Options outstanding at the beginning of the 
year
16,52,492 2.00 17,69,339 2.00
Options granted during the year(RSU) 6,13,772 2.00 5,21,330 2.00
Options exercised during the year (6,70,418) 2.00 (5,27,331) 2.00
Options forfeited during the year (1,85,018) 2.00 (1,10,846) 2.00
Options outstanding at the end of year 14,10,828 2.00 16,52,492 2.00
Options exercisable 37,430 2.00 18,900 2.00
The following is the summar
y of the movement in Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP 2020) during the year:
 The 
Company instituted the Employee Stock Option Plan 2020’ (“ESOP 2020”) plan on 13 November 2020 which was 
amended on 28 November 2022 which provides for the issue of maximum 6,014,543 equity shares to employees at 
an exercise price equivalent to the fair market value of the shares of the Group as on date of the grant of the options 
plus tax.
Particulars Year ended 31 March 2026 Year ended 31 March 2025
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Options outstanding at the beginning of the 
year
15,10,955 362.53 16,38,046 161.02
Options granted during the year(ESOP) 3,18,251 573.00 2,43,973 316.19
Options exercised during the year (2,15,192) 257.56 (2,11,722) 175.71
Options forfeited during the year (2,75,892) 452.85 (1,59,342) 145.58
Options outstanding at the end of year 13,38,122 410.84 15,10,955 166.15
Options exercisable 5,69,972 314.03 5,96,734 166.15
The following is the summar
y of the movement in Company Share Option Plan 2022 (CSOP 2022) during the year:
 The
 Company instituted the Indegene Limited Company Share Option CSOP 2022’ (“CSOP Sub-Plan”) as a part of 
the Employee Stock Option Plan 2020’ (“ESOP 2020”) plan on 28 November 2022, which provides for the issue of 
equity shares to employees at an exercise price equivalent to the fair market value of the shares of the Company as 
on date of the grant of the options plus tax. The maximum number of Options available for Grant under the CSOP 
Sub-Plan shall be within the limit as prescribed under the ESOP 2020.
Particulars Year ended 31 March 2026 Year ended 31 March 2025
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Options outstanding at the beginning of the 
year
1,04,263 456.34 83,436 156.71
Options granted during the year 56,462 573.00 39,571 316.19
Options exercised during the year (7,782) 350.57 - -
Options forfeited during the year (32,431) 468.56 (18,744) 236.45
Options outstanding at the end of year 1,20,512 514.53 1,04,263 156.71
Options exercisable 27,576 424.59 18,470 156.71
 Dur
ing the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the weighted average grant date fair value under the RSU 
2020 was ₹573 and ₹657.30 respectively.
 Dur
ing the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the weighted average grant date fair value under the 
ESOP 2020 was ₹272.49 and ₹316.19 respectively.
 Dur
ing the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the weighted average grant date fair value under the 
CSOP 2022 was ₹272.49 and ₹316.19 respectively.
 Eff
ective from 2014, Indegene allocates the subsidiaries for the employee stock option plan cost pertaining to the 
employees of the subsidiaries.
Inf
ormation on outstanding options is set out below.
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Options outstanding at the end of the year
Number of options outstanding  28,69,462  32,67,710 
Weighted average remaining contractual life in years  2.19  1.61 
Weighted average remaining contractual life in years (ESOP 2020 and 
CSOP 2022)
 9.80  10.64 
Weighted average exercise price (in ₹)  ₹ 2.00 - ₹573  ₹ 2.00 - ₹316.19 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
266 267

===== PDF PAGE 153 =====
 The f ollowing tables list the inputs to the models used for ESOP plans for the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 
March 2025 respectively:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Options outstanding at the end of the year
Dividend yield (%) 0.00% 0.00%
Expected volatility (%) 35.89% 35.55%
Risk–free interest rate (%) 6.21% 6.74%
Model used Black Scholes 
Option Pricing
Black Scholes 
Option Pricing
 The e
xpected life of the share options is based on historical data and current expectations and is not necessarily 
indicative of exercise patterns that may occur. The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical 
volatility over a period similar to the life of the options is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily 
be the actual outcome.
 The
re are no non market performance conditions existing as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025.
13(b). Other equity
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Reserves and surplus
Securities premium reserve 10,136 9,929
Share based payment reserve 459 353
Retained earnings 9,786 8,115
Share application money pending allotment 3 9
Cash flow hedge (59) -
Foreign currency translation reserve - (3)
20,324 18,403
Ref
er : Standalone statement of changes in equity for detailed movement in other equity.
Nature and purpose of o
ther equity
Securities premium reser
ve
 Sec
urities premium reserve is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve is utilised only for limited purposes 
such as issuance of bonus shares in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Share based payment reser
ve
 Sha
re based payment reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value of options issued to employees under various 
ESOP and RSU plans.
Foreign curr
ency translation reserve
 Exc
hange differences arising on translation of the foreign operations are recognised in other comprehensive income as 
described in accounting policy and accumulated in a separate reserve within equity. The cumulative amount is reclassified 
to statement of profit and loss when the net investment is disposed off.
 Retained 
earnings
 Ret
ained earnings are the profits/(loss) that the Company has earned/incurred till date, less any transfers to general reserve, 
dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders. Retained earnings includes re-measurement loss / (gain) on defined 
benefit plans, net of taxes that will not be reclassified to Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss. Retained earnings is 
a free reserve available to the Company and eligible for distribution to shareholders, in case where it is having positive 
balance representing net earnings till date.
 Share application money pending allo
tment
 The C
ompany has received the money towards exercise of ESOP options in the month of March 2026 and the allotment 
is done against the same on 29 April 2026, upon which the Company has issued 23,752 equity shares. As at 31 March 
2026 these shares were shown as shares pending issuance in these Standalone financial statements.
14. Other financial liabilities
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Derivative liability 139 -
139 -
Current
Derivative liability 526 37
Accrued compensation to employees 414 447
Capital Creditors
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises ('MSME')* 64 16
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
- 62
Intercompany payable (refer note 27) 62 125
Others 12 13
1,078 700
 * The amount outstanding relates to accrued expenses towards capital expenditure ₹52 (2025: ₹16).
15. Provisions
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Provision for employee benefits:
Provision for gratuity (refer note 24) 657 585
657 585
Current
Provision for employee benefits:
Provision for gratuity (refer note 24) 49 26
Provision for employee compensated absences 485 443
534 469
1,191 1,054
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
268 269

===== PDF PAGE 154 =====
16. Other current liabilities
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Unearned revenue 93 64
Advance from customers 2 3
Statutory liabilities 177 163
272 230
17. Trade payables
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises ('MSME') 
(refer note 17a)
26 17
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
300 331
326 348
Age
ing for trade payables outstanding as at 31 March, 2026 is as follows:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Not due Less than 
1 year
1-2
Years
2-3
years
More than 
3 years
Outstanding dues of micro and 
small enterprises
26 - - - - 26
Outstanding dues of creditors 
other than micro and small 
enterprises
76 8
^ - - 84
Disputed dues of micro and small 
enterprises
- - - - - -
Disputed dues of creditors other 
than micro and small enterprises
- - - - - -
Total 102 8
^ - - 110
Accrued expenses 216
326
Age
ing for trade payables outstanding as at 31 March, 2025 is as follows:
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment Total
Not due Less than 
1 year
1-2
Years
2-3
years
More than 
3 years
Outstanding dues of micro and 
small enterprises
17 - - - - 17
Outstanding dues of creditors 
other than micro and small 
enterprises
32 13 - - - 45
Disputed dues of micro and small 
enterprises
- - - - - -
Disputed dues of creditors other 
than micro and small enterprises
- - - - - -
Total 49 13 - - - 62
Accrued expenses 286
348
17a. Details of dues to micro and small enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006
 The d
isclosure pursuant to the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (“MSMED Act, 2006”) as at 
31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, has been made in the financial statements based on information received and available 
with the Company.
Particulars 31 March 2026 31 March 2025
The principal amount and the interest due thereon (to be shown separately) 
remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of each accounting period;
- -
- Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier
* 38 17
- Interest due ther
eon remaining unpaid to any supplier - -
The amount of interest paid by the buyer as per the MSMED Act, 2006 
along with the amounts of the payments made to micro and small suppliers 
beyond the appointed day during each accounting year
1 1
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making 
payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the 
year) but without adding the interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006
- -
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each 
accounting year
^ ^
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the 
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are 
actually paid to the small enterprise for the purposes of disallowance as a 
deductibles expenditure under the MSMED Act, 2006.
^ ^
* Includes ₹12 (2025: ₹ NIL) for purchase of property, plant and equipment.
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
270 271

===== PDF PAGE 155 =====
18. Revenue from operations
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Revenue from rendering of services* 12,206 10,936
12,206 10,936
* Includes revenue from related parties ₹ 10,595 (31 March 2025 : ₹ 9,201).
 The below table represents disaggregated services revenue from contract with customers by contract type and customer 
ge
ographies for each segment for the years ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025.
Year ended 31 March 2026 North America* Europe India Rest of the world Total
Fixed price and volume based 101 1,259 159 77 1,596
Time and Material 10,494 78 - 38 10,610
10,595 1,337 159 115 12,206
Year ended 31 March 2025 North America* Europe India Rest of the world Total
Fixed price and volume based 112 1,306 193 104 1,715
Time and Material 9,090 86 - 45 9,221
9,202 1,392 193 149 10,936
*Includes revenues from United States of America ₹10,592 (2025: ₹ 9,202)
 During the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, ₹79 and ₹84 of unbilled revenue pertaining to fixed price and 
fix
ed time frame contracts as of 01 April 2025 and 1 April 2024, respectively has been reclassified to Trade receivables 
upon billing to customers on completion of milestones.
 Dur
ing the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the Company recognized revenue of ₹55 and ₹67 arising from 
opening unearned revenue as of 1 April 2025 and 1 April 2024, respectively
18A. Other income
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Interest income on:
- Bank deposits 75 167
- Other financial assets measured at amortized cost 369 297
Exchange gain on foreign exchange fluctuation (net) 22 98
Net gain on disposal / fair valuation of investments carried through profit or 
loss*
300 292
Reversals for diminution in value of loans 3 5
Net gain on sale of investments in subsidiaries - 36
Gain on lease termination 9 -
Miscellaneous income 5 9
783 904
*Includes profit on sale of mutual fund amounting to ₹134 (2025: ₹163)
19. Employee benefits
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Salaries and bonus 7,162 6,827
Contribution to provident fund and other funds (refer note 24) 371 345
Gratuity and other defined plans 232 250
Staff welfare expenses 103 96
Equity settled share-based payments 84 74
7,952 7,592
20. Finance costs
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Interest expense on others 42 34
Interest expense on lease liabilities (refer to note 7) 38 24
Other finance cost 7 4
87 62
20A. Depreciation and amortisation expense
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment (refer note 4) 176 131
Amortization of right-of-use assets (refer to note 7) 187 131
363 262
21. Other expenses
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Sub-contracting and technical fees 472 329
Travelling and conveyance 233 234
Rent 27 16
Repairs and maintenance
Computer consumables 431 397
Office maintenance 55 52
 Others 14 10
Legal and pr
ofessional fee (refer note (21A) below) 192 169
Recruitment charges 32 16
Communication charges 12 10
Subscription and periodicals 216 166
Insurance 10 16
Provision/(reversal) for doubtful debts and advance (7) 3
Rates and taxes (10) 38
Corporate social responsibility expenses (refer note 29) 36 32
Miscellaneous 60 51
1,773 1,539
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
272 273

===== PDF PAGE 156 =====
21A. Payment to auditors (excluding goods and services tax)
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
As auditor:
Statutory audit 17 12
Attestation services 1 ^
Other services 2 1
Reimbursement of expenses 1 -
21 13
22.  Financial instruments
 Fair Value Measurements
  Se
t out below, is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the financial instruments of the Group, 
other than those with carrying amounts that are reasonable approximations of fair values:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Financial assets
FVTPL
Derivative financial assets - -
Investments 7,016 5,033
7,016 5,033
Amortised cost
Trade receivables and unbilled receivables 2,884 4,184
Cash and cash equivalents 485 352
Bank balances other than above 811 1,284
Security deposits 168 83
Loan 3,993 4,043
Other financial assets 816 323
9,157 10,269
Total financial assets 16,173 15,302
Financial liabilities
FVTPL
Derivative financial liabilities 586 37
586 37
FVTOCI
Derivative financial liabilities 79 -
79 -
Amortised cost
FVTPL
Lease liabilities 697 272
Trade payables 326 348
Other financial liabilities 553 663
1,576 1,283
Total financial liabilities 2,241 1,320
 No
tes:
  Th
e fair value of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, unbilled receivables, trade payables, other current financial 
assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amount largely due to the short-term nature of these instruments.
  Th
e fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined based on observable market inputs including currency spot 
and forward rates, yield curves, currency volatility etc.
  Fa
ir value hierarchy
  Th
e table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have been 
defined as follows:
  Le
vel 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
  Le
vel 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
  Le
vel 3 – Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
  Th
ere were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 during the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025.
  Th e carrying values of financial instruments such as short-term trade receivables and payables, reasonably approximates 
to fair value and hence separate disclosure of the fair values are not made.
 As at 31 Mar
ch 2026
Particulars Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Investments (other than in subsidiary) 7,016 - - 7,016
Liabilities
Derivative instruments
Cashflow hedges - 79 - 79
Others - 586 - 586
 As at 31 Mar
ch 2025
Particulars Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Investments (other than in subsidiary) 5,033 - - 5,033
Liabilities
Derivative instruments
Cashflow hedges - - - -
others - 37 - 37
  Th
e Company enters into derivative financial instruments with various counter-parties, primarily banks with investment 
grade credit ratings. Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs are mainly interest rate 
swaps and foreign exchange forward contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing, 
swap models and Black Scholes models (for option valuation), using present value calculations. The models incorporate 
various inputs including the credit quality of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates, interest rate curves 
and forward rate curves of the underlying. As at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the changes in counterparty credit 
risk had no material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in hedge relationships and 
other financial instruments recognized at fair value.
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
274 275

===== PDF PAGE 157 =====
22(a). Financial risk management
 The 
Company has exposure to the credit, liquidity and market risks from its use of financial instruments. This note presents 
information about the Company’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Company’s objectives, policies and processes 
for measuring and managing risk, and the Company’s management of capital. Further quantitative disclosures are included 
in these standalone financial statements.
Risk management framew
ork
 The B
oard of Directors have the overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s risk 
management framework. The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced 
by the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management 
policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. The 
Company through its training and management standards and procedures aims to develop a disciplined and constructive 
control environment in which all employees understand their rules and obligations.
Derivative asse
ts and liabilities:
 The f
ollowing table presents the aggregated contracted principal amounts of the Company’s outstanding derivative 
contracts, which have been designated as cash flow hedges:
Particulars Foreign 
currency
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
No of 
contracts
Notional 
amount of 
contracts 
(In'USD' 
million)
Fair 
value 
(‘INR’ 
million)
No of 
contracts
Notional 
amount of 
contracts 
(In'USD' 
million)
Fair 
value 
(‘INR’ 
million)
Designated derivative 
instruments
Forward Contracts US Dollar 19 33 3,199 - - -
Range Forward options 
contract
US Dollar - - - - - -
Non-designated derivative 
instruments
Forward Contracts US Dollar 69 100 9,568 79 102 8,860
Range Forward options 
contract
US Dollar 4 8 763 7 14 1,208
The m
ovement in cash flow hedging reserve for derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is as follows:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year - -
Hedge gain/(loss) recognized in OCI (79) -
Amount reclassified from OCI to statement of profit and loss - -
Gain/(loss) on cash flow hedging derivatives, net (79) -
Balance as at the end of the year (79) -
Deferred tax effect thereon 20 -
Balance as at the end of the year, net of taxes (59) -
 The 
related hedge transactions for balance in cash flow hedging reserves as at 31 March 2026. are expected to occur and 
be reclassified to the statement of profit and loss over a period of 12 months.
 As at 3
1 March 2026 there were no gains or losses on derivative transactions or portions thereof that have ineffective as 
hedges or associated with an underlying exposure that did not occur.
 The C
ompany has entered into derivative instruments not in hedging relationship by way of foreign exchange forward and 
currency options. As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, the notional amount of outstanding contracts aggregated to USD 108 
and USD 116 respectively, and the respective fair value of these contracts have a net loss of ₹586 and ₹37.
(i) Credit risk
 Cre
dit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to
meet its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Company’s receivables from customers. The carrying
amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. Refer Note 8 for movement in expected credit
loss allowance.
(a) Trade 
receivables
 The 
Company’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer.
The majority of the revenue of the Company is derived from customers located in North America, European
Union & Asia region. The Company derives significant portion of its revenue from a limited number of customers. 
The following table gives details in respect of percentage of revenue generated from top customer and top ten
customers excluding related party.
Revenue from top 
customer (excluding 
related parties)
% Revenue from top ten 
customer (excluding 
related parties)
%
As at 31 March 2026  476 29.57  1,516 94.07
As at 31 March 2025  649 37.42  1,612 92.91
 The C
ompany has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analysed individually for 
credit worthiness before the Company’s standard payment and deliver terms and conditions are offered. The 
Company’s review includes external ratings, when available, and in some cases bank references. The Company 
analyses trade receivables periodically and allowances for doubtful receivables are created on a customer specific 
basis if required.
Financial assets that are neither pas
t due nor impaired
 Cas
h and cash equivalents are neither past due nor impaired. Cash and cash equivalents with banks which have 
high credit-ratings assigned by domestic credit-rating agencies. Of the total trade receivables ₹ 2,787 and ₹ 
868 as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 respectively were neither past due nor impaired.
 Financial assets that are pas
t due but not impaired
 The C
ompany’s credit period is generally 75 to 90 days. The ageing analysis of the trade receivables has been 
considered from the date the invoice falls due. The age wise break up of receivables, net of allowances that are 
past due, is given below:
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement276 277

===== PDF PAGE 158 =====
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired 2,787 868
Financial assets that are past due but not impaired
Past due 0-30 days 39 898
Past due 31-90 days 8 835
Past due 91-365 days ^ 1504
More than 1 year - ^
2,834 4,105
  
  Th
e Company believes that the unimpaired amount that are past due are still collectible in full, based on historic 
payment behaviour and extensive analysis of customer credit risk, including underlying customer’s credit ratings.
 (ii)  Liquidity risk
  
 Li
quidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting its financial obligations as they fall due. 
The Company’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient 
liquidity to meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable 
losses or risking damage to the Company’s reputation.
  
 Ma
nagement monitors the Company’s net liquidity position through rolling forecasts on the basis of expected cash 
flows. As of 31 March 2026, cash and cash equivalents are held with major banks and financial institutions.
  
 Th
e table below provides details regarding the remaining contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities, 
including the estimated interest payments, at the reporting date.
  As at 31 Mar
ch 2026
Contractual cash flows Carrying 
value
6 months  
or less
6 months  
to 1 year
More than 
one year
Total
Trade payables 326 326 - - 326
Lease liabilities 698 131 133 538 802
Other financial liabilities 1,078 939 - 139 1,078
  As at 31 Mar
ch 2025
Contractual cash flows Carrying 
value
6 months or 
less
6 months  
to 1 year
More than 
one year
Total
Trade payables 348 348 - - 348
Lease liabilities 272 76 75 144 295
Other financial liabilities 700 700 - - 700
  
 Ex
cept for these financial liabilities, it is not expected that the cash flows included in the maturity analysis could occur 
significantly earlier, or at significantly different amounts.
 (iii)  Marke
t risk
  
 Ma
rket risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes 
in market prices. Market risk comprises interest rate risk and currency risk financial instruments affected by market 
risk include trade receivables, trade payables and borrowings. The objective of market risk management is to manage 
and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters while optimizing the return.
  (a)  For
eign currency risk
  
  Th
e Company operates internationally and a major portion of its business is transacted in several currencies. 
Consequently, the Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk through receiving payment for sales and services 
in the India and elsewhere, and making purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The 
exchange rate risk primarily arises from foreign exchange revenue, receivables, cash balances, forecasted cash 
flows and payables. A significant portion of the Company’s revenue is in the U.S. Dollar and the Euro, while a large 
portion of costs are in Indian rupees. The exchange rate between the rupee and these currencies has fluctuated 
significantly in recent years and may continue to fluctuate in the future. Appreciation of the rupee against these 
currencies can adversely affect the Company’s results of operations.
  
  Th
e Company evaluates exchange rate exposure arising from these transactions and enters into foreign currency 
derivative instruments to mitigate such exposure. The Company follows established risk management policies, 
including the use of derivatives like foreign exchange forward/option contracts to hedge forecasted cash flows 
denominated in foreign currency.
  
  Th
e below table presents foreign currency risk from non-derivative financial instruments as of 31 March 2026 
and 31 March 2025 :
  
 As at 31 Mar
ch 2026
Particulars USD EURO Others*
Trade payables 41 1 7
Trade receivables 2,648 99 37
Cash and Bank balances 42 43 21
Other financial liabilities 2 2 58
Other financial assets 4,125 3 130
6,858 148 253
  
 As at 31 Mar
ch 2025
Particulars USD EURO Others*
Trade payables 19 3 3
Trade receivables 3,882 110 80
Cash and Bank balances 13 22 104
Other financial liabilities 33 5 124
Other financial assets 4,237 4 124
8,184 144 435
    Ot hers* includes GBP, CAD, CHF, JPY, TWD, SGD, RMB  
    As at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, respectively, every 1% increase/decrease of the USD and EURO 
currencies compared to functional currency of the Company would impact results by approximately ₹6 and 
₹9 respectively.
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
278 279

===== PDF PAGE 159 =====
(b) Interest r ate risk
 Int
erest rate risk primarily arises from floating rate borrowing, including various revolving and other lines of credit
upon utilisation. Certain borrowings are also transacted at fixed interest rates.
23. Capital management
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, share premium and all
ot
her equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the company. The primary objective of the Company’s capital
management is to maximise the shareholder value.
 The C
ompany manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions. The
capital is managed to ensure that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern while maximising the return to
stakeholders through an optimum mix of debt and equity within the overall capital structure.
 In or
der to achieve this overall objective, the Company capital management amongst other things, aims to maintain investor, 
creditor and market confidence and to sustain future development of the business.
24. Employee benefits :
The Company has classified various benefits provided to employees as under :
Defined contribution plans
 The 
Company makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect of qualifying
employees towards provident fund, employee state insurance and labour welfare fund which is a defined contribution
plan. The Company has no obligations other than to make the specified contributions. The contributions are charged to the
Standalone Statement of profit and loss. The amount recognised as an expense towards contribution to provident fund,
ESI and labour welfare fund are as follows:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Provident fund 370 345
Labour Welfare Fund ^ ^
ESI contribution ^ ^
370 345
Defined benefit plan
 The 
Company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan (“the Gratuity Plan”) covering eligible employees. 
The Gratuity Plan provides a lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination 
of employment, of an amount based on the respective employee’s salary and the tenure of employment with the company. 
Under the Company’s gratuity scheme every employee who has completed 5 years or more of service, is eligible for gratuity 
on separation, worked out at 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for each completed year of service. There is no defined 
benefit plan applicable to the employees of the foreign subsidiary.
 The 
present value of the obligation under such defined benefit plan is determined based on an actuarial valuation as at the 
reporting date using the projected unit credit method. The Company recognizes the net obligation of a defined benefit plan 
in its Balance Sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and losses through re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability 
/ (asset) are recognized in other comprehensive income and are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
 The following table se
ts out the status of the Gratuity Plan as required under Ind AS 19 - Employee Benefits and 
amounts recognised in the Standalone Financial Information:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
i.  Reconciliation of opening and closing balances of the pr
esent value
of the defined benefit obligation
 Balance at the beginning of the year 611 472
Current ser
vice cost 136 117
Interest cos
t on obligation 42 34
Benefits paid (51) (33)
Past ser
vice cost ^ -
 Remeasurement loss /(gains) r
ecognized in Other Comprehensive 
Income
- from changes in financial assumptions (48) 30
- from changes in demographic assumptions (1) 3
- from experience adjus
tments 8 (12)
Defined benefit obligation at the end of the year 697 611
Not
e:
 Pro
fit/(Loss) of ₹41 and ₹(21) on re-measurement of defined employee benefit plans (net of tax) is recognised as part of 
retained earnings for the years ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, respectively.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
ii.  Reconciliation of present v
alue of the obligation and the fair value of
the plan assets:
Fair value of plan asse
ts at the end of the year - -
Present v
alue of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year 706 611
Liability recogniz
ed in balance sheet 706 611
 Curr
ent 49 26
Non-current 657 585
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
iii.  Amount recognized in the S
tatement of Profit and Loss in respect of
defined benefit plans:
Current ser
vice cost 136 117
Past ser
vice cost ^ -
Net Interes
t cost on defined benefit obligation 42 34
Tot
al expenses included in employee benefits 178 151
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
280 281

===== PDF PAGE 160 =====
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
iv.  Amount recognized in the Other C
omprehensive Income in respect of
defined benefit plans:
 Remeasurement loss /(gains) r
ecognized in Other Comprehensive 
Income
- from changes in financial assumptions (48) 30
- from changes in demographic assumptions (1) 3
- from experience adjus
tments 8 (12)
(41) 21
The p
rincipal assumptions used in determining benefit obligation are as shown below :
v. Actuarial assumptions:
(i) Economic assumptions
 The 
significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation are the discount rate, the
salary growth rate and the average life expectancy. The assumptions used for the valuation of the defined benefit
obligation are as follows:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Discount rate (per annum) 7.25% 6.70%
Salary growth rate (per annum) 7.00% 7.00%
Expected average remaining working lives (years) 27.22 27.46
(ii) Demographic assumptions
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Retirement age (years) 60.00 60.00
Mortality rate 100% of IALM 
2012-14
100% of IALM 
2012-14
Attrition rate (per annum) 12.50% 12.50%
Upto 30 years 12.00% 12.00%
From 31 to 44 years 13.00% 13.00%
Above 44 years 1.00% 1.00%
 The 
defined benefit plan exposes the Company to actuarial risks, such as longevity, salary inflation risk, demographic 
risk and interest rate risk.
vi.  Sensitivity for significant ac
tuarial assumptions is computed to show the movement in defined benefit obligation 
by 1 percentage.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Projected benefit obligation on Current assumption 697 611
Impact of change in discount rate by +1% (78) (71)
Impact of change in discount rate by -1% 93 86
Impact of change in salary rate by +1% 93 85
Impact of change in salary rate by -1% (79) (72)
Impact of change in attrition rate by +50% (9) (19)
Impact of change in attrition rate by -50% 8 22
Impact of change in mortality rate by +1% ^ -^
Impact of change in mortality rate by -1% -^ ^
 Sen
sitivity to significant actuarial assumptions is computed by varying one actuarial assumption used for the valuation 
of the defined benefit obligation by one percentage, keeping all other actuarial assumptions constant. In practice, this 
is not probable, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated.
Expected maturity analy
sis of the defined benefit plan in future years
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Within 1 year (next annual reporting period) 40 26
2 to 5 years 184 152
6 to 10 years 210 164
More than 10 years 1,646 1,381
Total expected payments 2,080 1,723
vii. Weighted aver
age duration and the expected employers contribution for next year of the defined benefit plan:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Weighted average duration of the defined benefit plan (in years) 13 13
The Group's best estimate of contribution during the next year* - -
*Th e scheme is managed on unfunded basis, hence, the next year contribution is taken as nil.
25. Tax Expense
Income tax expense has been allocated as follows:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Income tax expense as per the statement of profit and loss 695 572
Income tax included in Other comprehensive income on:
Defined benefit plan actuarial gains 10 (5)
Cash flow hedge (20) -
Total Income Taxes 685 567
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
282 283

===== PDF PAGE 161 =====
Income tax expense consists o f the following:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Current taxes
Domestic 707 630
707 630
Deferred taxes
Domestic (22) (63)
(22) (63)
Total income taxes 685 567
Movement in de
ferred tax assets and liabilities
Particulars As on 01 
April 2025
Credit/ (charge) in the 
Standalone Statement 
of Profit and Loss
Credit/ 
(charge) 
in OCI
As on 31 
March 2026
Property, plant and equipment 25 1 - 26
Compensated absences 265 45 (10) 300
Fair valuation of investments carried 
through profit or loss
(88) (42) - (130)
Derivative Liability - - 20 20
Others, net 14 8 - 22
Net deferred tax assets 216 12 10 238
Movement in de
ferred tax assets and liabilities
Particulars As on 01 
April 2024
Credit/ (charge) in the 
Standalone Statement 
of Profit and Loss
Credit/ 
(charge) 
in OCI
As on 31 
March 2025
Property, plant and equipment (25) 50 - 25
Compensated absences 211 49 5 265
Fair valuation of investments carried 
through profit or loss
(30) (58) - (88)
Others, net (4) 18 - 14
Net deferred tax assets 152 59 5 216
 The r
econciliation between the provision of income tax and amounts computed by applying the Indian statutory income 
tax rate to profit before taxes is as follows:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Profit before taxes 2,814 2,385
2,814 2,385
Enacted income tax rate in India 25.17% 24.17%
Computed expected tax expense 708 576
Effect off:
Others, net (13) (4)
Total income taxes expenses 695 572
The c
omponents of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Property Plant and equipment 26 25
Compensated absences 300 265
Fair valuation of investments carried through profit or loss (130) (88)
Derivative Liability 20 -
Others, net 22 14
Net deferred tax assets 238 216
 In as
sessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers the extent to which it is probable that the 
deferred tax asset will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future 
taxable profits during the periods in which those temporary differences and tax loss carry forwards become deductible. 
The Company considers the expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning 
strategies in making this assessment. Based on this, the Company believes that it is probable that the Company will realize 
the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be 
reduced in the near term if the estimates of future taxable income during the carry-forward period are reduced.
 The 
Company elected to move to new tax regime in financial year 2022-2023 as per Section 115 BAA of Income Tax 
Act, 1961.
26. Earnings per share
 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the
we
ighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
 Dil
uted earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company
by the weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per equity share and also the
weighted average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential equity
shares, except where the results would be anti-dilutive. Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted as at the
beginning of the period, unless issued at a later date.
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Profit for basic earning per share of face value of ₹2 each
Profit attributable to owners of the parent 2,119 1,813
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding (1) 23,98,98,567 23,71,05,636
Basic earnings per share (face value of ₹2 each) 8.83 7.64
Basic earnings per share 8.83 7.64
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
284 285

===== PDF PAGE 162 =====
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company 2,119 1,813
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company 2,119 1,813
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 23,98,98,567 23,71,05,636
Effect of dilutive equivalent share options (1) 14,52,668 18,16,993
Diluted earnings per share 8.78 7.59
Diluted earnings per share 8.78 7.59
 (1) Pursuant to resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company  on 06 July 2022, the Company has allotted 217,792,121 equity
sh
ares of face value of ₹ 2 each by way of bonus issue to its shareholders bonus shares in the ratio of 1:125 effective 06 July 2022.
Accordingly, basic and diluted earning per share for the current year and for earlier year have been calculated / restated after considering 
the above bonus issue and appropriate adjustments on bonus shares to the outstanding options granted to the employees under the
ESOP scheme of Ind AS-33 “”Earnings Per Share”” (refer note 13(a)).
27. Related party r elationships and transactions
List of subsidiaries and step subsidiaries as at 31 March 2026, are provided in the table below:
List of subsidiaries Country of 
Incorporation 
Percentage of 
holding (%)
ILSL Holdings Inc. USA 100
Indegene Healthcare Mexico S DE RL DE CV Mexico 100
Indegene Ireland Limited Ireland 100
Step subsidiaries Country of 
Incorporation
Percentage of 
holding (%)
Subsidiaries of ILSL Holdings Inc
Indegene Inc USA 100
DT Associates Research and Consulting Inc USA 100
Cult Health LLC USA 100
BioPharm Parent Holding Inc (8) USA 100
Subsidiaries of Indegene Ireland Limited
Indegene Healthcare Germany GmbH Germany 100
Indegene Fareast Pte Ltd Singapore 100
Indegene Europe LLC Switzerland 100
Indegene Lifesystems Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd 
(1) China 100
Indegene Healthcare UK Limited England 100
Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH (2) Germany 100
Indegene Spain, S.L (4) Spain 100
Indegene Japan LLC (5) Japan 100
MJL Communications Group Ltd (6) England 100
Warn & Co Limited (10) UK 100
Cake Kommunikations Holding GmbH (11) Germany 100
Step subsidiaries Country of 
Incorporation
Percentage of 
holding (%)
Subsidiaries of Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Inc 
(3) USA 100
Subsidiaries of MJL Communications Group Ltd
MJL Advertising Limited 
(7) England 100
Subsidiaries of Indegene Inc
Indegene Healthcare Canada Inc 
(14) Canada 100
Subsidiaries of Indegene Healthcare UK Limited
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Limited 
(13) England 100
DT Associates Research and Consulting Services Ltd (15) England 100
Subsidiaries of BioPharm Parent Holding Inc Group Ltd
Biopharm Communications, LLC 
(9) USA 100
Addressable Health LLC (9) USA 100
Subsidiaries of CAKE Kommunikations Holding GmbH Group Ltd
Cake Kommunikations GmbH (AT) 
(12) (16) Austria 100
Cake Kommunikations AG (Switzerland) (12) Switzerland 100
Cake Kommunikations GmbH (DE) (12) Germany 100
 (1) Indegene Ireland Limited has acquired 100% equity shares from Indegene Limited w.e.f. 29 February 2024
(2) Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 22 March 2024
(3) Step down subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 22 March 2024
(4) Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 12 November 2024
(5) Indegene Ireland Limited has acquired 100% equity shares from Indegene Limited w.e.f. 22 January 2025
(6) Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 25 March 2025
(7) Step down subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 25 March 2025
(8) Wholly owned subsidiary of ILSL Holdings Inc w.e.f 01 October 2025
(9) Step down subsidiary of ILSL Holdings Inc w.e.f 01 October 2025
(10) Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 16 October 2025
(11) Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 30 January 2026
(12) Step down subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 30 January 2026
 (13) Step down subsidiary of Indegene Healthcare UK Limited w.e.f. 01 March 2026. Subsequently on 01 April 2026, merged with Indegene 
Healthcare UK Limited.
 (14) Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Inc, incorporated pursuant to amalgamation of Services Indegene Aptilon Inc and Trilogy Writing 
& Consulting ULC w.e.f. 01 January 2026
 (15) Step down subsidiary of Indegene Healthcare UK Limited w.e.f. 01 March 2026
 (16) 70% Equity shares hold by Holding GmbH and 30% Equity shares hold by Indegene Ireland Limited.
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
286 287

===== PDF PAGE 163 =====
 The list of controlled trusts are:
Name of the entity Country of Incorporation 
Indegene Employee Welfare Trust  India 
Key Managerial Personnel:
Mr. Manish Gupta Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
Dr. Sanjay S Parikh Executive Director (earlier designated as Director)
Dr. Rajesh B Nair Non- executive Director (earlier designated as Director)
Mr. Suhas Prabhu Chief Financial Officer
Ms. Srishti Ramesh Kaushik Company Secretary
Dr. Ashish Gupta Non- executive Independent Director 
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare Non- executive Independent Director 
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao Non- executive Independent Director 
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti Non- executive Independent Director 
Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou Papathomas Non- executive Independent Director 
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj Non- executive Independent Director 
Ms. Jill Mary DeSimone Non- executive Independent Director 
Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga Non- executive Nominee Director
  Th
e transactions entered into with related parties during the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 are set 
out below:
Description of transactions Name of Related Party For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Short term benefits* All KMP's excluding independent directors 94 93
  *The above remuneration does not include gratuity and leave encashment as the same cannot be specifically identified.
  The sitting fees and commission paid / accrued to non-executive independent directors is ₹42 and ₹33 for the year ended 
3
1 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, respectively.
  Terms and conditions o
f transactions with related parties
  Th
e transaction with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions and 
within ordinary course of business. Outstanding balances at the period-end are unsecured and interest free and settlement 
occurs in cash.
  Tr
ansactions with the above related parties during the year:
Nature of transactions For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Revenue from operations 10,595 9,201
Expenses paid on behalf of subsidiaries 40 44
Expenses of consultancy 89 29
Nature of transactions For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Expenses paid by subsidiaries on behalf of the Company 13 24
Investment in subsidiary 1,453 953
Recharge of share based expense 172 105
Repayment of loan from subsidiaries 401 7
Sale of Investment in subsidiaries - 94
Loan to subsidiaries - 3,950
Interest income during the year 363 292
Reversals of provision for loan 3 5
 Balances receiv
able/payable from / to related parties are as follows:
Nature of transaction For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Trade receivables
Indegene, Inc. 2,488 3,656
Indegene Fareast Pte Ltd., Singapore 2 2
Indegene Lifesystems Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., China 15 17
DT Associates Research and Consulting Services Ltd 28 31
DT Associates Research and Consulting Inc - ^
Cult Health LLC 5 4
Indegene Healthcare UK Limited - 6
Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH 1 3
Indegene Japan LLC 1 1
Indegene Ireland Limited 2 -
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Inc 1 -
Indegene Healthcare Canada Inc ^ -
Trade Payables
Indegene Healthcare UK Limited 9 -
Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH ^ -
Indegene Spain, S.L 1 -
Loan receivables
ILSL Holdings Inc. 3,987 4,037
Indegene Lifesystems Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., China 7 6
Receivables*
Indegene Fareast Pte Ltd., Singapore ^ ^
Indegene, Inc. 32 22
Services Indegene Aptilon Inc ^ ^
Indegene Europe LLC ^ ^
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
288 289

===== PDF PAGE 164 =====
Nature of transaction For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
DT Associates Research and Consulting Services Ltd 125 109
Payables
Indegene, Inc. 2 4
DT Associates Research and Consulting Services Ltd ^ (1)
Cult Health LLC - 3
Indegene Healthcare UK Limited 49 116
Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH 1 2
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Limited - 2
 * Includes the balances being in the nature of  interest accrued towards loans given to subsidiaries of the company, reimbursement,
wh
ere applicable and inter-corporate deposits with subsidiary.
 The following are the significant related party transactions during the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Revenue from operations
Indegene Fareast Pte Ltd., Singapore 2 2
Indegene, Inc. 10,451 9,077
Indegene Lifesystems Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., China 27 35
DT Associates Research and Consulting Services Ltd 51 62
DT Associates Research and Consulting Inc - ^
Cult Health LLC 38 14
Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH 9 3
Indegene Japan LLC 9 8
Indegene Ireland Limited 2 -
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Inc 4 -
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Limited 1 -
Trilogy Writing & Consulting ULC 1 -
Indegene Healthcare Canada Inc ^ -
Expenses paid on behalf of subsidiaries
Indegene Fareast Pte Ltd., Singapore - ^
Indegene, Inc. 33 23
DT Associates Research and Consulting Services Ltd - ^
Indegene Ireland Limited 1 14
Indegene Healthcare UK Limited 6 6
Indegene Healthcare Germany GmbH ^ ^
Indegene Healthcare Canada Inc ^ ^
Expenses of consultancy
Indegene Healthcare UK Limited 87 29
Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH 1 ^
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Indegene Spain, S.L 1 -
Expenses paid by subsidiaries on behalf of the Company
Indegene, Inc. 12 -
Indegene Fareast Pte Ltd., Singapore - -
DT Associates Research and Consulting Services Ltd - 3
Cult Health LLC ^ 3
Indegene Healthcare UK Limited - 15
Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH 1 2
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Limited - 2
Investment in subsidiary
Indegene Ireland Limited 1,453  953
Recharge of share based expense
Indegene Fareast Pte Ltd., Singapore 1 ^
Indegene, Inc. 116 80
DT Associates Research and Consulting Services Ltd 2 19
Indegene Europe LLC 1 (2)
Services Indegene Aptilon Inc 1 ^
Indegene Healthcare UK Limited 37 7
Indegene Healthcare Germany GmbH 2 ^
Indegene Japan LLC ^ ^
Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH 2 -
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Limited 2 -
Cult Health LLC 7 -
Indegene Healthcare Canada Inc ^ -
Repayment of loan by subsidiaries
Indegene Lifesystems Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., China 6 7
ILSL Holdings, Inc., USA 395 -
Sale of Investment to Indegene Ireland Limited
Indegene Japan LLC - 130
Loan to subsidiaries
ILSL Holdings, Inc., USA - 3,950
Interest income during the year
ILSL Holdings, Inc., USA 357 290
Indegene Lifesystems Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., China 6 2
Reversals of provision for loans
Indegene Lifesystems Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., China 3 5
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
290 291

===== PDF PAGE 165 =====
 The transaction with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions and 
wi
thin ordinary course of business. Outstanding balances at the year-end are unsecured and interest free and settlement 
occurs in cash.
28. Commitments and Contingencies
 Contingent liability is a possible obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the
oc
currence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity or a
present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources
embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured
with sufficient reliability.
 Add
itionally, the company believes that other disputes, lawsuits and claims, including commercial matters, which arise
from time to time in the ordinary course of business will not have any material adverse effect on its standalone financial
statements in any given financial year.
Income tax matters
 The
 company has received tax demand orders for various assessment years the company has filed appeals against such
orders at various levels of income tax jurisdiction. The final order against the appeals made are yet be received. The
management is of the view that these will not have any material adverse effect on the company’s financial position or
results of operations.
Transf
er Pricing matter
 Dur
ing the year, the Company received a draft transfer pricing order dated 18 March 2026 pertaining to Assessment Year
2023-24, issued by the Transfer Pricing Officer under the provisions of the Income tax Act, 1961, proposing adjustments to
the Company’s returned income in respect of international transactions with associated enterprises. The proposed transfer 
pricing adjustment in the draft order aggregates to ₹ 1,114 million, the amount of tax demand will be as per the final order
which is not received as on date. The Company has exercised its option to seek resolution of the proposed adjustment
through the Mutual Agreement Procedure (MAP) in accordance with the applicable tax treaty provisions between India
and the relevant treaty jurisdiction(s). The MAP application has been filed within the prescribed timelines.
 Bas
ed on management’s assessment, supported by external tax advice, and considering the merits of the case, including
the Company’s transfer pricing documentation, economic analyses, and relevant judicial precedents, management believes 
that the matter is effectively contestable and that it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle
the obligation. Accordingly, no provision has been recognised in the financial statements as at the reporting date, and the
proposed exposure has been disclosed as a contingent liability, pending resolution under the MAP process.
 Other commitment liability
 Est
imated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for is ₹138 (31 March 2025:
₹9).
29. Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’)
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
a. Amount required to be spent by the company during the year 36 32
b. Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year 36 32
c. Amount of expenditure incurred,
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
(i) Construction/
acquisition of any asset - -
(ii) On purposes other than above (i) abo
ve 36 32
d. Shortfall at the end of the year - -
e. Total of previous years shortfall - -
f. Reason for shortfall, NA NA
g. Nature of CSR activities, Education, Health, Technology
h. Details of related party transactions, e.g., contribution to a trust
controlled by the company in relation to CSR expenditure as per
relevant Accounting Standard,
- -
i where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by 
entering into a contractual obligation, the movements in the provision 
during the year shall be shown separately.
- -
 Not
e- CSR unspent balance as on 31 March 2026 is ₹11 and as on 31 March 2025 ₹8 which was subsequently transferred 
to CSR unspent bank account on 28 April 2026 and 25 April 2025, respectively.
30. Segment information
 The Company publishes this standalone financial statement along with the consolidated financial statements. In accordance
wi
th Ind AS 108, Operating Segments, the Company has disclosed the segment information in the consolidated
financial statements.
31. IPO Fund Utilisation
 During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Company had completed Initial Public Offer (IPO) of 40,766,550 equity shares 
of 
face value of ₹ 2 each at an issue price of ₹452 per share (Issue price of ₹422, including a share premium of ₹420 per
share, for employee quota towards fresh issue), comprising fresh issue of 16,833,818 shares aggregating to ₹7,600 and
offer for sale of 23,932,732 shares by selling shareholders aggregating to ₹10,818. The equity shares of the Company
are listed in National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) on 13 May 2024. The Company has
received an amount of  ₹7,246
(1) (net of Company’s share of IPO expenses of ₹354, retained in the Public Offer Account
to the extent unpaid) from the proceeds of the fresh issue. Out of the Company’s shares of IPO expenses ₹319 has been
adjusted to securities premium.
The u
tilization of IPO proceeds of ₹7,246 (1) is summarized below:
Particulars Amount to be 
utilised as per 
offer document (1)
Amount  
utilized up to
31 March 2026
Amount  
unutilized as of
31 March 2026
Repayment/prepayment of indebtedness of one of 
the Material Subsidiary, ILSL Holdings, Inc. (2)
3,950 3,950 -
Funding the capital expenditure requirements of 
the Company and one of the Material Subsidiary, 
Indegene, Inc.
(1)
644 577 67
Technology, Cybersecurity and Cloud infrastructure 
related cost 
(1)
350 253 97
General corporate purposes and inorganic growth 2,302 2,294 8
Total 7,246 7,074 172
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
292 293

===== PDF PAGE 166 =====
 (1) Pursuant to the Special Resolution passed at the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 12 August 2025, the Company has revised the
o
bjects as per offer document. As per the revised objects, an amount of ₹37 is adjusted from funding capital expenditure requirements
towards repayment of indebtedness of ILSL Holdings, Inc for the difference arising due to exchange rate fluctuation as on the date of
offer document and as on the date of repayment. Further, an amount of ₹350 is reclassified from funding capital expenditure requirement
towards utilization for services including cloud infrastructure and security services, productivity tools, cybersecurity and support services 
availed by the Company and Indegene Inc. Further, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved the transfer of unutilized IPO
expense towards funding capital expenditure requirement by way of Board Resolution passed on 29 January 2026. The unutilized
amount of ₹2 has been transferred to the net IPO proceeds, thereby increasing it from ₹7244 to ₹7246 and earmarked for funding
capital expenditure requirements at the Company’s office premises.
 (2) During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Company has repaid loan of USD 47.20 Million (₹3,950) outstanding in the books of ILSL 
Holdings Inc. (material subsidiary), in line with Object 1 of the offer document. The amount of ₹37 utilised over and above the maximum
amount specified as per the original amount as per offer document of ₹3,913 was due to exchange rate fluctuation as on the date of
offer document and as on the date of payment. The Special Resolution passed on 12 August 2025 revises the object amount to adjust
this difference.
 Out of the net proceeds which were unutilised as at 31 March 2026, ₹151 (31 March 2025: ₹980) are temporarily invested 
in 
fixed deposits, ₹19 (31 March 2025: ₹41) is held in the Company’s monitoring account, while the balance amount of ₹2 
(31 March 2025: Nil) is held in the public offer account.
32. Additional regulatory inf ormation
a) Analytical ratio
The f
ollowing are analytical ratios for the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025
Ratio Numerator Denominator 31 March 2026 31 March 2025 Variance %
Current Ratio  
(in times)(1)
Current assets Current liabilities 4.66 6.43 -28%
Debt - Equity ratio 
(in times)
(2)
Total Debt 
(borrowings + lease 
liabilities)
Total equity 0.03 0.01 133%
Return on equity 
ratio (in %)
Net profit after taxes Average 
Shareholder’s Equity
11% 10% 7%
Trade receivables 
turnover ratio  
(in times)
Revenue from 
operations
Average Trade 
Receivable
3.52 2.80 25%
Trade payables 
turnover ratio  
(in times)
(3)
Other expenses in 
statement of profit 
and loss
Average Trade 
Payables
5.26 3.34 57%
Net capital turnover 
ratio (in times)
Revenue from 
operations
Working Capital 
(current assets 
-current liabilities)
1.22 1.06 15%
Net profit ratio 
(in %)
Profit for the year Revenue from 
operations
17% 17% 5%
Return on capital 
employed (in %)
Earning before 
interest and taxes
Capital Employed 13% 13% 6%
Return on investment 
(in %)
Income generated 
from invested funds
Average invested 
funds in treasury 
investments
4% 6% -26%
(1) Variance is on account of increase in derivative liability leading to significant decreasee in current year ratio.
(2) Variance is on account of increase in lease liability
(3) Variance is on account of increase in cost of current year compared to previous year
Debt service coverage ratio and Inventory turnover ratio are not applicable to the Company.
b)  The c
ompany has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact during the current
or previous financial year.
c)  The 
Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the
Company for holding any Benami property.
d)  The 
Company did not have any material transactions with companies struck off under Section 248 of the Companies
Act, 2013 or Section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 during the financial year.
e)  The 
Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets
or both during the current or previous year.
f)  The C
ompany has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
g)  The C
ompany doesn’t have any transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 such as search
or survey.
h )  T h e
 C o m p a n y  i s  n o t  d e c l a r e d  a s  w i l f u l  d e f a u l t e r  b y  a n y  b a n k  o r  fi n a n c i a l  i n s t i t u t i o n  o r  g o v e r n m e n t  o r  a n y
government authority.
i)  The C
ompany has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.
33.  No funds have been advanced / loaned / invested (from borrowed funds or from share premium or any other sources
/ ki
nd of funds) by the Company to any other person(s) or entity (ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise), that the Intermediary shall (i) directly or indirectly lend
or investing other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate
Beneficiaries) or (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries, other than
the investments made in Indegene Ireland Limited of ₹ 1,453 in the ordinary course of business and in keeping with the
applicable regulatory requirements for investment in subsidiaries.
 No f
unds have been received by the Company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Parties), 
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall (i) directly or indirectly, lend
or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate
Beneficiaries) or (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
34.  On 21 November, 2025, the Government of India notified provisions of the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations
Co
de, 2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020 and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, 
(‘Labour Codes’) which consolidate twenty-nine existing labour laws into a unified framework governing employee benefits
during employment and post-employment. The Labour Codes, amongst other things introduces changes, including a uniform
definition of wages and enhanced benefits relating to leave. The Company has considered restructured compensation of
its employees with effect from 01 April 2026 and assessed the impact of the changes, consistent with the Labour Codes,
draft rules, FAQs and legal opinion. The Company based on the evaluation of the labour code has concluded that these
changes do not have any material impact on the Company’s Financial Statements. In case of any further clarification from
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
StandaloneIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
294 295

===== PDF PAGE 167 =====
the Government on other aspects of the New Labour Codes, the Company will evaluate and account for differential impact, 
if any, in subsequent periods on the Financial Statements.
35.  Cash credit facility availed from Bank with the repayment term of 2 months to 12 months at an interest rate in the range
of 7.31 % - 11.55 % p.a, which are secured against charge created on all current and movable assets of the Company and
lien on fixed deposit maintained with the bank at treasury rates prevailing on date of disbursement. As at 31 March 2026
the closing balance : Nil (2025: Nil).
 Qua
rterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Company, as applicable are in agreement with the books
of account.
36. Subsequent events
 The Company has evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after 31 March 2026 up through 29 April 2026, the
da
te the financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors.
 The 
Board of Directors, in its meeting on 29 April 2026, have proposed a final dividend of ₹2.25 per equity shares for the
financial year ended 31 March 2026. The proposal is subject to the approval of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting and if approved would result in a cash outflow of approximately ₹542.
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Independent Auditor’s Report
To The Members of Indegene Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated  Financial  
 Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial 
statements of Indegene Limited  (“the Parent” or “Parent 
Company”) and its subsidiaries, (the Parent and its subsidiaries  
together  referred  to  as the  “Group”) which comprise the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at  March 31, 2026, and the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other 
Comprehensive Income), the Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows and the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the year ended on that date, and notes to the financial 
statements, including a summary of material accounting 
policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated 
financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the 
Act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the 
Group as at March 31, 2026, and their consolidated profit, their 
consolidated other comprehensive income, their  consolidated 
cash flows and their consolidated changes in equity for the 
year ended on that date. 
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(“SA”s) specified under Section 143(10) of the Act. 
Our responsibilities under those Standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. 
We are independent of the Group, its associates and joint 
ventures in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together 
with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
the consolidated financial statements under the provisions of 
the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled 
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that 
the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements. 
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming 
our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion 
on these matters. We have determined the matters described 
below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in 
our report.
Financial Statement
297
Notes forming part of the standalone financial statements 
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26296
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 168 =====
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon
•  The Parent Company’s Board of Directors is responsible
fo
r the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the Director’s
report, but does not include the consolidated financial
statements, standalone financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon which we obtained prior to
the date of this auditor’s report, and the Management
Discussion and Analysis Report, Corporate Governance
Report and Business Responsibility and Sustainability
Report, which is expected to be made available to us
after that date.
•
 Our
 opinion on the consolidated financial statements
does not cover the other information and will not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
•
  In c
onnection with our audit of the consolidated financial
statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above when it becomes available,
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained during
the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated.
•
 If, b
ased on the work we have performed, we conclude
that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
•
 When
 we read the Management Discussion and Analysis
Report, Corporate Governance Report and Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report, if we conclude
that there is a material misstatement therein, we are
required to communicate the matter to those charged
with governance as required under SA 720 ‘The Auditor’s 
responsibilities Relating to Other Information.
Responsibilities of Management and Board of 
Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Parent’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters 
stated in section  134(5) of the  Act with  respect  to  the  
preparation  of  these  con solid ated  fin anci al statements  
that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial 
position, consolidated financial performance including 
other comprehensive income, consolidated cash flows and 
consolidated changes in equity of the Group in accordance 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including Ind AS specified under section 133 of the Act. The 
respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for 
preventing and detecting frauds  and  other  irregularities;  
selection  and  application  of  appropriate accounting policies;  
making  judgments  and  estimates  that  are  reasonable  
and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the  financial statements that give a true and 
fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose 
of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the 
Directors of the Parent Company, as aforesaid.
In preparing the consolidated  financial statements, the 
respective Management and Board of Directors of the 
companies included in the Group are responsible for assessing 
the  ability of the respective entities to continue as a going 
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going 
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless the respective Board of Directors either intend to 
liquidate their respective entities or to cease operations, or 
has no realistic alternative but to do so. 
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the financial 
reporting process of the Group. 
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, 
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it 
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they 
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated 
financial statements. 
Sr. No. Key Audit Matter Auditor’s Response
1 Revenue Recognition for fixed price contract:
(Refer Note 2(iv)(i), 3.10 and 20 of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements)
The Group’s contracts with customers under the fixed 
price contracts include contracts with customer which 
are recognised either (1) on a straight-line basis when 
services are performed through an indefinite number of 
repetitive acts over a specified period, unless some other 
method better represent the stage of completion (2) using 
a percentage of completion method when the pattern of 
benefits from services rendered to the customer and the 
Company’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through 
the period of contract because the services are generally 
discrete in nature and not repetitive. (3) recognized based 
on the Group’s right to invoice for services performed for 
contracts in which the invoicing is representative of the 
value being delivered.
Our key audit procedures included the following.
(i)
 Evaluated the Group
’s revenue recognition accounting
policies and compliance with applicable accounting
standard.
(ii)  We have per
formed walkthrough and obtained the
detailed understanding of Group’s revenue recognition 
process.
(iii)
 We tested the design, implementation and operating
ef
fectiveness of Group’s internal financial controls
with respect to revenue recognition process.
(iv)  Evaluated the integrity of the gener
al information
and technology control environment and tested the
operating effectiveness of IT controls over recognition
of revenue.
As these contracts with customers involve significant 
management’s judgment with respect to identification of 
distinct performance obligation and timing and method of 
the revenue recognition, the same has been identified as 
a Key Audit Matter.
(v)
 We hav
e performed substantive testing by selecting
samples of revenue recorded during the year and
verifying the underlying documents which include,
customer contracts (master service agreement and/or
statement of work), and other supporting documents
2. Business Combinations:
(Refer note 2(iv)(iv), 3.4 and Note 7 of the Consolidated 
financial statements)
The Company has acquired the business of BioPharm
Parent Holding Inc. (‘BioPharm’) for which the purchase
price allocation has been finalised during the year. The
aggregate purchase consideration was allocated to
identifiable net tangible and intangible assets based
upon their fair values which led to the recognition of
goodwill of Rs. 6,429 million. The Company’s accounting
for the acquisition included determining the fair value of
the assets acquired, which primarily included customer
relationship, intellectual property. Brand and customer
contracts.
Given the significance of amounts involved and significant
estimates and judgements involved, we determined this
to be an area of focus for our audit.
Our key audit procedures included the following.
(i)
 Read the signed share purchase agreements and
other r
elated documents to obtain an understanding
of the acquisition and the key terms and conditions.
(ii)  We tested the design, implementation and operating
ef
fectiveness of relevant internal controls over
accounting for business combination.
(iii)  Read and analysed the report of the management
e
xpert supporting the identification and valuation
of intangible assets such as customer relationship,
intellectual property, brand, customer contract etc.
(iv)
 Evaluated the competence, capabilit
y and objectivity
of the management expert engaged by the Company
and reviewed the purchase price allocation report
issued by such specialist.
(v)
 Obtained an under
standing and tested the
reasonableness of the management’s cash flow
projections including the input data considered with
the underlying documents/information provided by
the management.
(vi)
  With the assistance of our valuation specialis
ts,
assessed the appropriateness of the valuation
methodologies and the reasonableness of key
assumptions and judgements made by the
management and valuers.
(vii)
  Evaluated whe
ther appropriate disclosures have been
included in the consolidated financial statements.
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
298 299

===== PDF PAGE 169 =====
by the Management and our opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts and 
disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, is based 
solely on such unaudited financial statements. In our opinion 
and according to the information and explanations given to 
us by the Management, these financial statements are not 
material to the Group.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
above and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements below, is not modified in respect of the above 
matters with respect to the financial statements certified by 
the Management.
Reporting on comparatives audited by the predecessor 
auditor
The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended March 31, 2025, were audited by predecessor 
auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those 
financial statements on April 28, 2025.
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements is not 
modified in respect of this matter.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our
au
dit we report that:
 a)  We ha
ve sought and obtained all the information
and explanations which to the best of our
knowledge and belief were necessary for the
purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated
financial statements.
 b)  In ou
r opinion, proper books of account as required
by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid
consolidated financial statements have been kept
by the Group including relevant records so far as it
appears from our examination of those books.
 c)  The 
Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated
Statement of Profit and Loss including Other
Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows and the Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this
Report are in agreement with the relevant books of 
account maintained for the purpose of preparation
of the consolidated financial statements.
 d)  In o
ur opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial
statements comply with the Ind AS specified under 
Section 133 of the Act.
 e)  On 
the basis of the written representations received
from the directors of the Parent Company as on
March 31, 2026 taken on record by the Board of
Directors of the Company none of the directors of
the Group companies is disqualified as on March 31,
2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of 
Section 164 (2) of the Act.
 f )  Wit
h respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial
statements and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure
A” which is based on the auditors’ reports of
the Parent Company. Our report expresses an
unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating
effectiveness of internal financial controls with
reference to consolidated financial statements of
the Parent Company.
 g)  Wit
h respect to the other matters to be included
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the
requirements of section 197(16) of the Act, as
amended, in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations
given to us, the remuneration paid by the Parent
Company to their directors during the year is in
accordance with the provisions of section 197 of
the Act.
 h)  Wit
h respect to the other matters to be included in
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014,
as amended in our opinion and to the best of our
information and according to the explanations given 
to us:
 
 i.  The
 consolidated financial statements
disclose the impact of pending litigations
on the consolidated financial position of the
Group, Refer Note 33 to the consolidated
financial statements.
 
 ii.  The 
Group has made provision, as required
under the applicable law or accounting
standards, for material foreseeable losses,
if any, on long-term contracts including
derivative contracts.
 
 iii
.  The
re were no amounts which were required
to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Parent Company
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
•
 Ide
ntify and assess the risks of material misstatement
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control.
•
 Obt
ain an understanding of internal financial controls
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under
section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for
expressing our opinion on whether the Parent Company 
has adequate internal financial controls with reference
to consolidated financial statements in place and the
operating effectiveness of such controls.
•
  Eva
luate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the management.
•
 Concl
ude on the appropriateness of management’s use
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group
to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures 
in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to
continue as a going concern.
•
 Eva
luate the overall presentation, structure and content
of the consolidated financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial
statements represent the underlying transactions and
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
•
 Obt
ain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding
the financial information of the entities or business
activities within the Group to express an opinion on the
consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for 
the direction, supervision and performance of the audit 
of the financial statements of such branches or entities or 
business activities included in the consolidated financial 
statements of which we are the independent auditors.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the 
consolidated financial statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of 
a reasonably knowledgeable user of the consolidated financial 
statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative 
materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of 
our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and 
(ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in
the consolidated financial statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
of the Paret Company and such other entities included in 
the consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal 
financial controls that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of 
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial 
statements of the current period and are therefore the key 
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, 
we determine that a matter should not be communicated in 
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so 
would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
We did not audit the financial statements of 1 subsidiary and 
8 Step down subsidiaries, whose financial statements reflect 
total assets of Rs. 991 million as at March 31, 2026, total 
revenues of Rs. 980 million and net cash inflows amounting to 
Rs. 385 million for the year ended on that date, as considered 
in the consolidated financial statements. These financial 
statements are unaudited and have been furnished to us 
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
300 301

===== PDF PAGE 170 =====
2.  With respect to the matters specified in Clause (xxi)
of
 paragraph 3 and paragraph 4 of the Companies
(Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”) issued by
the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of
the Act, according to the information and explanations
given to us, and based on the audit report under
section 143 issued by us and the auditors of respective
companies included in the consolidated financial
statements, as provided to us by the Management of the 
Parent Company, we report that CARO is applicable only 
to the Parent Company and not to any other company
included in the consolidated financial statements. We
have not reported any qualification or adverse remark in 
the CARO report of the Parent.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No. 008072S
Sathya P Koushik
 Partner
Place: Bengaluru 
 Memb
ership No.: 206920
Date: April 29, 2026 UDI
N: 26206920BBCUJS3677
  iv. (a)  The Management of the Parent
Company incorporated in India, whose 
financial statements have been audited 
under the Act, have represented to us 
that, to the best of their knowledge 
and belief, except as disclosed in the 
note 39 to the consolidated financial 
statements, no funds have been 
advanced or loaned or invested (either 
from borrowed funds or share premium 
or any other sources or kind of funds) 
by the Parent Company to or in any 
other person(s) or entity(ies), including 
foreign entities  (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, directly or indirectly 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Parent Company 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(b)  The 
Management of the Parent Company
incorporated in India, whose financial
statements have been audited under the
Act, have represented to us that, to the
best of their knowledge and belief, as
disclosed in the note 39 to the consolidated 
financial statements, no funds   have been 
received by the Parent Company from
any person(s) or entity(ies), including
foreign entities  (“Funding Parties”), with
the understanding, whether recorded
in writing or otherwise, that the Parent
Company shall, directly or indirectly,
lend or invest in other persons or entities
identified in any manner whatsoever
by or on behalf of the Funding Party
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any
guarantee, security or the like on behalf
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(c)  Bas ed on the audit procedures performed 
that have been considered reasonable
and appropriate in the circumstances
performed by us, nothing has come
to our notice that has caused us or
the other auditors to believe that the
representations under sub-clause
(i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided
under (a) and (b) above, contain any
material misstatement.
v.  The 
final dividend proposed in the previous
year, declared and paid by the Parent Company 
is in accordance with section 123 of the Act,
as applicable.
 As st
ated in note 42 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Board of Directors
of the Parent Company have proposed final
dividend for the year which is subject to
the approval of the members of the Parent
Company at the ensuing Annual General
Meetings. Such dividend proposed is in
accordance with section 123 of the Act,
as applicable.
vi.  Bas
ed on our examination which included
test checks, the Parent Company have used
accounting software systems for maintaining
their respective books of account for the
financial year ended March 31, 2026 which
have the feature of recording audit trail (edit log) 
facility and the same has operated throughout 
the year for all relevant transactions recorded
in the software systems.
 Fur
ther, during the course of audit, we have
not come across any instance of the audit trail
feature being tampered with. Additionally,
the audit trail, to the extent enabled, has been
preserved by the Parent Company as per the
statutory requirements for record retention.
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
302 303

===== PDF PAGE 171 =====
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with 
authorisations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention 
or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material 
effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements 
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management 
override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any 
evaluation of the internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements to future periods are subject 
to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of 
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In  our opinion to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the Parent, has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to consolidated financial statements and such internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements  
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on 
the internal control with reference to consolidated financial 
statements  criteria established by the Company considering 
the essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India.
For Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s Registration No. 008072S
Sathya P Koushik
 Partner
Place: Bengaluru 
 Memb
ership No.: 206920
Date: April 29, 2026 UDI
N: 26206920BBCUJS3677
Annexure A 
to the independent auditor’s report
(Referred to in paragraph 1 (f) under ‘Report on Other 
Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report 
of even date) 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference 
to consolidated financial statements under Clause (i) of 
Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(the “Act”)
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements of the Company as at and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, we have audited the internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements 
of Indegene Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Parent”), 
as of that date.
Management’s and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities 
for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s management and Board of Directors of the 
Parent, are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements based on the internal control with 
reference to consolidated financial statements  criteria 
established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (the “ICAI)”. These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring 
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to the Parent’s policies, the safeguarding of its 
assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, 
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as 
required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Parent’s 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements based on our audit. We conducted 
our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
(the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India and the Standards on Auditing, 
prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 
2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements. 
Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate 
internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements was established and maintained and if 
such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements and their 
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the 
risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained, is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Parent Company’s internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference 
to consolidated financial statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements 
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. A company’s internal financial 
control with reference to consolidated financial statements  
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately 
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the 
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation 
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
304 305

===== PDF PAGE 172 =====
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Particulars Note For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Income
Revenue from operations 20  35,105  28,393 
Other income 21  720  1,072 
Total income  35,825  29,465 
Expenses
Employee benefits expense 22  21,977  18,152 
Finance costs 23  193  220 
Depreciation and amortisation expense 24  1,264  802 
Other expenses 25  6,938  4,898 
Total expenses  30,372  24,072 
Profit before exceptional items and tax  5,453  5,393 
Exceptional item 37  (203)  -   
Profit before tax  5,250  5,393 
Tax expense
Current tax 31  1,763  1,491 
Deferred tax 31  (524)  (165)
 1,239  1,326 
Profit for the year  4,011  4,067 
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI), net of taxes
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the statement of profit or loss:
Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation  41  (21)
Deferred tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss  (10)  5 
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to the statement of profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translating the financial statements of foreign operations  1,412  272 
Net change in fair value of forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges  (66)  -   
Deferred tax relating to items that will be classified to profit and loss  17  -   
Total Other Comprehensive Income for the year (net of tax)  1,394  256 
Total Comprehensive Income for the year  5,405  4,323 
Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Parent  4,011  4,067 
 4,011  4,067 
Other Comprehensive Income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Parent  1,394  256 
 1,394  256 
Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Parent  5,405  4,323 
 5,405  4,323 
Earning per equity share (face value ₹ 2 each) 32
Basic (in ₹)  16.72  17.15 
Diluted (in ₹)  16.62  17.02 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s registration number: 008072S
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Sathya P Koushik
Partner
Membership number:206920
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Consolidated Balance Sheet
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Note As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 4a  586  402 
Capital work-in-progress 4b  118  36 
Right-of-use assets 5  1,354  947 
Goodwill 6  11,343  3,565 
Other intangible assets 6  4,833  1,862 
Financial assets
 Loan 8  -   -   
 Other financial assets 9  804  133 
Deferr
ed tax assets (net) 31  768  898 
Non-current tax assets (net)  172  91 
Other non-current assets 10  41  25 
Total non-current assets  20,019  7,959 
Current assets
Financial assets
 Inves
tments 11  10,995  12,897 
 Trade r
eceivables 12
 Billed  7,702  6,322 
 Unbilled  2,116  1,192 
 Cash and cash equivalents 13  3,008  2,410 
 Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents 14  811  1,336 
 Other financial assets 9  103  126 
 Current tax asse
ts (net)  65  -   
Other current assets 10  1,384  1,017 
Total current assets  26,184  25,300 
Total assets  46,203  33,259 
Equity and liabilities
Equity
Equity Share capital 15(a)  481  479 
Other equity 15(b)  30,906  25,677 
Total equity  31,387  26,156 
Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
Financial liabilities 
 Lease liabilities 5  1,050  724 
 Other financial liabilities 16  2,031  149 
Pro
visions 17  873  585 
Total non-current liabilities  3,954  1,458 
Current liabilities
Financial liabilities 
 Lease liabilities 5  394  292 
 Trade pay
ables 18
 Total outstanding dues of micr
o enterprises and small enterprises and  26  17 
Total outstanding dues of other than micr
o enterprises and small enterprises  1,781  917 
 Other financial liabilities 16  3,055  1,151 
 Other current liabilities 19  4,325  2,510 
 Pr
ovisions 17  798  677 
 Current tax liabilities (ne
t)  483  81 
Total current liabilities  10,862  5,645 
Total liabilities  14,816  7,103 
Total equity and liabilities  46,203  33,259 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s registration number: 008072S
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Sathya P Koushik
Partner
Membership number:206920
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
306 307

===== PDF PAGE 173 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cashflows
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
A.  Cas
h flows from operating activities
 Profit bef
ore tax for the year  5,250  5,393 
 Adjustments to reconcile pr
ofit for the year to net cash generated from operating 
activities:
 Depreciation and amortisation e
xpense  1,265  802 
 Finance cos
ts  159  194 
 Gain due to change in contingent consideration  -    (162)
 Exceptional items - Pr
ovision for litigation expenses  203  -   
 Interest income and dividend income  (363)  (501)
 Loss allowance on loan  
-    135 
 Net gain on  disposal / fair v
aluation of investments  (300)  (292)
 Gain on termination of lease  (9)  -   
 Loss on sale of fixed assets  (1)  
-   
 Bad debts written off  8  
-   
 Expected credit loss  pro
vision / (reversal) on trade receivables and advances  -    18 
 Equity set
tled share based payment expense  256  174 
 Effect of e
xchange  loss / (gain) on restatement  54  17 
 Operating pro
fit before working capital changes  6,522  5,778 
 Changes in working capital
(Increase)/ decr
ease in trade receivables  35  (820)
 (Increase)/ decr
ease in loans and advances and other assets  (231)  343 
 Increase/ (
decrease)  in liabilities  1,437  611 
 Increase/ (
decrease)  in provisions  221  107 
 Cash generated fr
om operating activities  7,984  6,019 
 Income tax paid (net)  (1,476)  (1,600)
 Net cash generated fr
om operating activities [A]  6,508  4,419 
B.  Cas
h flows from investing activities
 Purchase of pr
operty, plant and equipment  (443)  (300)
 Interest r
eceived  126  486 
 Payment for acquisition of business
, net of cash acquired (refer note 7)  (7,235)  (1,113)
 Purchase of Inv
estments accounted for using the FVTPL  (35,616)  (52,572)
 Redemption of Investments  38,090  47,932 
 Investment in fix
ed deposit  (3,663)  (18,168)
Redemption / maturity of fixed deposit  3,617  16,908 
 Net cash used in inves
ting activities [B]  (5,124)  (6,827)
C.  Cas
h flows from financing activities
 Proceeds fr
om fresh issue of equity shares (net of share issue expense)  53  7,327 
 Interest e
xpense paid ^  (103)
 Payment of lease liabilities  (399)  (318)
 Payment of dividend  (480)  -   
 Repayment of borrowings 
-   (4,031)
 Net cash generated  fr
om / (used) in  financing activities [C]  (826)  2,875 
 Net increase in cash and cash equiv
alents  (A+B+C)  558  467 
 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the y
ear  2,410  1,886 
 Effect of e
xchange differences on translation of foreign currency cash and cash 
equivalents
 40  57 
 Cas
h and cash equivalents at the end of the year  3,008  2,410 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Equity share capital As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Number
of shares
Amount Number
of shares
Amount
Balance as at the beginning of the year  239,635,254 479  222,062,383  444 
Add: Fresh issue of IPO shares (refer note 15a)  -   -    16,833,818  34 
Add: Issued during the year (refer note 15a)  893,392 2  739,053  1 
Balance at the end of the reporting year  240,528,646 481  239,635,254  479 
Other Equity Share 
application 
money 
pending 
allotment
Reserves and surplus Other components of equity Total Other 
equity 
attributable to 
equity holders of 
the Company
Securities 
premium
Share based 
payment 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Foreign 
currency 
translation 
reserve
Cash flow 
hedges
Balance as at 01 April 2024 - 2,469 314 10,725 339 - 13,847
Total comprehensive income for the year
Add : Profit for the year - - - 4,067 - - 4,067
Add : Other Comprehensive Income (net of tax) for 
the year (refer note 30)
- - - (16) 272 - 256
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 4,051 272 - 4,323
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options - 204 (132) - - - 72
Premium on shares issued during the year by way 
of Initial Public Offer
*
- 7,575 - - - - 7,575
Share premium adjusted towards Initial Public Offer 
expenses (refer note 40)
- (319) - - - - (319)
Share application money received pending 
allotment
9 - 9
Compensation cost related to equity settled share 
based payment (refer note 22)
- - 170 - - - 170
9 7,460 38 4,051 272 - 11,830
Balance as at 31 March 2025 9 9,929 352 14,776 611 - 25,677
Balance as at 01 April 2025 9 9,929 352 14,776 611 - 25,677
Total comprehensive income for the year
Add : Profit for the year - - - 4,011 - 4,011
Add : Other Comprehensive Income (net of tax) for 
the year (refer note 27 and 30)
- - - 31 1,412 (49) 1,394
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 4,042 1,412 (49) 5,405
Issue of equity shares on exercise of options (9) 207 (150) - - - 48
Dividend - - - (480) - - (480)
Share premium adjusted towards Initial Public Offer 
expenses (refer note 40)
- ^ - - - - ^
Transfer of foreign currency translation reserve on 
closure of foreign operations
- - - (3) - - (3)
Share application money received pending 
allotment
3 - - - - - 3
Compensation cost related to equity settled share 
based payment (refer note 22)
- - 256 - - - 256
(6) 207 106 3,559 1,412 (49) 5,229
Balance as at 31 March 2026 3 10,136 458 18,335 2,023 (49) 30,906
*Adjusted for employee discount on Initial Public Offer.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s registration number: 008072S
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Sathya P Koushik
Partner
Membership number:206920
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
308 309

===== PDF PAGE 174 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
1.  Corporate Information
 Indegene Limited ('the Company' or ‘Indegene’ or ‘the
Pa
rent’ or ‘the Holding Company’) together with its
subsidiaries (collectively ‘the Group’) is a global provider 
of solutions consisting of analytics, technology and
commercial, medical, regulatory and safety services to
life science and healthcare organizations.
 The 
Company was incorporated in the year 1998 in
India and subsidiaries in the United States of America,
United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, Japan, People’s
Republic of China, Canada, Singapore, Switzerland,
Mexico, Germany, Spain and Austria. The registered
office of the Company is situated at Aspen G4, 3
rd Floor,
Manyata Embassy Business Park, Outer Ring Road,
Nagavara, Bengaluru – 560045, India. The Company has
completed its Initial Public Offer (IPO) and accordingly
the Company's equity shares are listed on National Stock
Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE)
on 13 May 2024.
 The
se consolidated financial statements were authorized
for issue by the Board of Directors on 29 April 2026.
2.  Basis of prepar ation of consolidated financial
statements
(i).   Statement of compliance and basis o f preparation
 The 
consolidated financial information of the Group 
comprise the consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 
March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other 
Comprehensive Income), consolidated statement of 
changes in equity and the consolidated statement 
of cash flows for the year ended 31 March 2026 and 
31 March 2025, the summary of material accounting 
policies and explanatory notes (collectively, the 
‘consolidated financial statement’).
 The 
consolidated financial information of the 
Group have been prepared to comply in all material 
respects with the Indian Accounting Standards 
("Ind AS") as prescribed under Section 133 of the 
Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended from time 
to time), presentation requirements of Division 
II of Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013, as 
applicable to the consolidated financial statements 
and other relevant provisions of the Act.
 The 
accounting policies have been consistently 
applied by the Group in preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements. These 
consolidated financial statements do not reflect the 
effects of events that occurred subsequent to the 
respective dates of auditor’s reports on the audited 
consolidated financial statements mentioned 
above. All amounts disclosed in the consolidated 
financial statements and notes have been rounded 
off to the nearest ₹ millions as per the requirement 
of Schedule III, unless otherwise stated. There were 
no changes in accounting policies during the year of 
these consolidated financial statements.
 The 
preparation of these consolidated financial 
statements requires the use of certain critical 
accounting judgements and estimates. It also 
requires the management to exercise judgement 
in the process of applying the Group’s accounting 
policies. The areas where estimates are significant 
to the consolidated financial statements, or 
areas involving a higher degree of judgement or 
complexity, are disclosed in Note (iv).
(ii).   Functional and pr
esentation currency
 The
 consolidated financial statements is reported in 
Indian rupees, which is also the functional currency 
of the Parent Company, except share and per share 
data, unless otherwise stated. Items included in the 
financial statements of each of the Group’s entities 
are measured using the currency of the primary 
economic environment in which these entities 
operate (i.e. the “functional currency”). Due to 
rounding off, the numbers presented throughout 
the document may not add up precisely to the 
totals and percentages may not precisely reflect 
the absolute figures. "^" in the financial information 
denote amounts less than ₹ 0.50 million.
(iii).   Basis of measurement
 The 
consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared on a going concern basis, the historical cost 
convention and on an accrual basis, except for the 
following material items which have been measured 
at fair value as required by relevant  Ind AS:-
  
a)  Der
ivative financial instruments;
For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise the following:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Cash in hand  -   -   
Balances with banks:
-  In current accounts  2,258  1,503 
-  In deposit accounts  750  907 
Tota
l  3,008  2,410 
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
As per our report of even date attached
for Deloitte Haskins & Sells
Chartered Accountants
Firm’s registration number: 008072S
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Sathya P Koushik
Partner
Membership number:206920
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Consolidated Statement of Cashflows
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Consolidated Financial Statement
311
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26310

===== PDF PAGE 175 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
iii.  Deferr ed taxes
 Def
erred tax is recorded on temporary
differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts, at the 
rates that have been enacted or substantively
enacted at the reporting date. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent 
upon the generation of future taxable profits
during the years in which those temporary
differences and tax loss carry-forwards
become deductible. The Group considers the
expected reversal of deferred tax assets and
projected future taxable income in making
this assessment. The amount of the deferred
income tax assets considered realizable,
however, could be reduced in the near term if
estimates of future taxable income during the
carry-forward year are reduced.
iv.  Business combinations
 In ac
counting for business combinations,
judgment is required in identifying whether an 
identifiable intangible asset is to be recorded
separately from goodwill. Additionally,
estimating the acquisition date fair value of the 
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and
contingent consideration assumed involves
management judgment. These measurements
are based on information available at the
acquisition date and are based on expectations 
and assumptions that have been deemed
reasonable by management. Changes in these 
judgments, estimates, and assumptions can
materially affect the results of operations.
v.  Impairment assessment of goodwill
 In t
esting and accounting of impairment
for goodwill, judgement is required in
determination of Cash generating the Units to 
which goodwill shall be allocated. The same
is done based taking into consideration the
level at which the management monitors the
goodwill and ability to generate independent
cash flows.
 Addi
tionally, estimating the discount rates,
future cash flow projections and terminal
values involves management judgment. These
measurements are based on information
available at the reporting date/date of 
valuation and are based on expectations 
and assumptions that have been deemed 
reasonable by management. Changes in these 
judgments, estimates, and assumptions can 
materially affect the impairment assessment 
performed by the management.
vi.   Leases
 Ind 
AS 116 defines a lease term as the non-
cancellable year for which the lessee has the
right to use an underlying asset including
optional years, when an entity is reasonably
certain to exercise an option to extend (or not
to terminate) a lease. The Group considers all
relevant facts and circumstances that create an 
economic incentive for the lessee to exercise
the option when determining the lease term.
The option to extend the lease term is included 
in the lease term, if it is reasonably certain
that the lessee would exercise the option. The
Group reassesses the option when significant
events or changes in circumstances occur that 
are within the control of the lessee.
vii
.  Defined benefit plans and compensated
absences
 The 
cost of the defined benefit plans,
compensated absences and the present value 
of the defined benefit obligations are based
on actuarial valuation using the projected unit
credit method. An actuarial valuation involves
making various assumptions that may differ
from actual developments in the future. These
include the determination of the discount
rate, future salary increases and mortality
rates. Due to the complexities involved in the
valuation and its long-term nature, a defined
benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes 
in these assumptions. All assumptions are
reviewed at each reporting date.
viii.  Expected credit losses on financial asse
ts
 The 
impairment provisions of financial assets
are based on assumptions about risk of default
and expected timing of collection. The Group
uses judgment in making these assumptions
and selecting the inputs to the expected credit 
loss calculation based on the Group’s history
b)  Fin ancial instruments classified as fair value
through Other Comprehensive Income or fair
value through profit or loss;
c)  Acqu
ired asset and liability including Intangible
assets and Goodwill
d)  Defi
ned benefits assets/(liability)
e)  Sha
re based payments
(iv).   Use of estimates or judgement
 The 
preparation of consolidated financial statements 
in conformity with Ind AS requires management to 
make judgements, estimates and assumptions that 
affect the application of accounting policies and the 
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and 
expenses. The management bases its estimates on 
historical experience and various other assumptions 
that are believed to be reasonable under the 
circumstances. Actual results may differ from 
those estimates.
 The 
estimates and underlying assumptions 
are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to 
accounting estimates are recognised in the year in 
which the estimates are revised and in any future 
years affected. In particular, information about 
significant areas of estimation, uncertainty and 
critical judgements in applying accounting policies 
that have the most significant effect on the amounts 
recognised in the consolidated financial statements 
is included in the following notes:
i.  Revenue r
ecognition
 The
 Group applies judgement to determine
whether each product or services promised
to a customer are capable of being distinct,
and are distinct in the context of the contract,
if not, the promised product and services
are combined and accounted as a single
performance obligation. Identification of
distinct performance obligation involves
judgement to determine the deliverables
and the ability of the customer to benefit
independently from such deliverables.
Judgement is also required to determine
the transaction price for the contract and to
ascribe the transaction price to each distinct
performance obligation. The group also
exercises judgement in determining whether
the performance obligation is satisfied at a 
point in time or over a year of time. The Group 
uses the percentage of completion method 
using the input method to measure progress 
towards completion in respect of fixed 
price contracts. Percentage of completion 
method accounting relies on estimates of 
total expected contract revenue and costs. 
This method is followed when reasonably 
dependable estimates of the revenues and 
costs applicable to various elements of the 
contract can be made. Further, the Group also 
considers indicators such as how customer 
consumes benefits as services are rendered or 
who controls the asset as it is being created or 
existence of enforceable right to payment for 
performance to date and alternate use of such 
product or service, transfer of significant risk 
and rewards to the customer and acceptance 
of delivery by the customer.
 The 
Group enters into contracts with 
customers that include integrated service 
arrangements involving third
-pa
rty vendor 
services. Revenue from such arrangements 
is recognized on a net basis when the Group 
acts as an agent and on a gross basis when 
it acts as the principal. In assessing whether 
it is acting as a principal or an agent, the 
Group evaluates whether it obtains control of 
the specified services before transfer to the 
customer. This assessment considers factors 
such as primary responsibility for service 
fulfillment, inventory risk, pricing discretion, 
and other relevant indicators of control.
ii.  Income taxes
 The
 major tax jurisdiction for the Group is India 
and the United States of America. Significant
judgments are involved in determining the
provision for income taxes including judgment 
on whether tax positions are probable of
being sustained in tax assessments. The tax
assessments can be lengthy and complex
issues and could take inordinate amount of time 
before they are resolved. The Group considers
all these complexities while estimating income
taxes, however, there could be an unfavorable 
resolution of such issues.
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
312 313

===== PDF PAGE 176 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
accounting policies other than those adopted 
in the consolidated financial statements for like 
transactions and events in similar circumstances, 
appropriate adjustments are made to that Group 
member’s financial statements in preparing the 
consolidated financial statements to ensure 
conformity with the Group’s accounting policies.
 Transac
tions eliminated on consolidation 
 All i
ntra-group balances, transactions, income, 
expenses including unrealised income and expenses 
are eliminated in preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements. Unrealised losses are 
eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, 
but only to the extent that there is no evidence 
of impairment.
 Non Controlling Inter
est
 Non
-controlling interests in the net assets 
(excluding goodwill) of consolidated subsidiaries 
are identified separately from the Group’s equity. 
The interest of non-controlling shareholders may 
be initially measured either at fair value or at the 
non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the 
fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. 
The choice of measurement basis is made on an 
acquisition to acquisition basis. Subsequent to 
acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling 
interest is the amount of those interests at initial 
recognition plus the non-controlling interest’s 
share of subsequent changes in equity. Changes 
in the Group's equity interest in a subsidiary that 
do not result in loss of control are accounted for 
as equity transaction. Total comprehensive income 
is attributed to non-controlling interests even if 
it results in the non-controlling interest having a 
deficit balance.
3.  Material accounting policies
3.1.   Foreign currency transactions
 Transac
tions and balances
 All t
ransactions in foreign currencies are translated 
to the respective functional currencies using the 
prevailing exchange rates on the date of such 
transactions. All monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies are translated 
to the functional currency at the exchange rate at 
the reporting date. All non-monetary assets and 
liabilities that are measured at fair value in a foreign 
currency are translated to the functional currency 
at the exchange rate when the fair value was 
determined. All foreign currency differences are 
generally recognised in the statement of profit and 
loss, except for non-monetary items denominated in 
foreign currency and measured based on historical 
cost, as they are not translated.
 Foreign 
operations
 For
 the purpose of presenting consolidated 
financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the 
Groups’ foreign operations that have a functional 
currency other than Indian rupees are translated 
into Indian rupees using exchange rates prevailing 
at the reporting date. Income and expense items 
are translated at the average exchange rates 
for the year. Exchange differences arising, if any, 
are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income 
(OCI) and held in foreign currency translation 
reserve (FCTR), a component of equity. When 
a foreign operation is disposed off, the relevant 
amount recognised in FCTR is transferred to the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss as part of 
the profit or loss on disposal. Goodwill and fair value 
adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign 
operation are treated as assets and liabilities of the 
foreign operation and translated at the exchange 
rate prevailing at the reporting date.
3.2.   Proper
ty, plant and equipment
 Recognition and measurement
 Ite
ms of property, plant and equipment are 
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation 
and accumulated impairment loss. Cost includes 
expenditure that is directly attributable to the 
acquisition of the asset. Where significant parts 
of an item of plant and equipment have different 
useful lives, they are accounted for as separate 
items (major components) of property, plant and 
equipment. Gains and losses on disposal of an item 
of property, plant and equipment are determined 
by comparing the proceeds from disposal with the 
carrying amount of property, plant and equipment 
and are recognised in the Consolidated Statement 
of Profit and Loss.
of collections, customer’s creditworthiness, 
existing market conditions as well as 
forward looking estimates at the end of each 
reporting year.
ix.  Fair value measur
ement of financial
instruments
 Whe
n the fair value of financial assets and
financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet
cannot be measured based on quoted prices in 
active markets, the fair value is measured using 
appropriate valuation techniques. The inputs
to these models are taken from observable
markets where possible, but where this is not
feasible, a degree of judgement is required in
establishing fair values. Judgements include
considerations of inputs such as liquidity
risk, credit risk and volatility. Changes in
assumptions about these factors could affect
the reported fair value of financial instruments.
x.  Useful liv
es of property, plant and equipment
 The 
Group depreciates property, plant and
equipment on a straight-line basis over
estimated useful lives of the assets which is
derived based on an estimate of an asset’s
expected useful life and the expected residual 
value at the end of its life. The lives are based
on historical experience with similar assets
as well as anticipation of future events,
which may impact their life, such as changes
in technology. The estimated useful life is
reviewed at least annually.
xi.  Useful lives o
f intangible assets
 The
 intangible assets are amortised by
the Company on a straight-line basis over
estimated useful lives of the assets. The
useful life is estimated based on a number of
factors including the effects of obsolescence,
demand and other economic factors such as
the stability of the industry and the level of
maintenance expenditures required to obtain
the expected future cash flows from the
assets. The estimated useful life is reviewed
at least annually.
xii.  Other estimates
 The 
share-based compensation expense is
determined based on the Group’s estimate
of equity instruments that will eventually
vest. Information about other estimation
and assumptions related uncertainties that
could have a significant risk of material
adjustment are:
(a)  Rec
ognition and measurement of
provisions: key assumptions about the
likelihood and magnitude of an outflow
of resources
(v).   Basis of consolidation
 Subsidiaries
 The
 consolidated financial statements comprise the 
financial statements of the Parent Company and its 
subsidiaries for the year ended 31 March 2026 and 
31 March 2025.
 The
 Group determines the basis of control in line 
with the requirement of Ind AS 110 Consolidated 
Financial Statements. Subsidiaries are entities 
controlled by the Group. The Group controls an 
entity when it is exposed to, or has rights to, variable 
returns from its involvement with the entity and 
can affect those returns through its power over the 
entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are 
included in the consolidated financial statements 
from the date on which control commences until 
the date on which control ceases.
 The
 consolidated financial statements of all entities 
used for the purpose of consolidation are drawn 
up to same reporting date as that of the Group. 
When the end of the reporting year of the Parent 
Company is different from that of a subsidiary, the 
subsidiary prepares, for consolidation purposes, 
additional financial information as of the same date 
as the consolidated financial statements of the 
Parent Company to enable the Parent Company 
to consolidate the financial information of the 
subsidiary, unless it is impracticable to do so.
 The
 consolidated financial statements are 
prepared using uniform accounting policies for 
like transactions and other events in similar 
circumstances. If a member of the Group uses 
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
314 315

===== PDF PAGE 177 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
future economic benefits embodied in the asset. 
Amortization methods and the estimated useful 
life of assets are reviewed, and where appropriate 
are adjusted, annually.
 The
 Group amortizes trademarks, technologies, 
customer relationship and non-compete over the 
estimated useful life from the date they are available 
for use depending on the expected year over which 
these are expected to give economic benefits. The 
estimated useful lives are as follows:
Asset classification Estimated 
useful life
Trademarks 3-10 years
Technologies, customer 
relationship and non-compete
2-10 years
Brand 3 years
Internally developed software 3 years
3.4.   Business combinations
 In a
ccordance with Ind AS 103, Business 
combinations, the Group accounts for business 
combinations after acquisition date using the 
acquisition method when control is transferred to 
the Group. In determining whether a particular set 
of activities and assets is a business, the Group 
assesses whether the set of assets and activities 
acquired includes, at minimum, an input and 
substantive process and whether the acquired 
set has the ability to produce outputs. Business 
combinations are accounted for using the Purchase 
method as at the acquisition date i.e. when the 
control is transferred to the Group.
 The 
Group measures the Goodwill at the acquisition 
date  as:-
•  The
 fair value of consideration transferred; plus
•  The
 recognised amount of any non-controlling
interest in the acquiree; plus
•  if t
he control is achieved in stages, the fair
value of pre-existing equity interest in the
acquiree; less
•  the 
net recognised amount of the identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
 Whe
n the excess of assets taken over consideration 
is negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognized 
immediately in the consolidated statement of 
profit and loss and other comprehensive income. 
Transactions costs, other than those associated 
with the issue of debt or equity securities, that 
the Company incurs in connection with a business 
combination are expensed as incurred.
 Any
 contingent consideration payable is measured 
at fair value at the acquisition date. If the contingent 
consideration is classified as equity, then it is not 
measured and settlement is accounted within 
equity. Otherwise, subsequent changes in the fair 
value of the contingent consideration are recognized 
in Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss and 
other comprehensive income.
 If th
e initial accounting for a business combination 
is incomplete by the end of the reporting year in 
which the business combination occurs, the Group 
reports in its consolidated financial statements 
provisional amounts for the items for which the 
accounting is incomplete. During the measurement 
year, the Group retrospectively adjusts the 
provisional amounts recognised at the acquisition 
date to reflect new information obtained about 
facts and circumstances that existed as of the 
acquisition date and, if known, would have affected 
the measurement of the amounts recognized as of 
that date.
 Busi
ness combination involving entities that are 
controlled by the group is accounted for at carrying 
value. No adjustments are made to reflect the fair 
values, or recognise any new assets or liabilities 
except to harmonise accounting policies. The 
financial information in the consolidated financial 
statements in respect of prior years is restated as 
if the business combination had occurred from the 
beginning of the preceding year in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, irrespective of the actual date 
of combination.
3.5.   Financial instruments
 A fi
nancial instrument is any contract that gives 
rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial 
liability or equity instrument of another entity. 
Financial instruments in the form of financial assets 
 Dep
osits and advances paid towards the acquisition 
of property, plant and equipment outstanding as of 
each reporting date and the cost of property, plant 
and equipment not available for use before such 
date are disclosed under capital advance.
 Subsequent costs
 The
 Group recognises the carrying amount of an 
item of property, plant and equipment, the cost of 
replacing part of such an item when that cost is 
incurred if it is probable that the future economic 
benefits embodied with the item will flow to the 
Group and the cost of the item can be measured 
reliably. All other costs are recognised in the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss and 
Other Comprehensive Income as an expense as 
incurred. Ongoing repairs and maintenance are 
expensed as incurred.
 Depreciation 
 Dep
reciation is charged on a straight-line basis 
over the estimated useful lives of items of property, 
plant and equipment. The estimated useful lives are 
as follows:
Asset 
classification 
Useful life as 
per Companies 
Act, 2013
Estimated 
useful life
Computers and 
accessories
3 years 3 years
Furniture and 
fittings
10 years 3-5 years
Office 
equipment
5 years 3-5 years
Vehicle 8 years 5-6 years
 Leas
ehold improvements are depreciated over 
the lease year or over the useful lives of assets, 
whichever is lower. The depreciation method, 
useful life and residual values are reviewed at 
each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate. 
Assets acquired through business combination are 
depreciated on straight line basis over the remaining 
useful life of asset estimated by the management 
on the date of acquisition. The asset category and 
the useful lives estimated by management are 
within schedule II of Companies Act, 2013, except 
furniture and fittings and vehicles.
3.3.   Goodwill, intangible assets and amortisation
 Goo
dwill on acquisition of a business is presented as 
an intangible asset and is measured at cost less any 
accumulated impairment loss. Internally generated 
goodwill is not recognised as an asset. Goodwill is 
not amortized and is tested for impairment annually. 
 Int
angible assets that are acquired by the Group 
and having finite useful life are measured initially 
at cost. After initial recognition, these are carried 
at cost less any accumulated amortization and any 
accumulated impairment loss.
 Sub
sequent expenditure is capitalized only when it 
increases the future economic benefits embodied in 
the specific asset to which it relates.
 Exp
enditure incurred on research activities, 
undertaken with the prospect of gaining 
new scientific or technical knowledge and 
understanding, is recognised in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss and Other 
Comprehensive Income as and when incurred. 
Development expenditure is capitalized only if 
development costs can be measured reliably, the 
product or process is technically and commercially 
feasible, future economic benefits are probable, and 
the Group intends to and has sufficient resources 
to complete development and to use the asset. 
Development activities involve a plan or design for 
the production of new or substantially improved 
products or processes.
 The 
expenditure capitalized includes the cost of 
materials, staff costs, overhead costs that are directly 
attributable to preparing the asset for its intended 
use, and directly attributable borrowing costs (in 
the same manner as in the case of property, plant 
and equipment). Other development expenditure is 
recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit 
and Loss and Other Comprehensive Income as and 
when incurred.
 Int
angible assets are amortized in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss and Other 
Comprehensive Income on a straight-line basis 
over their estimated useful lives, from the date that 
they are available for use, since this most closely 
reflects the expected pattern of consumption of the 
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
316 317

===== PDF PAGE 178 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
 Financial liabilities measured at amortiz ed cost
 Aft
er initial recognition, financial liabilities are 
subsequently measured at amortized cost using 
the effective interest method, except for contingent 
consideration recognized in a business combination 
which is subsequently measured at FVTPL. For 
trade and other payables, the carrying amounts 
approximate fair value due to the short-term 
maturity of these instruments.
 Compound financial instruments
 Com
pound financial instruments have both a 
financial liability and an equity component from the 
issuer’s perspective. The components are defined 
based on the terms of the financial instrument and 
presented and measured separately according to 
their substance. At initial recognition of a compound 
financial instrument, the financial liability component 
is recognised at fair value and the residual amount 
is allocated to equity.
 Derivative financial ins
truments
 All d
erivatives are recognized initially at fair value 
on the date a derivative contract is entered into and 
subsequently re-measured at fair value. Embedded 
derivatives are separated from the host contract 
and accounted for separately if they are not closely 
related to the host contract. The Group measures all 
derivative financial instruments based on fair values 
derived from market prices of the instruments or 
from option pricing models, as appropriate. Changes 
in the fair value of any derivative instruments that 
do not qualify for hedge accounting are recognized 
immediately in the consolidated statement of profit 
and loss, except for derivatives that are highly 
effective and qualify for cash flow or net investment 
hedge accounting.
 The 
Company, effective 01 January 2026, as part 
of its risk management strategy implemented cash 
flow hedge for its derivative instruments to limit 
the effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations as 
the Company is exposed to foreign exchange rate 
fluctuation on foreign currency assets, liabilities 
and forecasted cash flows denominated foreign 
currency. The Company uses forward contracts/
options to hedge its risk associated with foreign 
currency fluctuations relating to certain forecasted 
transactions. The Company designates some 
of these forward contracts/options as hedge 
instruments and accounts for them as cash flow 
hedges applying the recognition and measurement 
principles set out in Ind AS 109. The counter-
party to the Company’s foreign currency forward 
contracts is generally a bank. The Company 
does not use derivative financial instruments for 
speculative purposes. 
 Sub
sequent to initial recognition, derivative financial 
instruments are measured as described below.
 Cash flow hedges
 The 
Company designates certain derivative 
instruments as cash flow hedges to mitigate the risk 
of foreign exchange exposure on highly probable 
forecast transactions.
 Cha
nges in the fair value of the derivative hedging 
instruments designated as a cash flow hedge are 
recognized in other comprehensive income and 
held in cash flow hedging reserve, net of taxes, 
a component of equity, to the extent that the 
hedge is effective. To the extent that the hedge 
is ineffective, changes in fair value are recognized 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss and reported 
within foreign exchange gains/(losses), net, within 
results from operating activities. If the hedging 
instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge 
accounting, then hedge accounting is discontinued 
prospectively. If the hedging instrument expires or is 
sold, terminated or exercised, the cumulative gain or 
loss on the hedging instrument recognized in cash 
flow hedging reserve till the period the hedge was 
effective remains in cash flow hedging reserve until 
the forecasted transaction occurs. The cumulative 
gain or loss previously recognized in the cash flow 
hedging reserve is transferred to the statement of 
profit and loss upon the occurrence of the related 
forecasted transaction. If the forecasted transaction 
is no longer expected to occur, such cumulative 
balance is immediately recognized in the statement 
of profit and loss.
and financial liabilities are generally presented 
separately. Financial instruments are recognized 
on the Consolidated balance sheet when the Group 
becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument.
 Upo
n initial recognition, financial instruments are 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial 
instruments are recognized in determining the 
carrying amount, if it is not classified as at fair 
value through profit or loss. Subsequently, financial 
instruments are measured according to the category 
in which these are classified.
 Financial assets 
 Fin
ancial assets are classified into 
following categories:
-  Fin
ancial assets carried at amortised cost
-  Finan
cial assets fair valued through Other
Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
-  Fin
ancial assets at fair value through profit or
loss (FVTPL),
 Fin
ancial assets primarily comprise of trade 
receivables, loan and receivables, cash and bank 
balances, marketable securities and investments.
 The 
subsequent measurement of financial assets 
depends on their classification as follows:
 Financial assets carried at amortised cos
t
 A fin
ancial asset is subsequently measured at 
amortised cost if it meets both the following criteria:
(i)  the a
sset is held within a business model
whose objective is to hold the asset to collect
contractual cash flows, and
(ii
)  the 
contractual terms of the financial assets
give rise on a specified date to cash flows that
are solely payments of principal and interest
on the principal outstanding.
 Financial assets at fair v alue through Other 
Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
 A fin
ancial asset is subsequently measured at fair 
value through Other Comprehensive Income if it 
meets both the following criteria:
(i)  the a
sset is held within a business model
whose objective is achieved by both collecting
contractual cash flows and selling financial
assets, and
(ii)  the 
contractual terms of the financial asset give
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are
solely payments of principal and interest on
the principal amount outstanding.
 Fur
ther, in cases where the Group has made an 
irrevocable election based on its business model, 
for its investments which are classified as equity 
instruments, the subsequent changes in fair value 
are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income. 
For equity investments elected to be measured at 
FVTOCI, all fair value changes in the instruments 
excluding dividends, are recognised in OCI and 
is never recycled to Consolidated Statement of 
Profit and Loss, even on sale of the instrument. 
Interest income earned on FVTOCI instruments are 
recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit 
and Loss.
 Financial assets at fair v
alue through profit or loss 
(FVTPL)
 A fin
ancial asset which does not meet the amortised 
cost or FVTOCI criteria is measured as FVTPL. 
Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair 
value at the end of each reporting year, with any 
gains or losses on re-measurement recognised in 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss. The gain 
or loss on disposal is recognised in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss. Interest income 
earned on FVTPL instruments are recognised in 
the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
 Financial liabilities
 Fin
ancial liabilities are classified into financial 
liabilities at fair value though profit or loss and 
other financial liabilities. Financial liabilities primarily 
include trade payables, liabilities to banks, derivative 
financial liabilities and other liabilities.
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
318 319

===== PDF PAGE 179 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
 3.6.   Equit y
  
 Th
e transaction costs of an equity transaction are 
accounted for as a deduction from equity (net of 
any related income tax benefit) to the extent they 
are incremental costs directly attributable to the 
equity transaction that otherwise would have been 
avoided. Qualifying transaction costs incurred in 
anticipation of an issuance of equity instruments 
is deferred on the consolidated statement of 
assets and liabilities until the equity instrument 
is recognized. Deferred costs are subsequently 
reclassified as a deduction from equity when the 
equity instruments are recognized.
  
 Th
e transaction costs incurred with respect to 
the Initial Public Offer ("IPO") of the Indegene 
Limited ("Holding Company") is recognized as an 
asset to the extent recoverable from the selling 
shareholders. The remaining costs are allocated 
between new issue of shares and listing of existing 
equity shares. The costs attributable to listing of 
existing shares is recognized in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit or Loss. The remaining costs 
attributable to new issuance of shares is deferred 
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and recognized 
in equity once the instrument is issued.
 3.7.  
 Tr
easury shares
  
 Ow
n equity instruments that are reacquired 
(treasury shares) are recognized at cost and 
deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognized 
in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or 
cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments. 
Any difference between the carrying amount and 
the consideration, if reissued, is recognized in 
other reserve.
 3.8.  
 Employ
ee benefits
  (i)  
 Pos
t-employment benefits
    Defined 
contribution plans
  
  A de
fined contribution plan is a post-
employment benefit plan under which an 
entity pays fixed contributions into a separate 
entity and will have no legal or constructive 
obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations 
for contributions to defined contribution 
pension plans are recognised as an employee 
benefit expense in Consolidated Statement 
of Profit and Loss and Other Comprehensive 
Income in the years during which services are 
rendered by employees. Prepaid contributions 
are recognised as an asset to the extent that a 
cash refund or a reduction in future payments 
is available. Contributions to a defined 
contribution plan that is due more than 12 
months after the end of the year in which the 
employees render the service are discounted 
to their present value.
    Defined 
benefit plans
  
  Th
e Group’s gratuity benefit scheme is a 
defined benefit plan. Gratuity benefits are 
unfunded. The Group’s obligation in respect 
of a defined benefit plan is calculated by 
estimating the amount of future benefit that 
employees have earned in return for their 
service in the current and prior years; that 
benefit is discounted to determine its present 
value. Any unrecognized past service cost and 
the fair value of any plan assets are deducted. 
The calculation of the Group’s obligation is 
performed annually by a qualified actuary 
using the projected unit credit method. The 
Group recognizes all actuarial gains and 
losses arising from defined benefit plans 
immediately in consolidated statement of 
other comprehensive income, net of taxes. All 
expenses related to defined benefit plans are 
recognized in employee benefit expense in the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss. 
When the benefits of a plan are improved, 
the portion of the increased benefit related 
to past service by employees is recognized 
in Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
on a straight-line basis over the average year 
until the benefits become vested. The Group 
recognizes gains and losses on the curtailment 
or settlement of a defined benefit plan when 
the curtailment or settlement occurs.
   Others
  
 Chan
ges in fair value of foreign currency derivative 
instruments not designated as cash flow hedges 
are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss 
and reported within foreign exchange gains, net.
  
 De-r
ecognition of financial assets and liabilities
  
 Th
e Group derecognizes a financial asset only when 
the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expires or it transfers the financial 
asset and the transfer qualifies for derecognition 
under Ind AS 109. If the Group retains substantially 
all the risks and rewards of ownership of a 
transferred financial asset, the Group continues to 
recognize the financial asset and also recognizes a 
borrowing for the proceeds received.
  
 A 
financial liability (or a part of financial liability) 
is derecognised from the Group’s Consolidated 
Balance Sheet when obligation specified in the 
contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.
  
 Off
setting of financial instruments
  
 Fi
nancial assets and financial liabilities are offset 
with the net amount reported in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet only if there is a current enforceable 
legal right to offset the recognised amounts and an 
intent to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets 
and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
   Impairment
  (a)  
 Financial assets
  
  In
d AS 109 requires the Group to record expected 
credit losses on all of its financial assets which are 
debt securities, loans and receivables, either on 
a 12-month or life time expected credit losses. 
The Group recognises loss allowances using the 
expected credit loss (ECL) model for the financial 
assets which are not fair valued through profit 
or loss. Loss allowance for trade receivable with 
no significant financing component is measured 
at an amount equal to life time ECL. For all other 
financial assets, ECL are measured at an amount 
equal to 12-month ECL, unless there is a significant 
increase in the credit risk from initial recognition in 
which case those are measured at lifetime ECL. 
The amount of expected credit losses (or reversal) 
that is required to adjust the loss allowance at the 
reporting date to the amount that is required to be 
recognized is recognized as an impairment gain or 
loss in Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
  (b)  
 Non-financial assets
  
  Th
e Group assesses whether there are any 
indicators of impairment for all non-financial 
assets at each reporting date. Goodwill and 
intangible assets with indefinite economic 
lives are tested for impairment annually and 
at other times when such indicators exist. 
  
  Ot
her non-financial assets are tested for 
impairment when there are indicators that the 
carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
  
  Im
pairment exists when the carrying value 
of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable 
amount, which is the higher of its fair value less 
costs of disposal and its value in use. Where 
it is not possible to estimate the recoverable 
amount of an individual asset, the Company 
estimates the recoverable amount of the CGU 
to which the asset belongs. Impairment loss are 
allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of 
any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to 
reduce carrying amounts of the other assets in 
the CGU on a pro rata basis. The value in use 
calculation is based on a discounted cash flow 
(‘DCF’) model. The cash flows are derived from 
the internal forecasts for future years. These 
do not include restructuring activities that the 
Group is not yet committed to or significant 
future investments that will enhance the 
asset’s performance or the CGU being tested 
for impairment. The recoverable amount is 
sensitive to the discount rate used for the 
DCF model as well as the expected future 
cash-inflows and the long-term growth rates. 
These estimates are most relevant to goodwill 
recognized by the Group. An impairment 
loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed 
in subsequent years. An impairment loss is 
recognised in the Consolidated Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
320 321

===== PDF PAGE 180 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
 Pro visions for onerous contracts are recognised 
when the expected benefits to be derived by 
the Group from a contract are lower than the 
unavoidable costs of meeting the future obligations 
under the contract. Provisions for onerous contracts 
are measured at the present value of lower of the 
expected net cost of fulfilling the contract and the 
expected cost of terminating the contract.
3.10.  Re
venue
 Rev
enue is recognized upon transfer of control 
of promised products or services to customers 
in an amount that reflects the consideration the 
Group expects to receive in exchange for those 
products or services. To recognize revenues, the 
Group applies the following five step approach: (1) 
identify the contract with a customer, (2) identify 
the performance obligations in the contract, (3) 
determine the transaction price, (4) allocate the 
transaction price to the performance obligations in 
the contract, and (5) recognize revenues when a 
performance obligation is satisfied.
 At co
ntract inception, the Group assesses its 
promise to transfer products or services to a 
customer to identify separate performance 
obligations. The Group applies judgement to 
determine whether each product or service 
promised to a customer is capable of being distinct, 
and are distinct in the context of the contract, if not, 
the promised products or services are combined 
and accounted as a single performance obligation. 
The Group allocates the arrangement consideration 
to separately identifiable performance obligation 
based on their relative stand-alone selling price 
or residual method. Stand-alone selling prices are 
determined based on sale prices for the components 
when it is regularly sold separately, in cases where 
the Group is unable to determine the stand-alone 
selling price the Group uses third-party prices for 
similar deliverables or the Group uses expected 
cost-plus margin approach in estimating the stand-
alone selling price.
 For
 performance obligations where control is 
transferred over time, revenues are recognized 
by measuring progress towards completion of 
the performance obligation. The selection of the 
method to measure progress towards completion 
requires judgment and is based on the nature of the 
promised products or services to be provided.
 The 
method for recognizing revenues and costs 
depends on the nature of the services rendered.
A.  Time and materials contracts
 Rev
enues and costs relating to time and
materials are recognized as the related
services are rendered.
B.  Fixed-price contrac
ts
 Rev
enues related to fixed-price contracts
namely maintenance and testing and business 
process services are recognized based on
the Group's right to invoice for services
performed for contracts in which the invoicing 
is representative of the value being delivered.
When services are performed through an
indefinite number of repetitive acts over a
specified year, revenue is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the specified year
unless some other method better represents
the stage of completion.
 In c
ertain projects, a fixed quantum of service
or output units is agreed at a fixed price for
a fixed term. Revenue is recognized based
on the achievement of the output. Any
residual service unutilized by the customer
is recognized as revenue on completion of
the term.
 Rev
enue from other fixed price contracts
is recognized using the percentage-of-
completion method, calculated as the
proportion of the cost of effort incurred up
to the reporting date to estimated cost of
total effort.
 A co
ntract asset is a right to consideration
that is conditional upon factors other than the
passage of time. Contract assets primarily
relate to unbilled amounts on fixed-price
development contracts and are classified as
non-financial asset as the contractual right to
consideration is dependent on completion of
contractual milestones.
 Compensated absences 
 The 
employees can carry-forward a portion of 
the unutilized accrued compensated absences 
and utilize it in future service years or receive 
cash compensation on termination of 
employment. The Group records an obligation 
for such compensated absences in the year 
in which the employee renders the services 
that increase this entitlement. The obligation 
is measured on the basis of independent 
actuarial valuation using the projected unit 
credit method. Since the Group does not 
have rights to defer the leave availment by 
the employees, the entire obligation has been 
classified as 'current liabilities' under 'short-
term provisions'.
 Termination bene
fits
 Ter
mination benefits are recognised as an 
expense when, as a result of a past event, the 
Group has a present obligation that can be 
estimated reliably, and it is probable that an 
outflow of economic benefits will be required 
to settle the obligation.
(ii)  Other long term benefits
 The
 Group’s net obligation in respect of long-
term employee benefits is the amount of future 
benefit that employees have earned in return
for their service in the current and future
years. That benefit is discounted to determine
its present value. Re-measurements are
recognised in Consolidated Statement of Profit 
and Loss in the year in which they arise.
(iii)  Short-term emplo
yee benefits
 Emp
loyee benefits payable wholly within
twelve months of receiving employee services 
are classified as short term employee benefits.
These benefits include salaries and wages,
bonus and ex-gratia. The undiscounted
amount of short-term employee benefits to
be paid in exchange for employee services
is recognized as an expense as the related
service is rendered by employee.
(iv)  Share-based payment tr ansactions 
 The 
cost of equity settled transactions with
employees is measured by reference to the fair 
value of the date on which the share options
are granted. The expense is recognised in the
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
with a corresponding increase to the share
options outstanding account, a component
of equity.
 The 
equity instruments generally vest in a
graded manner over the vesting year. The fair
value determined at the grant date is expensed 
over the vesting year of the respective tranches 
of such grants (accelerated amortization). The
stock compensation expense is determined
based on the Group’s estimate of equity
instruments or cash settled instruments that
will eventually vest.
 At ea
ch reporting date, the Group reviews its
estimates of the number of options that are
expected to become exercisable on vesting
date. The Group recognises the impact of the
revision of original estimates, if any, in the
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
and Other Comprehensive Income, and a
corresponding adjustment to equity over the
vesting year.
3.9.   Pr
ovisions
 A pro
vision is recognised in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet when the Group has a present legal 
or constructive obligation as a result of a past event 
that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that 
an outflow of economic benefits will be required to 
settle the obligation. 
 Prov
isions are determined by discounting the 
expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the liability. 
The unwinding of the discount is recognised as 
finance cost. The amount recognised as a provision 
is the best estimate of the consideration required 
to settle the present obligation at the end of the 
reporting year, taking into account the risks and 
uncertainties surrounding the obligation.
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
322 323

===== PDF PAGE 181 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
    Re venues in excess of invoicing are classified 
as contract assets (which we refer as unbilled 
revenue - refer note 12) while invoicing in 
excess of revenues are classified as contract 
liabilities (which we refer to as unearned 
revenues - refer note 20).
    Interes
t income
  
  In
terest income is recognised using the 
effective interest method. Dividend income is 
recognised when the right to receive payment 
is established.
 3.11.  L
eases
  
 Th
e Group’s lease asset classes primarily consists 
of leases for office premises. The Group assesses 
whether a contract contains a lease, at inception 
of a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if 
the contract conveys the right to control the use of 
an identified asset for a year of time in exchange 
for consideration. To assess whether a contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an identified 
asset, the Group assesses whether: (1) the contract 
involves the use of an identified asset (2) the Group 
has substantially all of the economic benefits from 
use of the asset through the year of the lease and 
(3) the Group has the right to direct the use of the 
asset. At the date of commencement of the lease, 
the Group recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) 
and a corresponding lease liability for all lease 
arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for 
leases with a term of twelve months or less (short-
term leases) and low value leases. For these short-
term and low value leases, the Group recognizes 
the lease payments as an operating expense on a 
straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
  
 Th
e Group determines the lease term as the 
noncancellable year of a lease, together with years 
covered by an option to extend the lease, where the 
Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option. 
The Group makes an assessment on the expected 
lease term on a lease-by-lease basis. In evaluating 
the lease term, the Group considers factors 
such as any significant leasehold improvements 
undertaken during the lease term, cost relating 
to the termination of the lease and location of the 
underlying assets and the availability of suitable 
alternatives. The lease term in future years is 
reassessed to ensured that the lease term reflects 
the current economic circumstances.
  
 Th
e ROU assets are initially recognized at cost, 
which comprises the initial amount of the lease 
liability adjusted for any lease payments made 
at or prior to the commencement date of the 
lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease 
incentives. They are subsequently measured at 
cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment 
losses. ROU assets are depreciated from the 
commencement date on a straight-line basis over 
the shorter of the lease term and useful life of the 
underlying asset. The Group applies Ind AS 36 to 
determine whether a ROU asset is impaired and 
accounts for the identified impairment loss, if any.
  
 Th
e lease liability is initially measured at amortized 
cost at the present value of the future lease 
payments. The lease payments are discounted 
using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if 
not readily determinable, using the incremental 
borrowing rates in the country of domicile of these 
leases. Lease liabilities are remeasured with a 
corresponding adjustment to the related right of 
use asset if the Group changes its assessment 
if whether it will exercise an extension or a 
termination option.
  
 Le
ase liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and 
lease payments have been classified as financing 
cash flows.
 3.
12.  Finance cost
  
 Fi
nance costs comprises of interest expenses 
including interest on tax.
 3.
13.  Income tax
  
 Ta
x expense comprises current and deferred tax. 
Current tax and deferred tax expense is recognised 
in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
and Other Comprehensive Income except to the 
extent that it relates to items recognised directly 
in equity.
    A co ntract liability is an entity’s obligation to 
transfer goods or services to a customer for 
which the entity has received consideration (or 
the amount is due) from the customer.
  
  Un
billed revenues on other than fixed price 
development contracts are classified as a 
financial asset where the right to consideration 
is unconditional upon passage of time.
    Volume 
based contracts
  
  Re
venues and costs are recognized as the 
related services are rendered.
  C
.   Others
  
  An
y change in scope or price is considered as 
a contract modification. The Group accounts 
for modifications to existing contracts by 
assessing whether the services added are 
distinct and whether the pricing is at the 
stand-alone selling price. Services added 
that are not distinct are accounted for on a 
cumulative catch up basis, while those that are 
distinct are accounted for prospectively, either 
as a separate contract if the additional services 
are priced at the stand-alone selling price, or 
as a termination of the existing contract and 
creation of a new contract if not priced at the 
stand-alone selling price. 
  
  Re
venue from sale of services is measured 
based on the transaction price, which is 
the consideration, adjusted for variable 
considerations like, volume discounts, 
rebates and pricing incentives to customers 
as reduction of revenue on a systematic and 
rational basis over the year of the contract. 
The Group estimates an amount of such 
variable consideration using expected value 
method or the single most likely amount in 
a range of possible consideration depending 
on which method better predicts the amount 
of consideration to which the Group may 
be entitled.
  
  Re
venues are shown net of allowances/
returns, sales tax, value added tax, goods and 
services tax and applicable discounts.
    Th e Group accrues the estimated cost of 
warranties at the time when the revenue is 
recognized. The accruals are based on the 
Group’s historical experience of material usage 
and service delivery costs.
  
  In
cremental costs that relate directly to a 
contract and incurred in securing a contract 
with a customer are recognized as an asset 
when the Group expects to recover these 
costs and amortized over the contract term.
  
  Th
e Group recognizes contract fulfilment cost 
as an asset if those costs specifically relate to 
a contract or to an anticipated contract, the 
costs generate or enhance resources that will 
be used in satisfying performance obligations 
in future; and the costs are expected to 
be recovered. The asset so recognized is 
amortized on a systematic basis consistent 
with the transfer of goods or services to 
customer to which the asset relates.
  
  Th
e Group assesses the timing of the transfer 
of goods or services to the customer as 
compared to the timing of payments to 
determine whether a significant financing 
component exists. As a practical expedient, 
the Group does not assess the existence of 
a significant financing component when the 
difference between payment and transfer of 
deliverables is a year or less. If the difference 
in timing arises for reasons other than the 
provision of finance to either the customer or 
us, no financing component is deemed to exist.
  
  Th
e Group may enter into arrangements with 
third party suppliers to resell products or 
services. In such cases, the Group evaluates 
whether the Group is the principal (i.e. report 
revenues on a gross basis) or agent (i.e. report 
revenues on a net basis). In doing so, the Group 
first evaluates whether the Group controls the 
good or service before it is transferred to the 
customer. If the Group controls the good or 
service before it is transferred to the customer, 
the Group is the principal; if not, the Group is 
the agent. 
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
324 325

===== PDF PAGE 182 =====
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
   Wh en measuring the fair value of an asset or a 
liability, the Group uses observable market data 
as far as possible. If the inputs used to measure 
the fair value of an asset or a liability fall into 
different levels of the fair value hierarchy, then 
the fair value measurement is categorized in its 
entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy 
as the lowest level input that is significant to the 
entire measurement.
 3.
15. Contingent liabilit
y and asset
  
 A d
isclosure for contingent liabilities is made where 
there is a possible obligation that arises from past 
events and whose existence will be confirmed only 
by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more 
uncertain future events not wholly within the control 
of the entity. A contingent asset is a possible asset 
that arises from past events and whose existence 
will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-
occurrence of one or more uncertain future events 
not wholly within the control of the entity.
 3.
16.  Earnings per share
  
 Ba
sic earnings per share is computed using 
the weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year adjusted for treasury 
shares held. Diluted earnings per share is computed 
using the weighted-average number of equity and 
dilutive equivalent shares outstanding during the 
year, using the treasury stock method for options 
and warrants, except where the results would be 
anti-dilutive.
 3.
17.  Cash flo
w statement
  
 Ca
sh flows are reported using the indirect method, 
whereby profit for the year is adjusted for the 
effects of transactions of a non-cash nature, any 
deferrals or accruals of past or future operating 
cash receipts or payments and item of income or 
expenses associated with investing or financing 
cash flows. The cash from operating, investing and 
financing activities of the Group are segregated.
 3.
18.  Segment 
reporting
  
 Op
erating segments are reported in a manner 
consistent with the internal reporting provided to 
the chief operating decision maker (CODM). The 
Group has identified three reportable segment 
based on the dominant source, nature of risks 
and return and the internal organisation and 
management structure and for which discrete 
financial information is available. The CODM 
monitors the operating results of the segments for 
the purpose of making decisions about resource 
allocation and performance assessment. Refer note 
26 for segment information.
 3.
19.  Excep
tional items
  
 Th
e Group considers exceptional items to be those 
which derive from events or transactions which 
are significant for separate disclosure by virtue of 
their size or incidence in order for the user to obtain 
a proper understanding of the Group's financial 
performance. These items include, but are not 
limited to, acquisition costs, restructuring costs 
and profits and losses on disposal of subsidiaries, 
contingent consideration and other one off items 
which meet this definition. To provide a better 
understanding of the underlying results of the 
year, exceptional items are reported separately in 
the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
 3.
20.  Curr
ent versus non-current classification
  
 Th
e Group presents assets and liabilities in the 
balance sheet based on current/non-current 
classification. An asset is treated as current when 
it is:
  -   Ex
pected to be realized or intended to be sold 
or consumed in normal operating cycle
  -  
 He
ld primarily for the purpose of trading
  -   Ex
pected to be settled within twelve months 
after the reporting year or
  -   Ca
sh or cash equivalents unless restricted 
from being exchanged or used to settle a 
liability for at least twelve months after the 
reporting year.
  
 Al
l other assets are classified as non-current.
  
 A li
ability is current when:
  -   It i
s expected to be settled in normal operating 
cycle or due to be settled within twelve months 
after the reporting year
  -  
 It i
s held primarily for the purpose of trading
   Cur rent income tax assets and liabilities are 
measured at the amount expected to be recovered 
from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax 
rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are 
those that are enacted or substantively enacted at 
the reporting date in the countries where the Group 
operates and generates taxable income.
  
 Cu
rrent income tax relating to items recognised 
directly in equity is recognised in equity and not 
in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss. 
Management periodically evaluates positions 
taken in the tax returns with respect to situations 
in which applicable tax regulations are subject 
to interpretation and establishes provisions 
where appropriate.
  
 De
ferred tax is provided using the liability method 
on temporary differences between the tax bases of 
assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for 
financial reporting purposes at the reporting date. 
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to be applied to temporary differences 
when they reverse, using tax rates enacted or 
substantively enacted at the reporting date.
  
 De
ferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable 
temporary differences, except:
  •   Wh
en the deferred tax liability arises from 
the initial recognition of goodwill or an 
asset or liability in a transaction that is not a 
business combination and, at the time of the 
transaction, affects neither the accounting 
profit nor taxable profit or loss.
  •   In r
espect of taxable temporary differences 
associated with investments in subsidiaries, 
associates and interests in joint arrangements, 
when the timing of the reversal of the 
temporary differences can be controlled and 
it is probable that the temporary differences 
will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
  
 A d
eferred tax asset is recognised for unused 
tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that 
future taxable profits will be available against 
which they can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are 
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that the 
related tax benefit will be realised.
  
 De
ferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there 
is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax 
liabilities and assets, and they relate to taxes levied 
by the same tax authority on the same taxable 
entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend 
to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a 
net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be 
realised simultaneously.
 3.
14.  Determination o
f fair values
  
 Fa
ir value is the price that would be received to sell 
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date, regardless of whether that price 
is directly observable or estimated using another 
valuation technique. 
  
 In e
stimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, 
the Group considers the characteristics of the asset 
or liability if market participants would take those 
characteristics into account when pricing the asset 
or liability at the measurement date. 
  
 Fo
r financial reporting purposes, fair value 
measurements are categorized into Level 1, 2, 
or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to 
the fair value measurements are observable and 
the significance of the inputs to the fair value 
measurement in its entirety, which are described 
as follows:
   -  
 Le
vel 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) 
in active markets for identical assets or 
liabilities that the Group can access at the 
measurement date.
   -
   Le
vel 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted 
prices included within Level 1, that are 
observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived 
from prices), and
   -
   Le
vel 3 inputs for the asset or liability 
that are not based on unobservable data 
(unobservable inputs).
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
326 327

===== PDF PAGE 183 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Material Accounting Policies to Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated)
4a. Property, plant and equipment
Particulars Computer and 
accessories#
Office 
equipment
Furniture 
and fixtures
Vehicles Leasehold 
Improvements
Total
Gross carrying value
As at 01 April 2024  913  57  71  2  232  1,275 
Additions  198  15  7  9  15  244 
Acquisition through business 
combinations (refer note 7a)
-   13  -   -    -    13 
Disposals (131) (4) (2) -   (23) (160)
Translation adjustment*  5  1  2  1  2  11 
As at 31 March 2025  985  82  78  12  226  1,383 
Additions  224  21  0 -   156  401 
Acquisition through business 
combinations (refer note 7b and 7c)
 13  4  -   -    1  18 
Disposals (0) -   -    (5)  -    (5)
Translation adjustment
*  33  4  7  2  11  57 
As at 31 March 2026  1,255  111  85  9  394  1,854 
Accumulated depreciation
As at 01 April 2024  711  37  48  2  137  935 
Depreciation  137  9  9  3  26  184 
Acquisition through business 
combinations (refer note 7a)
-   10  -   -    -    10 
Disposals (127) (4) (2) -   (24) (157)
Translation adjustment*  5  2  1 ^  1  9 
As at 31 March 2025  726  54  56  5  140  981 
Depreciation  160  14  10  4  47  234 
Acquisition through business 
combinations (refer note 7b and 7c)
 11  -   -    -   -    11 
Disposals (0) -   -    (4)  -    (4)
Translation adjustment
*  28  3  6  1  7  46 
As at 31 March 2026  925  71  72  6  194  1,268 
Carrying amounts (net)
As at 01 April 2024  202  20  23 -   95  340 
As at 31 March 2025  259  28  22  7  86  402 
As at 31 March 2026  330  40  13  3  200  586 
  #Computer and accessories also includes software purchase as a part of computers and laptops.
 *Adjustments represent amount of foreign exchange fluctuation on conversion of foreign operations.
 N o t e s :
1.  Pro
perty, plant and equipment have been offered as security against the working capital facilities provided by the
bank (refer note 27).
4b.   Capital work
-in-progress 
 As o
f 31 March 2026, Capital work -in-progress is ₹118 (2025 : ₹36). There are no projects as on 31 March 2026 where the 
project timelines are overdue or exceeded its cost compared to its original plan and where the ageing is more than 1 year from 
balance sheet date.
-  The
re is no unconditional right to defer the
settlement of the liability for at least twelve
months after the reporting year
 The 
Group classifies all other liabilities as non-
current.
 Def
erred tax assets and liabilities are classified as 
non-current assets and liabilities.
 The 
operating cycle is the time between the 
acquisition of assets for processing and their 
realization in cash and cash equivalents. The 
Group has identified year of twelve months as its 
operating cycle.
3.2
1.  Recent accounting developments
 Min
istry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standards or amendments to the existing standards 
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules as issued from time to time. 
i.  New amendments adopted b
y the Group effective
from 1 April 2025:
 In M
ay 2025, MCA notified amendments to Ind AS
21 – The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange
Rates, applicable w.e.f 01 April 2025. The Group
has reviewed the amendment and based on the
evaluation it has determined that it does not have
any significant impact on the financial statements.
 In Au
gust 2025, MCA notified the following
amendments to:
a)  Ind 
AS 1 – Presentation of Financial
Statements, applicable w.e.f 01 April 2025. The 
amendment relates to clarify the classification
of liabilities as current or non-current and
the treatment of non-current liabilities with
covenants. In classifying a liability as current,
it removes the requirement of existence of a
right to defer settlement for at least 12 months 
after the reporting date and instead requires
that the said right should exist on the reporting 
date and have substance. The amendment 
also introduces guidance on classification of 
liabilities with covenants. The Group based 
on the evaluation has determined that it does 
have any impact due to these amendments 
in classification criteria of current and non-
current liabilities. 
b)  Ind 
AS 7 - Statement of Cash Flows and Ind
AS 107 – Financial Instruments : Disclosures,
applicable w.e.f 01 April 2025. The amendment 
in Ind AS 7 requires to inform users of financial 
statements of the existence of supplier
finance arrangements and explain the nature
of arrangements, the carrying amount of
liabilities and the range of payment due
dates. Ind AS 107 has been amended to add
supplier finance arrangements as a factor that
may cause concentration of liquidity risk. The
Group based on the evaluation has determined 
that these amendments does not have any
significant impact on the financial statements.
c)  Ind 
AS 12 – Income Taxes, International Tax
Reform – Pillar two Model Rules appliable
immediately. The amendments provide a
temporary mandatory relief from deferred
tax accounting for top-up tax disclose that
they have applied for relief. The Group based
on the evaluation has determined that these
amendments does not have any significant
impact on the financial statements.
ii. New amendments not y
et adopted:
 Min
istry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies 
new standards or amendments to the
existing standards under Companies (Indian
Accounting Standards) Rules as issued
from time to time. For the year ended 31
March 2026, MCA has not notified any new
standards or amendments to the existing
standards applicable to the Company which
are not yet adopted.
Financial Statement
329
ConsolidatedIndegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26328

===== PDF PAGE 184 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
 The movement in lease liabilities is as follows:
Movement of lease liabilities Year ended
31 March 2026
Year ended
31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year  1,016  865 
Acquisition through business combinations  66  37 
Additions  672  358 
Accretion of interest  76  54 
Deletions*  (65)  -   
Payment of lease liabilities (399) (317)
Translation difference  78  19 
Balance as at end of the year  1,444  1,016 
 *includes modification of lease liability of ₹ 13
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Current  394  292 
Non-current  1,050  724 
 1,444  1,016 
 The d
etails of the contractual maturities of lease liabilities on an undiscounted basis are as follows:  
Maturity analysis – contractual undiscounted cash flows As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Less than one year  475  292 
One to five years  1,134  829 
More than five years  24  12 
 1,633  1,133 
 The
 Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to 
meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.  
 Dur
ing the period ended 31 March 2026, the Group incurred expenses amounting to ₹ 67 (31 March 2025 : ₹48) towards 
short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, for which the recognition exemption has been applied and these have 
therefore been charged to the Consolidated Statement of  Profit and Loss.  
 The t
able below provides details regarding amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss:
Period ended
31 March 2026
Period ended
31 March 2025
Amortisation on ROU  366  274 
Interest on lease liabilities  76  54 
 442  328 
5.  Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
 Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented below:
Buildings Total
Gross Block
As at 01 April 2024  1,691  1,691 
Additions  363  363 
Acquisition through business combinations (refer note 7a)  37  37 
Disposal (32) (32)
Translation adjustments*  27  27 
As at 31 March 2025  2,086  2,086 
Additions  699  699 
Acquisition through business combinations  64  64 
Disposal (389) (389)
Other Adjustment (13) (13)
Translation adjustments*  117  117 
As at 31 March 2026  2,564  2,564 
Accumulated depreciation:
As at 01 April 2024  887  887 
Amortisation  274  274 
Disposal (32) (32)
Translation adjustments
*  10  10 
As at 31 March 2025  1,139  1,139 
Amortisation  366  366 
Disposal (343) (343)
Other Adjustment  -   -   
Translation adjustments*  48  48 
As at 31 March 2026  1,210  1,210 
Net Carrying Value
As at 01 April 2024  804  804 
As at 31 March 2025  947  947 
As at 31 March 2026  1,354  1,354 
 *Adjustments represent amount of foreign exchange fluctuation on conversion of foreign operations.
 Lease contracts entered into by the Group pertains to buildings taken on lease to conduct its business in the ordinary 
co
urse. These arrangements generally range between 2 - 7 years, with an option to renew the lease after that date. Certain 
leases have restrictions on further sub-leasing.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
330 331
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 185 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
 Goodwill Impairment testing:
 The 
key assumptions used for the calculations of Value in use for the key segment for year ended March 31, 2026 are 
as follows.
Particulars Enterprise 
Commercial 
Solution
Enterprise  
Medical  
Solutions
Terminal value long-term growth rate(1) 5.00% 5.00%
Pre-tax discount rate(2) 12.50% 12.0%
Estimated cash flows  5 years  5 years 
 The 
key assumptions used for the calculations of Value in use for the key segment for year ended March 31, 2025 are 
as follows.
Particulars Enterprise Medical 
Solutions
Omnichannel 
Activation
Terminal value long-term growth rate(1) 2.40% 4.90%
Pre-tax discount rate(2) 12.50% 17.2%
Estimated cash flows  5 years  5 years 
 (1)The cash flow projections includes estimates for five years and a terminal growth rate thereafter. The terminal growth rate has been
determined based on the Management’s estimate of the industry growth and  the annual revenue growth rate, consistent with the
assumptions that a market participant would make. Revenue growth has been projected taking into account the average growth levels 
experienced over the past years and the estimated sales volume and price growth for the coming years. Operating Margin for future
year’s is based on the Management estimates taking into the experiences over the past years.
 (2)Discount rate reflects the current market assessment of the risks specific to a Cash Generating Units (CGUs) based on the weighted
average cost of capital for respective CGUs.
Note:
1.  The 
Group performs test for goodwill impairment at least annually, or if indicators of impairment arise, such as the effects
of obsolescence, demand, competition and other economic factors or on occurrence of an event or change in circumstances
that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below its carrying amount. When determining the fair value, we
utilize various assumptions, including operating results, business plans and projections of future cash flows. Any adverse
changes in key assumptions about our businesses and their prospects or an adverse change in market conditions may
cause a change in the estimation of fair value and could result in an impairment charge.
 The 
recoverable amount tests of CGUs are based on value-in-use, which are determined based on five year business
plans that have been approved by management for internal purposes. The said planning horizon reflects the assumptions
for short-to-mid term market developments. Considering this and the consistent use of such robust five-year information
for management reporting purposes, the Group uses five-year plans for the purpose of impairment testing. Management
believes that this planning horizon reflects the assumptions for the expected performance in the markets in which the
Group operates.
2.
 Dur
ing the transition to Ind AS from previous GAAP, the Group had elected Ind AS 101 exemption to continue with the
carrying value for all of its other intangible assets and goodwill at deemed cost.
3.  The 
Group has conducted an analysis of the sensitivity of the impairment test to changes in the key assumptions used
to determine the recoverable amount for the CGUs to which goodwill is allocated. The management believes that any
6.  Other intangible assets and goodwill
 The movement in intangible assets is given below:
Particulars Goodwill Other intangible assets Total other 
intangible 
assets
Total other 
intangible 
assets and 
goodwill
Trademarks Technologies, 
customer 
relationship and 
non-compete
Internally 
developed 
software
Brand
Gross carrying amount
As at 01 April 2024  4,241  238  2,465  41 -   2,744  6,985 
Acquisition through business 
combinations
 143 -   176  -   -    176  319 
Translation adjustment  115  5  62  -   -    67  182 
As at 31 March 2025  4,499  243  2,703  41 -   2,987  7,486 
Acquisition through business 
combinations (refer note 7b 
and 7c)
 6,962 -   3,198 -   85  3,283  10,244 
Translation adjustment  910  17  461 -   5  483  1,393 
As at 31 March 2026  12,371  260  6,362  41  90  6,753  19,123 
Accumulated amortisation/ 
impairment
*
As at 01 April 2024  911  107  612  41 -   760  1,671 
Amortisation -   37  309  -   -    346  346 
Translation adjustment  23  2  17  -   -    19  42 
As at 31 March 2025  934  146  938  41 -   1,125  2,059 
Amortisation -   39  611 -   14  664  664 
Translation adjustment  94  11  119 -   1  131  225 
As at 31 March 2026  1,028  196  1,668  41  15  1,920  2,948 
Carrying amounts (net)
As at 01 April 2024  3,330  131  1,853  -   -    1,984  5,314 
As at 31 March 2025  3,565  97  1,765  -   -    1,862  5,427 
As at 31 March 2026  11 343  64  4,694 -   75  4,833  16,176 
 (*) Impairment is applicable for goodwill.
  Acquisition through business combinations for the year ended 31 March 2026 includes goodwill and intangible assets 
re
cognized on the acquisition of BioPharm Parent Holding Inc., (‘BioPharm”), Warn & Co., and Cake Kommunications 
GmbH (“Cake GmbH”) and for the year ended 31 March 2025 includes goodwill and intangible assets recognized on the 
acquisition of MJL Communications Group Ltd. Also refer note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
 The 
Management of the Company has considered operating segments as the CGU, i.e., the lowest level at which 
independent cash inflows are generated and performances are monitored by the management. The Carrying value of 
goodwill is allocated to following cash generating units (CGU) as follows:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Enterprise Commercial Solutions  9,749  135 
Brand Activation (formerly Omnichannel Activation)* -   2,145
Enterprise Medical Solutions  1,264  1,092 
Other
s(*)  330  193 
 11,343  3,565 
 (*)Includes goodwill related to consulting business.
 *As referred in Note 26, during the year the Group has reorganised its segments by merging Brand Activation Segment as part of
Enterprise Commercial Solutions (“ECS”) in line with the manner in which the Chief operating decision maker reviews and evaluates
performance of the business of the Group on account of synergies in operations between the two segments. Pursuant to the above,
in accordance with the requirement specified in Ind AS 36, the goodwill which was earlier allocated to the Brand activtion CGU has
been regrouped to ECS CGU and impairment assessment for the same has been done at the ECS CGU level during the current year as
compared to Brand Activation CGU level during the previous year.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
332 333
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 186 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
b)  BioPharm Parent Holding Inc . (“Biopharm”)
 On 3
0 September 2025, the Group has entered into a stock purchase agreement with BioPharm Parent Holding Inc.,
(“BioPharm”) and Engage Acquisition Corp. (“Seller”) to acquire 100% interest in BioPharm a specialized marketing
services agency, part of Omnicom Health Group, for an aggregate purchase consideration of ₹ 8,821 million (USD
99.77 million), including deferred and contingent earn out consideration.
 Fur
ther On 01 October 2025, the Group had obtained control of BioPharm. The Company is a full-service, healthcare
marketing agency which helps brand teams at pharmaceutical and biotech companies execute customized marketing 
campaigns through a comprehensive portfolio of proprietary program offerings. The acquisition was consummated for
a consideration of ₹ 8,821 million which includes earnout payment of ₹ 2,134 million. The contingent consideration is
based on the performance of Biopharm during the fiscal year 2025 and 2026 and range of contingent consideration
payable is between Nil to ₹ 707 million (USD 8 million) for the year 2025 and Nil to ₹ 1,680 (USD 19 million) for
the year 2026. The Group believes that the acquisition will strengthen the Group’s commercialization portfolio by
integrating advanced AI and digital advertising technologies, enabling pharmaceutical companies to achieve more
precise, scalable and measurable marketing outcomes. The Group has concluded that the acquired set is a business.
 The f
ollowing table presents the allocation of purchase price:
Particulars Acquiree's 
carrying amount
Fair value 
adjustments
Purchase price 
allocated
Assets
Net assets taken over [I]  234 -   234
Identifiable intangibles assets
Customer relationship  1,594  1,594 
Customer Contracts  190  190 
Brand  85  85 
Intellectual Property  817  817 
Non-compete agreement  187  187 
Deferred tax liability on intangible assets (715) (715)
Total identifiable intangible assets acquired [II]  2,158 
Total [I + II]  2,392 
Goodwill  6,429 
Total purchase price  8,821 
 The 
fair value of net assets acquired including the identified intangibles as on the acquisition date as a part of the 
transaction amounted to ₹ 2,392. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired 
has been attributed towards goodwill. The goodwill of ₹ 6,429 comprises value of acquired workforce and expected 
synergies arising from the acquisition. Net assets acquired included ₹ 222, ₹ 620, ₹ 984, ₹ 60, ₹ 557 and ₹ 1095 
of Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivable, unbilled revenue, other assets, accounts payable and other liabilities 
respectively. None of the trade receivables have been impaired and it is expected that its full contractual amount can 
be collected. Goodwill is allocated to Enterprise Commercial Solutions segment and is not deductible for income tax 
purposes of respective country tax laws. The aggregate cost incurred for the acquisition is ₹ 123.
 If th
e acquisition had occurred on 01 April 2025, management estimates that the annual consolidated revenue for the 
Group would have been ₹ 38,343 and the annual profit before taxes for the year for the Group would have been ₹ 
6,369. The pro-forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisitions 
had occurred on date indicated or that may result in the future. 
reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount of CGUs is based would not cause 
the aggregate carrying amount to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of the CGUs.
4.
 As at 3
1 March 2026 and  31 March 2025, the estimated recoverable amount on the basis of the above impairment
assessment exceeded its carrying amount and hence there is no impairment charge during the current year. Further, there 
is no reversal of impairment in the current financial year w.r.t. the impairment charge done in the previous years.
5.
 Wit
h respect to Goodwill pertaining to the acquisitions done in the current year the same has been allocated to relevant
segment to which the business pertains to for the purpose of impairment evaluation. Accordingly Goodwill pertaining to
acquisition of BioPharm Parent Holding Inc. and Cake Kcommunikations Gmbh has been allocated to ECS Segment and
Goodwill pertaining to Warn and Co. Limited has been allocated to Others (Clinical).
7.  Business combination
a)  MJL Communications Group L td (“MJL”)
 On 2
5 March 2025, the Group had obtained control of MJL Communications Group Ltd (‘MJL’), MJL specializes in brand
strategy, omnichannel campaigns, and patient engagement. It provides communication solutions for pharmaceutical
and healthcare brands using their proprietary Illuminate strategy. MJL focuses on strategic insights, scientific
storytelling, and content development to support healthcare communications. The acquisition was consummated
for a consideration of ₹ 411 which includes earnout payment of ₹ 150. The contingent consideration is based on
the performance of MJL during the fiscal year beginning 01 April 2025 and ending 31 March 2027 and range of
contingent consideration payable is between Nil to ₹ 172. The Group believes that the acquisition will further enhance 
the Group’s commercialization portfolio adding market development and brand strategy competencies along with
patient engagement platforms. The Group has concluded that the acquired set is a business.
 The f
ollowing table presents the allocation of purchase price
Particulars Acquiree's 
carrying amount
Fair value 
adjustments
Purchase price 
allocated
Assets
Net assets taken over [I]  98  -    98 
Identifiable intangibles assets
Customer relationship  174  174 
Total identifiable intangible assets acquired [II]  174 
Total [I + II]  272 
Goodwill  139 
Total purchase price  411 
 The 
fair value of net assets acquired including the identified intangibles as on the acquisition date as a part of the 
transaction amounted to ₹ 272. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired 
has been attributed towards goodwill. The goodwill of ₹ 139 comprises value of acquired workforce and expected 
synergies arising from the acquisition. None of the trade receivables have been impaired and it is expected that its 
full contractual amount can be collected. Net assets acquired included ₹ 17, ₹ 68, ₹ 3, ₹ 37, ₹ 54, ₹ 18, ₹ 38 and ₹ 
25 of Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivable, property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, other assets, 
accounts payable, lease liabilities and other liabilities respectively. Goodwill is allocated to Enterprise Commercial 
Solutions segment and is not deductible for income tax purposes of respective country tax laws. The aggregate cost 
incurred for the acquisition is ₹ 14.
 
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
334 335
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 187 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
The Group believes that the acquisition will enable the Group to expand its healthcare marketing and communication 
capabilities in Europe, specifically targeting the DACH region (Germany, Austria and Switzerland), thereby 
strengthening the Group’s footprint by offering specialized, high-touch marketing services.
 The
 fair value of net assets acquired on the acquisition date as a part of the transaction amounted to ₹ 162 (EUR 1.50 
million). The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired has been attributed towards 
the identifiable intangible assets aggregating to ₹ 274 (EUR 2.53 million) and goodwill aggregating to ₹ 424 (EUR 
3.93 million) basis provisional purchase price allocation.
8.  Loans
 (Unsecured considered good, unless o therwise stated)
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Current
Loan*  135  135 
Less: Loss allowance of loan (135) (135)
 -   -   
 *On 22 March 2024 Indegene Ireland Limited had given a convertible loan to TriloDocs GmbH, for a year of 18 months (“maturity date”)
at a interest rate of 4% p.a. The loan along with accrued interest will be due for payment on the maturity date or convertible to shares,
subject to condition mentioned in the agreement. Based on assessment of recoverability of the loan given to TriloDocs GmbH aggregating 
to ₹ 135, gross of traslation adjustment, the Group has fully provided for the same during the previous year ended 31 March 2025.
9.  Other financial assets
 (unsecured considered good, unless o therwise stated)
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Security deposit  233  133 
Bank deposits with original maturity of more than twelve months  571  -   
 804  133 
Current
Security deposits ^  1 
Advance to employees  7  56 
Derivative asset  47  -   
Interest earned but not due  24  69 
Others*  25  -   
 103  126 
 *Represents the amount deposited in an escrow account in connection with purchase price adjustments arising from the acquisition of a 
subsidiary. Following the finalization of post -clo
sing adjustments, the amount standing to the credit of the escrow account is receivable
by the Group.
c)  Warn & Co Limited ( “Warn & Co”)
 On 1
6 October 2025, the Group acquired 100% interest in Warn & Co Limited (“Warn & Co”), a specialized
transformation consulting firm, for an aggregate consideration of ₹ 464, including an earnout component of ₹ 67. The
earnout component is based on the performance of Warn & Co during the period commencing on 01 November 2025 
till 31 March 2027 and range of earnout payable is between Nil to ₹ 83. The Group believes that the acquisition will
strengthen the Group’s go-to-market capabilities through the addition of upstream strategic consulting capabilities
and support clients in adapting operating models, particularly in the context of GenAI adoption. The Group has
concluded that the acquired set is a business.
 The f
ollowing table presents the allocation of purchase price:
Particulars Acquiree's 
carrying amount
Fair value 
adjustments
Purchase price 
allocated
Assets
Net assets taken over [I]  219 -   219
Identifiable intangibles assets
Customer relationship [II]  136  136 
Total  [I + II]  355 
Goodwill  109  109 
Total purchase price  464 
The fair value of net assets acquired including the identified intangibles as on the acquisition date as a part of the 
transaction amounted to ₹ 355. The excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired 
has been attributed towards goodwill. The goodwill of ₹ 109 comprises value of acquired workforce and expected 
synergies arising from the acquisition. Net assets acquired included ₹ 9, ₹ 66, ₹ 2, ₹ 227, ₹ 28 and ₹ 57 of Cash and 
cash equivalents, trade receivable, tangible assets, other assets, accounts payable and other liabilities respectively. 
None of the trade receivables have been impaired and it is expected that its full contractual amount can be collected. 
Goodwill is allocated to Others segment and is not deductible for income tax purposes of respective country tax laws. 
The aggregate cost incurred for the acquisition is ₹ 17.
If the acquisition had occurred on 01 April 2025, management estimates that the annual consolidated revenue for the 
Group would have been ₹ 35,291 and the annual profit before taxes for the year for the Group would have been ₹ 
5,298. The pro-forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisitions 
had occurred on date indicated or that may result in the future. From the date of acquisition, Warn & Co has immaterial 
contribution towards revenue and profit before tax for the year of the Group.
d)  Cake K
ommunikations
On 1
0 November 2025, the Group had entered into a stock purchase agreement to acquire Cake Kommunikations
Holdings GmbH (an SPV created to hold 70% in Cake Kommunikations GmbH (AT), 100% in CAKE Kommunikations
GmbH (DE) and 100% in CAKE Kommunikations AG (Switzerland)) and 30% in Cake Kommunikations GmbH (AT) from 
Werner Hinterberger [Collectively ‘Cake Group’], an advertising agency specialized in healthcare and pharmaceutical 
communication, for an aggregate purchase consideration of ₹ 860 (EUR 7.96 million), including earnout consideration 
(maximum of EUR 8.9 million considering maximum earnout consideration).
Further on 30 January 2026, the Group had obtained control of Cake Group and has carried out the provisional
purchase price allocation for the acquisition during the quarter ended 31 March 2026 and the same will be finalised
within the measurement period but in no event later than one year following the date of acquisition (30 January 2026).
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
336 337
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 188 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Particulars Number of units Carrying value
As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Aditya Birla Sun Life Corporate Bond Fund - 
Regular - Growth
5,003,998 4,739,275 579 524
Kotak Banking and PSU Debt Fund Regular 1,014,776 1,014,776 69 65
SBI Corporate Bond Fund Regular Plan 
Growth
8,492,083 8,492,083 138 131
ICICI Prudential Savings Fund Growth - 480,660 - 256
HDFC Low Duration fund - 2,791,286 - 171
Axis Crisil- IBX AAA NBFC Index Fund - 
Direct- Growth
20,347,765 14,979,627 228 156
DSP Banking & PSU Debt Fund - Direct - 
Growth
4,294,746 4,294,746 110 105
DSP Banking & PSU Debt Fund - Reg - Growth - 6,552,523 - 155
DSP Income Plus Arbitrage Omni FoF - Reg 
- Growth
5,711,781 - 125 -
ABSL Crisil-IBX AAA NBFC-HFC Index Fund 
- Reg - Growth
- 13,456,131 - 139
Kotak Corporate Bond Fund - Dir - Growth 40,361 40,361 165 155
Invesco India Corporate Bond Fund - Reg - 
Growth
50,068 50,068 164 156
Tata Corporate Bond Fund - Direct Growth 34,489,804 20,271,575 449 251
Axis Treasury Advantage Fund - Dir - Growth - 12,751 - 40
UTI Money Market Fund - Reg - Growth - 76,269 - 231
HSBC Liquid Fund - Reg - Growth - 39,109 - 100
Axis Crisil- IBX AAA NBFC Index Fund - Reg 
- Growth
22,464,792 13,439,076 250 140
Aditya Birla Sun Life Arbitrage Fund - Dir - 
Growth
3,385,254 - 102 -
Aditya Birla Sun Life Arbitrage Fund - Reg - 
Growth
7,268,082 - 202 -
Axis Income Plus Arbitrage Active FOF - Dir 
- Growth
8,213,385 - 125 -
Axis Income Plus Arbitrage Active FOF - Reg 
- Growth
4,715,188 - 71 -
Bharat Bond ETF FOF - Dir - Growth 14,141,468 - 182 -
HDFC Corporate Bond Fund - Dir - Growth 7,379,195 - 252 -
HDFC Liquid Fund - Dir - Growth 21,348 - 115 -
HDFC Liquid Fund - Reg - Growth 28,254 - 151 -
ICICI Pru Corporate Bond Fund - Reg - 
Growth
8,625,420 - 267 -
ICICI Pru Equity - Arbitrage Fund - Dir - Growth 1,891,485 - 73 -
10.   Other assets
  (unsecured consider ed good, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Prepaid expenses  41  25 
 41  25 
Current
Prepaid expenses  901  473 
Balance with government authorities  286  381 
Advance to vendors  189  163 
Others  8  -   
 1,384  1,017 
11.   Inv estments
Particulars Number of units Carrying value
As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Investment carried at fair value through 
profit or loss
Current
Unquoted
Aditya Birla Sun Life Savings Fund Growth - 279,306 - 150
Aditya Birla Sun Life Money Manager Fund - 
Direct - Growth
157,001 157,001 62 58
Bandhan Ultra Short Term Fund - Direct- 
Growth
10,266,741 15,887,623 165 240
Bandhan Low Duration Fund 3,008,699 3,539,261 124 137
DSP Low Duration Fund -Direct Plan 2,681,163 3,506,486 57 70
HDFC Money Market Fund - Direct- Growth 19,212 19,212 117 110
HDFC Ultra Short Term Fund -Direct Plan - 4,650,873 - 70
HSBC Ultra Short Duration Fund Direct - 
Growth
121,865 121,865 175 164
HDFC Corporate Bond Fund Regular Plan 
Growth
17,273,804 10,479,303 576 334
ICICI Prudential Money Market Fund Direct 
Growth
320,355 320,355 129 121
Tata Treasury Advantage Fund 17,780 17,781 75 70
SBI Magnum Ultra Short Duration Fund - 15,752 - 94
ICICI Prudential Corporate Bond Fund 
Growth Direct
16,077,750 16,077,750 512 482
Aditya Birla Sun Life Corporate Bond Fund - 
Direct - Growth
1,782,567 1,402,722 210 158
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
338 339
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 189 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Movement in expected credit loss allowance of trade receivables: As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Opening balance  36  17 
Add: Provision/(reversal) of trade receivables - significant increase in credit risk  (21)  19 
Closing balance  15  36 
  Ageing for tr
ade receivables  outstanding as at 31 March 2026 is as follows:
Particulars Outstanding for following years from due date of payment Total
Not due < 6 
months
6 months 
to 1 year
1 year to 
2 years
2 year to 
3 years
> 3 
years
i)  
 Undisputed trade r
eceivable - considered good 6,772 915 10 4 1 - 7,702
ii)  
 Undisputed trade r
eceivable - which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)  
 Undisputed trade r
eceivable - Credit impaired 0 2 3 10 - - 15
iv)  
 Disputed trade r
eceivable - considered good - - - - - - -
v)  
 Disputed trade r
eceivable - which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vi)  
 Disputed trade r
eceivable - Credit impaired - - - - - - -
Total 6,772 917 13 14 1 - 7,717
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss (15)
Total 7,702
Trade receivables - Unbilled 2,116
Trade receivables - Total 9,818
  Ageing for tr ade receivables outstanding as at 31 March 2025 is as follows:
Particulars Outstanding for following years from due date of payment Total
Not due < 6 
months
6 months 
to 1 year
1 year to 
2 years
2 year to 
3 years
> 3 
years
i)  
 Undisputed trade r
eceivable - considered good 5,453 858 ^ 5 6 - 6,322
ii)  
 Undisputed trade r
eceivable - which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)  
 Undisputed trade r
eceivable - Credit impaired - 13 14 - 9 - 36
iv)  
 Disputed trade r
eceivable - considered good - - - - - - -
v)  
 Disputed trade r
eceivable - which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vi)  
 Disputed trade r
eceivable - Credit impaired - - - - - - -
Total 5,453 871 14 5 15 - 6,358
Less: Allowance for expected credit loss (36)
Total 6,322
Trade receivables - Unbilled 1,192
Trade receivables - Total 7,514
Trade receivables have been offered as security against the working capital facilities and term loan provided by the banks 
(refer note 27). 
Particulars Number of units Carrying value
As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Invesco India Arbitrage Fund - Dir - Growth 3,341,241 - 121 -
Invesco India Corporate Bond Fund - Dir - 
Growth
14,616 - 51 -
Kotak Income Plus Arbitrage Omni FOF - Reg 
- Growth
19,580,037 - 250 -
Nippon India Liquid Fund - Dir - Growth 20,104 - 136 -
SBI Arbitrage Opportunities Fund - Reg - Growth 3,433,010 - 121 -
SBI Corporate Bond Fund - Dir - Growth 6,238,770 - 103 -
SBI Low Duration Fund - Reg - Growth 16,685 - 61 -
Tata Treasury Advantage Fund - Reg - Growth 19,676 - 81 -
UTI Arbitrage Fund - Reg - Growth 1,986,466 - 73 -
Total Mutual Funds 7,016 5,033
Investment carried at amortised cost
US Money Market Fund (unquoted) 3,979 5,298
US Treasury bills (quoted) - 2,566
Aggregate amount of investments 10,995 12,897
Aggregate market value of quoted 
investments
- 2,566
Aggregate book value of quoted 
investments
- 2,566
Aggregate book value of unquoted 
investments
10,995 10,331
Aggregate value of impairment - -
12.   Trade receivables
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Billed
Trade receivables  7,717  6,358 
Less: expected credit loss allowance  (15)  (36)
 7,702  6,322 
Break-up: As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
(Unsecured, unless otherwise stated)
a)  
 Tr
ade receivables considered good  7,702  6,322 
b)  
 Tr
ade receivables which have significant increase in credit risk  15  36 
  Less: expected cr
edit loss allowance  (15)  (36)
Trade receivable  7,702  6,322 
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
340 341
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 190 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
 A)  Reconciliation of the number o f equity shares outstanding at the beginning and end of the year:
Particulars As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Number of 
shares
Amount Number of 
shares
Amount
Shares outstanding at the beginning of the 
year
239,635,254 479 222,062,383 444
Shares issued during the year by way of Initial 
Public Offer (refer note 41)
- - 16,833,818 34
Shares issued during the year 893,392 2 739,053 1
Shares outstanding at the end of the year 240,528,646 481 239,635,254 479
 B)  
 Details o
f shareholders having more than 5% equity shares in the group
Name of shareholder As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Number of 
shares
% holding Number of 
shares
% holding
Equity shares
Nadathur Fareast Pte. Ltd 52,700,256 21.88% 52,700,256 21.96%
CA Dawn Investments - - 24,475,402 10.20%
Mr. Manish Gupta 21,474,076 8.91% 21,474,076 8.95%
Dr. Rajesh B.Nair 17,201,536 7.14% 17,192,386 7.16%
BPC Genesis Fund I SPV, Ltd. 13,862,223 5.75% 15,060,223 6.27%
Dr. Sanjay Parikh 12,008,172 4.98% 12,008,172 5.00%
BPC Genesis Fund I-A SPV, Ltd. 7,190,255 2.98% 7,811,651 3.25%
 C)  
 Shareholding o
f Promoters: 
  
 NIL
 D)   Bonus shares
, shares buyback and issue of shares for consideration other than in cash during five years 
immediately preceding 31 March 2026.
  
 Du
ring the five years immediately preceding 31 March 2026 (‘the year’),  neither any shares have been bought back 
nor any shares have been issued for consideration other than cash. Pursuant to resolution passed by the shareholders 
of the Company on 06 July 2022 the Company has allotted  by way of bonus issue to its shareholders shares in the 
ratio of 1:125 on 06 July 2022.
 E)  
 Employ
ee share-based compensation
  
 Em
ployees covered under Company Share Option CSOP 2022 (“CSOP Sub-Plan”), Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 
(“ESOP 2020”), Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2020’ (“RSU 2020”), Employee Stock Option Scheme Plan 
2007 (“ESOP 2007”), Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan, 2015 (“RSU 2015”) (collectively “stock option plans”) are 
granted an option to purchase shares of the Company at the respective exercise prices, subject to requirements of 
vesting conditions. These options generally vest in tranches over a year of three to five years from the date of grant. 
Upon vesting, the employees can acquire one equity share for every option.
13.   Cash and cash equivalents
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Balances with banks:
- In current accounts  2,258  1,503 
- In deposit accounts with original maturity less than 3 months  750  907 
 3,008  2,410 
14.   Other bank balances
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Bank deposits with original maturity of more than three months but less 
than twelve months*
 811  1,336 
 811  1,336 
  *The bank deposits includes an amount of ₹ 50 (31 March 2025: Nil) held as lien against facilities from banks and ₹ 165 (31 March 2025: 
₹ 154) given to a bank against bank guarantee issued to National Stock Exchange towards IPO.  
15.   Share capital and other equity
15(a). Equity Share capital
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Authorised
400,000,000 (31 March 2025: 400,000,000) equity shares of ₹ 2 each  800  800 
 800  800 
Issued, subscribed and paid up
240,528,646 (31 March 2025: 239,635,254) equity shares of ₹ 2 each  481  479 
 481  479 
  Equity 
shares 
    
  Rights, pr
eferences and restrictions attached to equity shares 
 
 As p
er the memorandum of association, the Parent Company’s authorized share capital consist of equity shares. All equity 
shares rank equally with regard to dividends and share in the Parent Company’s residual assets. The equity shares are 
entitled to receive dividend as declared from time to time. Shareholders are entitled to one vote per equity share held in 
the Parent Company. 
  On 
winding up of the Parent Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive the residual assets of the 
Parent Company, remaining after distribution of all preferential amounts in proportion to the number of equity shares held.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
342 343
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 191 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
   The follo wing is the summary of the movement in Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP 2020) during the year:
  
 Th
e Company instituted the  Employee Stock Option Plan 2020’ (“ESOP 2020”) plan on 13 November 2020 which 
was amended on 28 November 2022 which provides for the issue of maximum 6,014,543 equity shares to employees 
at an exercise price equivalent to the fair market value of the shares of the Company as on date of the grant of the 
options plus tax.
Particulars Year ended 31 March 2026 Year ended 31 March 2025
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Options outstanding at the beginning of the year 1,510,955 362.53 1,638,046 161.02
Options granted during the year(ESOP) 318,251 573.00 243,973 316.19
Options exercised during the year (215,192) 257.56 (211,722) 175.71
Options forfeited during the year (275,892) 452.85 (159,342) 145.58
Options outstanding at the end of year 1,338,122 410.84 1,510,955 166.15
Options exercisable 569,972 314.03 596,734 166.15
  
 The follo
wing is the summary of the movement in Company Share Option Plan 2022 (CSOP 2022) during the year:
  
 Th
e Company instituted the  Indegene Limited Company Share Option CSOP 2022’ (“CSOP Sub-Plan”) as a part of 
the Employee Stock Option Plan 2020’ (“ESOP 2020”) plan on 28 November 2022, which provides for the issue of 
equity shares to employees at an exercise price equivalent to the fair market value of the shares of the Company as 
on date of the grant of the options plus tax. The maximum number of Options available for Grant under the CSOP 
Sub-Plan shall be within the limit as prescribed under the ESOP 2020.
Particulars Year ended 31 March 2026 Year ended 31 March 2025
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Options outstanding at the beginning of the year 104,263 456.34 83,436 156.71
Options granted during the year 56,462 573.00 39,571 316.19
Options exercised during the year (7,782) 350.57 - -
Options forfeited during the year (32,431) 468.56 (18,744) 236.45
Options outstanding at the end of year 120,512 514.53 104,263 156.71
Options exercisable 27,576 424.59 18,470 156.71
  
 Du
ring the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the weighted average grant date fair value under the RSU 
2020 was ₹573 and ₹657.30 respectively.
  
 Du
ring the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the weighted average grant date fair value under the 
ESOP 2020 was ₹272.49 and ₹316.19 respectively.  
 
  Du
ring the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the weighted average grant date fair value under the 
CSOP 2022 was ₹272.49 and ₹316.19 respectively.  
 
  Th
e stock compensation cost is computed under the fair value method and amortized on accelerated vesting year. 
The intrinsic value on the date of grant approximates the fair value. For the year ended 31 March 2026, the Group 
has recorded stock compensation expense of ₹ 256 (March 2025 : ₹ 174).
  
 Th
e compensation committee of the board evaluates the performance and other criteria of employees and approves 
the grant of options. These options vest with employees over a specified year subject to fulfilment of certain conditions. 
Upon vesting, employees are eligible to apply and secure allotment of  the Company’s shares at a price determined 
on the date of grant of options. The particulars of options granted under various plans are tabulated below.
  
 In 
2020, the Company established a controlled trust called the Indegene Employee Welfare Trust (“IEWT”). IEWT 
purchases shares of the Company from the existing shareholders, out of funds borrowed from the Company. The 
Company’s equity shares held by the controlled trust, which is consolidated as a part of the Group are classified as 
Treasury shares. The Company has 2,958 treasury shares (excluding bonus shares of 369,750) as of 31 March 2026 
and 31 March 2025.Treasury shares are recorded at acquisition cost.
  
 A su
mmary of the general terms of grants under stock option plans and restricted stock unit option plans are as follows:
Name of the plan Authorised Range of exercise price
Employee Restricted Stock Unit  Plan 2020 (RSU 2020)(1)  5,849,250 ₹ 2
Employee Stock Option Plan 2020 (ESOP 2020)(2)  6,014,543 FMV as on date of grant
   (1)Pursuant to a resolution passed by Shareholders dated 28 November 2022, Board have been authorised to grant RSU 2020 up 
to 5,849,250 respectively. Out of the total available Options as stated above, 613,772 Options is Granted during the year.  
   (2)Pursuant to a resolution passed by Shareholders dated 28 November 2022, Board have been authorised to grant ESOP 2020 up 
to 6,014,543 respectively. Out of the total available Options as stated above, 369,535 Options is Granted during the year.
   The follo wing is the summary of the movement in Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2020 (RSU 2020) during 
the year:
  
 Th
e Company instituted the Employee Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2020’ (“RSU 2020”) on 13 November 2020 which 
was amended on 28 November 2022 which provides for the issue of maximum 5,849,250 equity shares to employees 
at an exercise price of ₹ 2/- per share plus tax.
Particulars Year ended 31 March 2026 Year ended 31 March 2025
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Number of 
options
Weighted 
average 
exercise price
Options outstanding at the beginning of the year 1,652,492 2.00 1,769,339 2.00
Options granted during the year(RSU) 613,772 2.00 521,330 2.00
Options forfeited during the year (185,018) 2.00 (110,846) 2.00
Options exercised during the year (670,418) 2.00 (527,331) 2.00
Options outstanding at the end of year 1,410,828 2.00 1,652,492 2.00
Options exercisable 37,430 2.00 18,900 2.00
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
344 345
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 192 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
  Foreign currency translation reserve
  Ex
change differences arising on translation of the foreign operations are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income as 
described in accounting policy and accumulated in a separate reserve within equity. The cumulative amount is reclassified 
to Consolidated Statement of  Profit and Loss when the net investment is disposed off.
  Re
tained earnings
  Re
tained earnings are the profits/(loss) that the Group has earned/incurred till date, less any transfers to general reserve, 
dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders. Retained earnings includes re-measurement loss/(gain) on defined 
benefit plans, net of taxes that will not be reclassified to Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss. Retained earnings is a 
free reserve available to the Group and eligible for distribution to shareholders, in case where it is having positive balance 
representing net earnings till date.
  Share application mone
y pending allotment
  Th
e Company has received the money towards exercise of ESOP options in the month of March 2025 and the allotment 
is done against the same on 21 April 2025, upon which the Company has issued 24,046 equity shares. As at 31 March 
2025 these shares were shown as shares pending issuance in these Consolidated Financial Statements.
  Cash flo
w hedge reserve 
  Ch
anges in fair value of derivative hedging instruments designated and effective as a cash flow hedge are recognized in 
other comprehensive income, net of taxes, and presented within equity as cash flow hedging reserve.
16.   Other financial liabilities
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Contingent consideration(1)  1,892  149 
Derivative liability  139  -   
 2,031  149 
Current
Derivative liability  526  40 
Accrued compensation to employees  1,431  1,011 
Contingent consideration
(1)  1,022  3 
Capital creditors
  Total outs
tanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 
('MSME')(2)
 64  16 
  
 Total outs
tanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
 -    62 
Others  12  19 
 3,055  1,151 
 5,086  1,300 
  (1)Current year amount represents contingent consideration on acquisition of BioPharm Parent Holding Inc., Warn & Co. and  Cake 
Kommunications (refer note 7b, 7c and 7d respectively). Previous year amount represents contingent consideration on acquisition of 
MJL. Communications Group Ltd (“MJL”) (refer note 7a) , Cult Health LLC and Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH (‘Trilogy GmbH’).
  (2)The amount outstanding relates to accrued expenses towards capital expenditure. 
   Ef fective from 2014, Indegene allocates the subsidiaries for the employee stock option plan cost pertaining to the 
employees of the subsidiaries.
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Options outstanding at the end of the year
Number of options outstanding 2,869,462 3,267,710
Weighted average remaining contractual life in years 2.19 1.61
Weighted average remaining contractual life in years (ESOP 2020) 9.80 10.64
Weighted average exercise price (in ₹) ₹ 2.00 - ₹272.49 ₹ 2.00 - ₹ 316.19
  
 Th
e following tables list the inputs to the models used for ESOP plans for the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 
March 2025 respectively:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Dividend yield (%) 0.00% 0.00%
Expected volatility (%) 35.89% 35.55%
Risk–free interest rate (%) 6.21% 6.74%
Model used  Black Scholes 
Option Pricing 
 Black Scholes 
Option Pricing 
The expected life of the share options is based on historical data and current expectations and is not necessarily 
indicative of exercise patterns that may occur. The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical 
volatility over a year similar to the life of the options is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily be 
the actual outcome.
 
Th
ere are no non market performance conditions existing as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025.
 15(b). Other equit
y
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Reserves and surplus
Securities premium  10,136  9,929 
Share based payment reserve  458  352 
Retained earnings  18,335  14,776 
Foreign currency translation reserve  2,023  611 
Cash flow hedge  (49)  -   
Share application money pending allotment  3  9 
 30,906  25,677 
  Re
fer consolidated statement of changes in equity for detailed movement in other equity
  Nature and purpose o
f other equity
  Se
curities premium reserve is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilised only for limited 
purposes such as issuance of bonus shares in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
  Share based payment r
eserve
  Sh
are based payment reserve is used to recognise the grant date fair value minus exercise price of options issued to 
employees under various ESOP and RSU plans.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
346 347
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 193 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
 Ageing for tr ade payables outstanding as at 31 March 2025 is as follows:
Particulars Outstanding for following years from due date of payment* Total
Not due Less than 
1 year
1-2 Years 2 year to  
3 years
More than 
3 years
Outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 17 - - - - 17
Outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small 
enterprises
279 27 - ^ - 306
Disputed dues of micro and small enterprises - - - - - -
Disputed dues of creditors other than micro and small 
enterprises
- - - - - -
Total 296 27 - ^ - 323
Accrued expenses 611
Trade payables - Total 934
18 a. Details of dues to micro and small enterprises as defined under the MSMED Act, 2006 
 
 Th
e Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises has issued an Official Memorandum dated 26 August 2008 which 
recommends that the Micro and Small Enterprises should mention in their correspondence with its customers the 
Entrepreneurs Memorandum Number as allocated after filing of the Memorandum. Accordingly, the disclosure in respect of 
the amounts payable to such enterprise as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 has been made in the financial statements 
based on information received and available with the Group. The Group has not received any claim for interest from any 
supplier under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (“MSMED Act, 2006”).
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
The principal amount and the interest due thereon (to be shown 
separately) remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the end of each 
accounting year;
- Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier
*  38  17 
- Interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier  -    -   
The amount of interest paid by the buyer as per the MSMED Act, 2006 
along with the amounts of the payments made to micro and small suppliers 
beyond the appointed day during each accounting year 
 1  1 
The amount of interest due and payable for the year of delay in making 
payment (which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the 
year) but without adding the interest specified under MSMED Act, 2006
 -    -   
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each 
accounting year
^ ^
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the 
succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues as above are 
actually paid to the small enterprise for the purposes of disallowance as a 
deductibles expenditure under the MSMED Act, 2006. 
^ ^
  *includes 12 (March 2025: Nil) for purchase of property, plant and equiment.
17.   P rovisions
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Non-current
Provision for litigation expenses (refer note 37)  216  -   
Provision for employee benefits:
Provision for gratuity (refer note 30)  657  585 
 873  585 
Current
Provision for employee benefits:
Provision for gratuity (refer note 30)  49  26 
Provision for employee compensated absences  749  651 
 798  677 
 1,671  1,262 
18.   Trade payables
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises ('MSME') 
(refer note 18a)
 26  17 
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 1,781  917 
 1,807  934 
  Ageing for tr
ade payables outstanding as at 31 March 2026 is as follows:
Particulars Outstanding for following years from due date of payment* Total
Not due Less than 
1 year
1-2 Years 2 year to  
3 years
More 
than 3 
years
Outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  26  -    -    -    -    26 
Outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small 
enterprises
 392  39  -    -    -    431 
Disputed dues of micro and small enterprises  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed dues of creditors other than micro and small 
enterprises
 -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total  418  39  -    -    -    457 
Accrued expenses  1,350 
Trade payables - Total  1,807 
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
348 349
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 194 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
  Year ended 31 March 2025
Particulars Fixed price and 
volume based
Time & 
material
Total
Enterprise Medical Solutions  6,665  1,360  8,025 
Enterprise Commercial Solutions  16,345  3,003  19,348 
Others  924  96  1,020 
 23,934  4,459  28,393 
Revenue from rendering of services 
disaggregated by primary geographical 
market
North 
America
*
Europe India Rest of the 
world
 Total 
Enterprise Medical Solutions  6,154  1,761  60  50  8,025 
Enterprise Commercial Solutions  12,979  5,617  128  625  19,349 
Others  781  233  6 ^  1,020 
 19,914  7,611  194  675  28,394 
  *includes revenues from United States of America ₹ 19,736
  Reconciliation of Re venue with Contract Price
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Contract Price  35,286  28,587 
Adjustments for:
Volume discount  (181)  (195)
 35,105  28,392 
  Du
ring the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 ₹ 1,192 and ₹ 935 of unbilled revenue pertaining to fixed 
price and fixed time frame contracts as of 01 April 2025 and 01 April 2024, respectively, has been reclassified to trade 
receivables upon billing to customers on completion of milestones.
  Du
ring the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 the Group recognized revenue of ₹ 1,690 and ₹ 1,224 arising 
from opening unearned revenue as of 01 April 2025 and 01 April 2024, respectively.  
21.   Other income
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Interest income on:
-  
 Bank deposits  82  171 
-  
 Other financial assets measur
ed at amortized cost  89  114 
Dividend income  192  216 
Exchange gain on foreign exchange fluctuation (net)  -    95 
19.   Other current liabilities
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Current
Unearned revenue  3,823  1,925 
Statutory liabilities  443  520 
Advance from customers  56  64 
Others  3  1 
 4,325  2,510 
20.   Revenue from operations
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Revenue from rendering of services  35,105  28,393 
 35,105  28,393 
  Du
ring the year, the Group has reorganised its segments by merging Brand Activation Segment as part of Enterprise 
Commercial Solutions in line with the manner in which the Chief operating decision maker reviews and evaluates 
performance of the business of the Group. Pursuant to the above, in accordance with the requirement specified in Ind 
AS 108, the comparative period information has been recasted to give the effect of this change.Subsequent to the 
above change the Group will now have only 2 reportable segment i.e., Enterprise Commercial Solutions and Enterprise 
Medical Solutions.
  Th
e below table represents disaggregated services revenue from contract with customers by contract type and customer 
geographies for each segment for the years ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025.
  Year ended 31 Mar
ch 2026
Particulars Fixed price and 
volume based
Time & 
material
Total
Enterprise Medical Solutions  7,460  1,838  9,298 
Enterprise Commercial Solutions  21,908  2,697  24,605 
Others  1,056  146  1,202 
 30,424  4,681  35,105 
Revenue from rendering of services 
disaggregated by primary geographical 
market
North 
America
*
Europe India Rest of the 
world
 Total 
Enterprise Medical Solutions  6,742  2,410  13  133  9,298 
Enterprise Commercial Solutions  17,539  6,209  146  711  24,605 
Others  832  366  2  2  1,202 
 25,113  8,985  161  846  35,105 
  *includes revenues from United States of America ₹24,957
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
350 351
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 195 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
25.   Other expenses 
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Sub-contracting and technical fees  3,069  1,718 
Travelling and conveyance  675  512 
Rent  67  48 
Repairs and maintenance    
-  
 Computer consumables  726  600 
-  
 Office maintenance  74  77 
-  
 Others  52  24 
Legal and pr
ofessional fee  648  507 
Recruitment charges  171  114 
Communication charges  282  239 
Subscription and periodicals  610  442 
Insurance  74  68 
Bad debts written off  8  -   
Provision for doubtful debts and advance  -    18 
Corporate Social Responsibilities ("CSR") (refer note 35)  36  32 
Loss allowance on loan  -    135 
Rates, fees and taxes  31  88 
Foreign exchange loss, net  22  -   
Miscellaneous expenses  393  276 
 6,938  4,898 
26.   Segment repor ting
  Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise for which discrete financials information is available 
t
hat is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker. In deciding how to allocate resources and assessing 
performance, the Group’s chief operating decision maker is the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director.
  Du
ring the current year, the Company has reorganised its segments by merging Brand Activation Segment as part of 
Enterprise Commercial Solutions. In accordance with requirements specified in Ind AS 108, the comparative period 
segment information has been restated to give effect to this change. 
  Su
bsequent to the above change the Group will now have only 2 reportable segment: 1) Enterprise Commercial Solutions 
and 2) Enterprise Medical Solutions.
  Re
venue and expenses directly attributable to segments are reported under each reportable segment.  Expenses which are 
not directly identifiable to each reporting segment have been allocated on the basis of associated revenue of the segment 
and manpower efforts.  All other expenses which are not attributable or allocable to segments have been disclosed as 
unallocable expenses.
  As
sets and liabilities used in the Group’s business are not identified to any of the operating segments, as these are 
used interchangeably between segments. Management believes that it is currently not practicable to provide segment 
disclosures relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful segregation of the available data is onerous.
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Gain due to change in contingent consideration  -    162 
Gain on lease termination  9  -   
Reversals of provision on doubtful debts and advance  22  -   
Net gain on  disposal / fair  valuation of investments carried through profit or loss*  300  292 
Net gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment  1  -   
Miscellaneous income  25  22 
 720  1,072 
  *includes profit on sale of Mutual Fund units amounting to ₹ 134 (31 March 2025: ₹163) 
22.   Employee benefit expense
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Salaries and bonus  20,795  17,172 
Contribution to provident fund and other funds (refer note 30)  371  345 
Gratuity and other defined plans  338  281 
Staff welfare expense  217  180 
Equity settled share based compensation (refer note 15a)  256  174 
 21,977  18,152 
23.   Finance costs
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Interest expense on lease liabilities (refer note 5)  76  54 
Interest expense on borrowings  -    76 
Interest expense on others  84  64 
Other finance cost  33  26 
 193  220 
24.   Depreciation and amortisation expense 
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (refer note 4)  234  182 
Amortization of intangible assets (refer to note 6)  664  346 
Amortization of right-of-use assets (refer to note 5)  366  274 
 1,264  802 
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
352 353
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 196 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
27.   Financial instruments
27 (a). Fair Value Measurements
  Se
t out below, is a comparison by class of the carrying amounts and fair value of the financial instruments of the Group, 
other than those with carrying amounts that are reasonable approximations of fair values:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Financial assets
FVTPL
Derivative financial assets  34  -   
Investments  7,016  5,033 
 7,050  5,033 
Amortised cost
Investments  3,979  7,864 
Trade receivables and unbilled receivables  9,818  7,514 
Cash and cash equivalents  3,819  3,746 
Security deposits  233  134 
Other financial assets  627  125 
 18,476  19,383 
FVTOCI
Derivative financial assets  13  -   
Total financial assets  25,539  24,416 
Financial liabilities
FVTPL
Contingent consideration  2,914  152 
Derivative financial liabilities  586  40 
 3,500  192 
FVTOCI
Derivative financial liabilities  79  -   
 79  -   
Amortised cost
Lease obligation  1,444  1,016 
Trade payables  1,807  934 
Other financial liabilities  1,507  1,108 
 4,758  3,058 
Total financial liabilities  8,337  3,250 
  N
o t e s :
  Th
e fair value of cash and cash equivalents, loan, trade receivables, unbilled receivables, trade payables, other current 
financial assets and liabilities approximate their carrying amount largely due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 
Accordingly, the carrying value of such long-term debt approximates fair value.
  Th
e fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined based on observable market inputs including currency spot 
and forward rates, yield curves, curreny volatility etc.  
 
 Su
mmarised segment information for the quarter and year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 is as follows:
  Di
sclosure for Revenue by geographical locations is given in note 20
  Year ended 31 Mar
ch 2026
Particulars Enterprise 
Medical 
Solutions
Enterprise 
Commercial 
Solutions
Others* Total
Revenue from operations  9,298  24,605  1,202  35,105 
Segment results  2,435  4,492  (327)  6,600 
Unallocable expenses  (410)
Depreciation and amortisation expense  (1,264)
Operating income  4,926 
Other income (net)  720 
Finance cost  (193)
Exceptional items (refer note 37)  (203)
Profit before taxes  5,250 
Tax expense  (1,239)
Profit for the year  4,011 
  *Others mainly comprises of consultancy and clinical business
  Year ended 31 March 2025
Particulars Enterprise 
Medical 
Solutions
Enterprise 
Commercial 
Solutions
Others* Total
Revenue from operations  8,025  19,348  1,020  28,393 
Segment results  2,081  3,942  (329)  5,694 
Unallocable expenses  (351)
Depreciation and amortisation expense  (802)
Operating income  4,541 
Other income (net)  1,072 
Finance cost  (220)
Exceptional items (refer note 36)  -   
Profit before taxes  5,393 
Tax expense  (1,326)
Profit for the year  4,067 
  *Others mainly comprises of consultancy and clinical business.  
  Revenue from one customer ₹3,651 for the year ended 31 March 2026 (31 March 2025 : one customer ₹3,842), individually 
a
ccounted for more than 10% of the group’s revenue.
  As
sets and liabilities used in the Group’s business are not identified to any of the operating segments, as these are 
used interchangeably between segments. Management believes that it is currently not practicable to provide segment 
disclosures relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful segregation of the available data is onerous.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
354 355
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 197 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
  The following table presents the aggregated contracted principal amounts of the Group’s outstanding derivative contracts, 
w
hich have been designated as cash flow hedges:
Particulars Foreign 
currency
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Number of 
contracts 
Notional 
amount of 
contracts 
Fair value 
(in INR)
Number 
of 
contracts 
Notional 
amount of 
contracts 
Fair value  
(in INR)
Designated derivative 
instruments
Forward Contracts US Dollar 19  33,000,000  3,199  -    -    -   
Forward Contracts Euro 6  4,000,000  436  -    -    -   
Non-designated 
derivative 
instruments
Forward Contracts US Dollar 69  100,000,000  9,568  79  102,000,000  8,860 
Range Forward 
options contract
US Dollar 4  8,000,000  763  7  14,000,000  1,208 
Forward Contracts Euro 30  15,250,000  1,657  39  20,750,000  1,928 
  Th
e movement in cash flow hedging reserve for derivatives designated as cash flow hedges is as follows:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year  -    -   
  Hedge gain/(loss) recogniz
ed in OCI  (66)  -   
  Amount reclassified fr
om OCI to statement of profit and loss  -    -   
Gain/(loss)  on cash flow hedging derivatives, net  (66)  -   
Balance as at the end of the year  (66)  -   
Deferred tax effect thereon  17 
Balance as at the end of the year, net of taxes  (49)  -   
  Th
e related hedge transactions for balance in cash flow hedging reserves as at 31 March 2026. are expected to occur and 
be reclassified to the statement of profit and loss over a period of 12 months. 
  As a
t 31 March 2026 there were no gains or losses on derivative transactions or portions thereof that have ineffective as 
hedges or associated with an underlying exposure that did not occur.
  Th
e Company has entered into derivative instruments not in hedging relationship by way of foreign exchange forward 
and currency options. As at 31 March 2026 and 2025, the notional amount of outstanding contracts aggregated to  USD 
123.25 million and  USD 136.75 million respectively, and the respective fair value of these contracts have a net loss of  ₹ 
552  and  ₹ 40 .
  Ex
change loss of  ₹ 79 on foreign exchange forward and currency options that do not qualify for hedge accounting have 
been recognized in the Consolidated statement of profit and loss for the year ended 31 March 2026. 
  Wi
th respect to contingent consideration which is defined as level 3, below are the inputs:
  Fair v
alue hierarchy 
 
 Th
e table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have been 
defined as follows:
  Le
vel 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
 
 Le
vel 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).  
 
 Le
vel 3 – Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
  Th
ere were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 during the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025.
  Th
e carrying values of financial instruments such as short-term trade receivables and payables, reasonably approximates 
to fair value and hence separate disclosure of the fair values are not made.  
 
 As at 31 Mar
ch 2026
Particulars  Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Investments  7,016  -    -    7,016 
Liabilities
Derivative instruments  -    586  -    586 
Contingent consideration  -    -    2,914  2,914 
  As at 31 Mar
ch 2025
Particulars  Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Assets
Investments  5,033  -    -    5,033 
Liabilities
Derivative instruments  -    40  -    40 
Contingent consideration  -    -    152  152 
  Th
e Group enters into derivative financial instruments with various counter-parties, primarily banks with investment grade 
credit ratings. Derivatives valued using valuation techniques with market observable inputs are mainly interest rate swaps 
and foreign exchange forward contracts. The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing, swap 
models and Black Scholes models (for option valuation), monte carlo simulation with beta and normal distribution, using 
present value calculations. The models incorporate various inputs including the credit quality of counterparties, foreign 
exchange spot and forward rates, interest rate curves and forward rate curves of the underlying. For commitment liability 
and contingent consideration, valuation model considers the present value of the expected future payments, discounted 
using a risk-adjusted discount rate. As at 31 March 2026, the changes in counterparty credit risk had no material effect 
on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in hedge relationships and other financial instruments 
recognized at fair value.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
356 357
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 198 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
  (b)   Tr ade receivables
  
  Th
e Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. The 
majority of the revenue of the Group is derived from customers located in North America, European Union & Asia 
region. The Group derives significant portion of its revenue from a limited number of customers. The following 
table gives details in respect of percentage of revenue generated from top customer and top ten customers.
Particulars Revenue from 
top customer
% Revenue 
from top ten 
customers
%
As at 31 March 2026  3,651 10%  17,740 51%
As at 31 March 2025  3,842 14%  16,217 57%
  
  Th
e Group has established a credit policy under which each new customer is analysed individually for credit 
worthiness before the Group’s standard payment and deliver terms and conditions are offered. The Group’s 
review includes external ratings, when available, and in some cases bank references. The Group analyses trade 
receivables periodically and allowances for doubtful receivables are created on a customer specific basis if 
required.
 
  
  Financial assets that ar
e neither past due nor impaired
  
  Ca
sh and cash equivalents are neither past due nor impaired. Cash and cash equivalents with banks which have 
high credit-ratings assigned by domestic credit-rating agencies. Of the total trade receivables ₹ 6,771 and ₹ 
5,453 as at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 respectively were neither past due nor impaired.
  
  Financial assets that ar
e past due but not impaired
  
  Th
e Group’s credit year is generally 75 to 90 days. The ageing analysis of the trade receivables has been 
considered from the date the invoice falls due. The age wise break up of receivables, net of allowances that are 
past due, is given below:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired  6,772  5,453 
Financial assets that are past due but not impaired
Past due 0-30 days  -    -   
Past due 31-90 days  915  -   
Past due 91-365 days  10  858 
More than 1 year  5  11 
 7,702  6,322 
  
  Th
e Group believes that the unimpaired amount that are past due are still collectible in full, based on historic 
payment behaviour and extensive analysis of customer credit risk, including underlying customers’ credit ratings.
 (ii)  
 Liquidity risk
  
 Li
quidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting its financial obligations as they fall due. The 
Group’s approach to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to 
meet its liabilities when due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or 
risking damage to the Group’s reputation.
  
 Ma
nagement monitors the Group’s net liquidity position through rolling forecasts on the basis of expected cash flows. 
As of 31 March 2026, cash and cash equivalents are held with major banks and financial institutions.
  Th
e following are the significant unobservable inputs used in measuring Level 3 fair values for financial instruments 
measured at fair value in the balance sheet:
  Si
gnificant unobservable inputs are mainly - the present value of the expected future payments and risk-adjusted discount 
rate in the range of 13.5% - 22% .
  In
ter-relationship between significant unobservable inputs and fair value measurement- The estimated fair value would 
increase (decrease) if:
 -  
 th
e present value of the expected future payments were higher (lower); or
 -  
 th
e risk adjusted discount rate were lower (higher).
  De
tails of commitment liability and contingent consideration considered under Level 3 classification  
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year  152  987 
Additions (refer note 7a, 7b, 7c and 7d)  2,725  149 
Reversal  -    (159)
Payouts  -    (865)
Accretion of interest  40  29 
Translation adjustment  (2)  11 
Balance at the end of the year  2,915  152 
27 (b). Financial risk management
  Th
e Group has exposure to the credit, liquidity and market risks from its use of financial instruments. This note presents 
information about the Group’s exposure to each of the above risks, the Group’s objectives, policies and processes for 
measuring and managing risk, and the Group’s management of capital. Further quantitative disclosures are included in 
these consolidated financial statements.
  Risk management frame
work
  Th
e Board of Directors have the overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk management 
framework. The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, 
to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and 
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities. The Group through its 
training and management standards and procedures aims to develop a disciplined and constructive control environment 
in which all employees understand their rules and obligations.
 (i)  
 Credit risk
  
 Cr
edit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet 
its contractual obligations and arises principally from the Group’s receivables from customers and investments. The 
carrying amount of financial assets represents the maximum credit exposure. Refer note 12 for movement in expected 
credit loss allowance.
  (a)  
 Inves
tment (at amortised cost)
  
  In
lcudes investments in US Treasury Bills  having a Aaa rating assigned by the credit rating agencies.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
358 359
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 199 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
   Qu arterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the subsidiary company, as applicable, are in agreement 
with the books of account.
 (iii)  
 Marke
t risk
  
 Ma
rket risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes 
in market prices. Market risk comprises interest rate risk and currency risk financial instruments affected by market 
risk include trade receivables, trade payables and  borrowings. The objective of market risk management is to manage 
and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters while optimizing the return.
  (a)  
 For
eign currency risk
  
  Th
e Group operates internationally and a major portion of its business is transacted in several currencies. 
Consequently, the Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk through receiving payment for sales and services 
in the United States and elsewhere, and making purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. 
The exchange rate risk primarily arises from foreign exchange revenue, receivables, cash balances, forecasted 
cash flows and payables. A significant portion of the Group’s revenue is in the U.S. Dollar and the Euro, while 
a large portion of costs are in Indian rupees. The exchange rate between the rupee and these currencies has 
fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to fluctuate in the future. Appreciation of the rupee 
against these currencies can adversely affect the Group’s results of operations.
  
  Th
e below table presents foreign currency risk from non-derivative financial instruments as of 31 March 2026 
and 31 March 2025:
  
  As at 31 Mar
ch 2026
Particulars  USD  EURO Others*
Trade payables  34  48  22 
Trade receivables  161  923  84 
Cash and Bank balances  195  182  28 
Other financial assets  119  0  1 
Other financial liabilities  21  298  93 
  
  As at 31 Mar
ch 2025
Particulars  USD  EURO Others*
Trade payables  19  27  26 
Trade receivables  211  924  96 
Cash and Bank balances  32  22  171 
Other financial assets  10  10  10 
Other financial liabilities  26  378  24 
    *includes GBP, CAD, CHF, JPY, RSD, TWD, SGD, RMB
  
  As 
at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, respectively, every 1% increase/decrease of the USD and EURO 
currencies compared to functional currency of the Group would impact results by approximately ₹ 12 and ₹ 8 
respectively.
 
  
 Th
e table below provides details regarding the remaining contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities, 
including the estimated interest payments, at the reporting date.
  
 As at 31 Mar
ch 2026
Contractual cash flows Carrying 
value
6 months 
or less
6 months 
to 1 year
More than 
one year
Total
Trade payables  1,807  1,807  -    -    1,807 
Lease obligation  1,444  238  237  1,158  1,633 
Other financial liabilities  5,086  3,055  -    182  3,237 
  As at 31 Mar
ch 2025
Contractual cash flows Carrying 
value
6 months 
or less
6 months 
to 1 year
More than 
one year
Total
Trade payables  934  934  -   ^  934 
Lease obligation  1,016  146  146  841  1,133 
Other financial liabilities  1,300  1,151  -    156  1,307 
  
 Ex
cept for these financial liabilities, it is not expected that the cash flows included in the maturity analysis could occur 
significantly earlier, or at significantly different amounts.
  
 On 
28 March 2023, ILSL Holdings Inc. has entered into a USD 58,000,000 (31 March 2026: ₹ 5,444; 31 March 2025: 
₹ 4,961) secured credit agreement with M&T Bank as Administrative Agent and Lender. The credit facility consists 
of a USD 48,000,000 (31 March 2026: ₹ 4,505; 31 March 2025: ₹ 4,160) term loan and USD 10,000,000 (31 March 
2026: ₹ 939; 31 March 2025: ₹ 855) revolving credit facility. The lenders are M&T Bank and HSBC Bank USA, N.A. 
(HSBC Bank), providing term loan for USD 28,000,000 (31 March 2026: ₹ 2,628; 31 March 2025: ₹ 2,395) and 
USD 20,000,000 (31 March 2026: ₹ 1,877; 31 March 2025: ₹ 1,711) respectively and additional working capital 
facility from M&T Bank and HSBC Bank for USD 5,830,000 (31 March 2026: ₹ 547; 31 March 2025: ₹ 499) and USD 
4,170,000 (March 2026: ₹ 391; March 2025: ₹ 357) respectively, to re-finance the existing bridge loan and revolving 
credit facility outstanding from M&T Bank. Term loans taken from M&T bank and HSBC bank were for a period of 36 
months carrying an interest rate of SOFR +2.45% payable after a moratorium year of 12 months in respect of principal, 
starting March 2024 in 23 consecutive monthly equated instalments of USD 800,000 (31 March 2026: ₹ 94; 31 
March 2025: ₹ 68) and the balance payable in the last instalment due on March 2026. Tangible and intangible assets, 
including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, of the Group are pledged as security against the facility.  As 
at 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, the Group has not utilised any balance of the revolving credit facility.
  
 Ca
sh credit facilities availed from Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, 
HDFC Bank Limited, Barclay’s Bank PLC and Citibank N.A with the repayment term of 2 months to 12 months at an 
interest rate in the range of 5.88% - 11.55% p.a, which are secured against charge created on all current and movable 
assets of the Company and lien on fixed deposit maintained with these banks at treasury rates prevailing on date of 
disbursement (refer note 14). As at 31 March 2026, the closing balance : Nil (As at 31 March 2025: Nil).
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
360 361
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 200 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Step subsidiaries Country of 
Incorporation 
Percentage of 
holding (%)
Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH (2) Germany 100
Indegene Spain, S.L (4) Spain 100
Indegene Japan LLC (5) Japan 100
MJL Communications Group Ltd (6) England 100
Warn & Co Limited (10) UK 100
CAKE Kommunikations Holding GmbH (11) Germany 100
Subsidiaries of Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Inc (3) USA 100
Subsidiaries of MJL Communications Group Ltd
MJL Advertising Limited 
(7) England 100
Subsidiaries of Indegene Inc
Indegene Healthcare Canada Inc 
(14) Canada 100
Subsidiaries of Indegene Healthcare UK Limited
Trilogy Writing & Consulting Limited 
(13) England 100
DT Associates Research and Consulting Services Ltd (15) England 100
Subsidiaries of BioPharm Parent Holding Inc Group Ltd
Biopharm Communications, LLC 
(9) USA 100
Addressable Health LLC (9) USA 100
Subsidiaries of CAKE Kommunikations Holding GmbH Group Ltd
Cake Kommunikations GmbH (AT) 
(12) (16) Austria 100
CAKE Kommunikations AG (Switzerland) (12) Switzerland 100
Cake Kommunikations GmbH (DE) (12) Germany 100
  (1)Indegene Ireland Limited has acquired 100% equity shares from Indegene Limited w.e.f. 29 February 2024
  (2)Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 22 March 2024
  (3)Step down subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 22 March 2024
  (4)Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 12 November 2024
  (5)Indegene Ireland Limited has acquired 100% equity shares from Indegene Limited w.e.f. 22 January 2025
  (6)Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 25 March 2025  
  (7)Step down subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 25 March 2025  
  (8)Wholly owned subsidiary of ILSL Holdings Inc w.e.f 01 October 2025
  (9)Step down subsidiary of  ILSL Holdings Inc w.e.f 01 October 2025
  (10)Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 16 October 2025
  (11)Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 30 January 2026
  (12)Step down subsidiary of Indegene Ireland Limited w.e.f. 30 January 2026  
  (13)Step down subsidiary of Indegene Healthcare UK Limited w.e.f. 01 March 2026. Subsequently on 01 April 2026, merged with Indegene 
Healthcare UK Limited.
  (14)Wholly owned subsidiary of Indegene Inc, incorporated pursuant to amalgamation of Services Indegene Aptilon Inc and Trilogy Writing 
& Consulting ULC  w.e.f. 01 January 2026  
  (15)Step down subsidiary of Indegene Healthcare UK Limited w.e.f. 01 March 2026
  (16)70% Equity shares hold by CAKE Kommunikations Holding GmbH and 30% Equity shares hold by Indegene Ireland Limited.
28.   Capital risk management 
  For the purpose of the Group’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, share premium and all other 
e
quity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the parent. The primary objective of the Group’s capital management 
is to maximise the shareholder’s value.
  Th
e Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions and the 
requirements of the financial covenants. The capital is managed to ensure that the Group will be able to continue as a 
going concern while maximising the return to stakeholders through an optimum mix of debt and equity within the overall 
capital structure. 
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Borrowings  -    -   
Net debt (a)  -    -   
Equity share capital (Refer note 15a)  481  479 
Other equity (Refer note 15b)  30,906  25,677 
Total capital (b)  31,387  26,156 
Capital and net debt (c)  31,387  26,156 
Gearing ratio (a / c) Nil Nil
Total debt as a percentage of total equity (a / b) Nil Nil
  In o
rder to achieve this overall objective, the Group’s capital management, amongst other things, aims to maintain investor, 
creditor and market confidence and to sustain future development of the business.
29.   Related part y transactions
  List of subsidiaries and step subsidiaries as at 31 March 2026, are provided in the table below:
List of subsidiaries Country of 
Incorporation 
Percentage of 
holding (%)
ILSL Holdings Inc. USA 100
Indegene Healthcare Mexico S DE RL DE CV Mexico 100
Indegene Ireland Limited Ireland 100
Step subsidiaries Country of 
Incorporation 
Percentage of 
holding (%)
Subsidiaries of ILSL Holdings Inc
Indegene Inc USA 100
DT Associates Research and Consulting Inc Canada 100
Cult Health LLC USA 100
BioPharm Parent Holding Inc 
(8) USA 100
Subsidiaries of Indegene Ireland Limited
Indegene Healthcare Germany GmbH Germany 100
Indegene Fareast Pte Ltd Singapore 100
Indegene Europe LLC Switzerland 100
Indegene Lifesystems Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd (1) China 100
Indegene Healthcare UK Limited England 100
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
362 363
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 201 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
30.   Employee benefits
  The Group has classified various benefits provided to employees as under:
  Defined contribution plans
  Th
e Group makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect of qualifying 
employees towards provident fund, employee state insurance and labour welfare fund which is a defined contribution 
plan. The Group has no obligations other than to make the specified contributions. The contributions are charged to the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss as they accrue. The amount recognized as an expense towards contribution to 
provident fund, ESI and labour welfare fund are as follows:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Provident fund  371  345 
Labour welfare fund ^ ^
ESI contribution ^ ^
 371  345 
  Defined bene
fit plan 
  Th
e Group provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan (“the Gratuity Plan”) covering eligible employees. The 
Gratuity Plan provides a lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of 
employment, of an amount based on the respective employee’s salary and the tenure of employment with the Group. 
Under the Group’s gratuity scheme every employee who has completed 5 years or more of service, is eligible for gratuity 
on separation, worked out at 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for each completed year of service. There is no defined 
benefit plan applicable to the employees of the foreign subsidiary.
 
 
 Th
e present value of the obligation under such defined benefit plan is determined based on an actuarial valuation as at the 
reporting date using the projected unit credit method. The Group recognizes the net obligation of a defined benefit plan 
in its Consolidated Balance Sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and losses through re-measurements of the net defined 
benefit liability / (asset)  are recognized in Other Comprehensive Income and are not reclassified to Consolidated Statement 
of Profit or Loss in subsequent year.
  Th
e following table sets out the status of the Gratuity Plan as required under Ind AS 19 - Employee Benefits and amounts 
recognised in the Consolidated Financial Information:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
i.  
 Reconciliation of opening and closing balances o
f the present value 
of the defined benefit obligation
  Balance at the beginning of the year  611  472 
  Curr
ent service cost  136  117 
  Interes
t cost on obligation  42  34 
  Benefits paid  (51)  (33)
  The list o
f controlled trusts are:
Name of the entity Country of Incorporation 
Indegene Employee Welfare Trust  India 
Key management personnel (“KMP”)
Dr. Rajesh B Nair Non-Executive Director (earlier designated as Director)
Mr. Manish Gupta Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
Dr. Sanjay S Parikh Executive Director (earlier designated as Director)
Mr. Suhas Prabhu Chief Financial Officer
Ms. Srishti Kaushik Company Secretary
Dr. Ashish Gupta Non-Executive Independent Director
Mr. Jairaj Manohar Purandare Non-Executive Independent Director
Mr. Pravin Udhyavara Bhadya Rao Non-Executive Independent Director
Mr. Krishnamurthy Venugopala Tenneti Non-Executive Independent Director
Dr. Georgia Nikolakopoulou Papathomas Non-Executive Independent Director
Mr. Neeraj Bharadwaj Non-Executive Independent Director
Ms. Jill Mary DeSimone Non-Executive Independent Director
Mr. Mark Francis Dzialga Non-Executive Nominee Director
  Tr
ansactions with related parties during the years
Nature of transaction Name of related party   For the Y ear ended  
31 March 2026
For the Year ended  
31 March 2025
A. Short term benefits All KMP’s excluding independent 
directors
 123  122 
  Th
e above remuneration does not include gratuity and leave encashment as the same cannot be specifically identified.
  Th
e sitting fees and commission paid / accrued to non-executive independent directors is ₹42 and ₹33 for the year ended 
31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, respectively
  Terms and conditions o
f transactions with related parties
  Th
e transaction with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions and 
within ordinary course of business. Outstanding balances at the year-end are unsecured and interest free and settlement 
occurs in cash.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
364 365
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 202 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
 v.  Ac tuarial assumptions:
  (i)  
 Economic assumptions
  
  Th
e significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of the defined benefit obligation are the discount 
rate, the salary growth rate and the average remaining working life expectancy. The assumptions used for the 
valuation of the defined benefit obligation are as follows:  
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Discount rate (per annum) 7.25% 6.70%
Salary growth rate (per annum) 7.00% 7.00%
Expected average remaining working lives (years) 27.22  27.46 
  (ii)  
 Demographic assump
tions
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Retirement age (years) 60.00  60 
Mortality rate 100% of IALM 
2012-14
100% of IALM 
2012-14
Attrition rate (per annum) 12.50% 12.50%
Up to 30 years 12.00% 12.00%
From 31 to 44 years 13.00% 13.00%
Above 44 years 1.00% 1.00%
  
  Th
e defined benefit plan exposes the Company to actuarial risks, such as longevity, salary inflation risk, 
demographic risk and interest rate risk.  
 vi.   Sensitivity f
or significant actuarial assumptions is computed to show the movement in defined benefit obligation 
by 1 percentage. 
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Projected benefit obligation on current assumption  697  611 
Impact of change in discount rate by +1%  (78)  (71)
Impact of change in discount rate by -1%  93  86 
Impact of change in salary rate by +1%  93  85 
Impact of change in salary rate by -1%  (79)  (72)
Impact of change in attrition rate by +50%  (9)  (19)
Impact of change in attrition rate by -50%  8  22 
Impact of change in mortality rate by +1% ^ ^
Impact of change in mortality rate by -1% -^ ^
  
 Se
nsitivity to significant actuarial assumptions is computed by varying one actuarial assumption used for the valuation 
of the defined benefit obligation by one percentage, keeping all other actuarial assumptions constant. In practice, this 
is not probable, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated.
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
  Remeasurement loss/(
gains) recognized in Other Comprehensive 
Income
 -  
 from changes in financial assumptions  (48)  30 
 -  
 from changes in demogr
aphic assumptions -^  3 
 -  
 from e
xperience adjustments  8  (12)
Balance at the end of the year  696  611 
  N
o t e :  
  (L
oss)/Profit of ₹(21) and  ₹ ^  on re-measurement of defined employee benefit plans (net of tax) is recognised as part of 
retained earnings for the years ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, respectively.
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
ii.  
 Reconciliation of pr
esent value of the obligation and the fair value of 
the plan assets:
  Fair v
alue of plan assets at the end of the year  -    -   
  Pr
esent value of the defined benefit obligations at the end of the year  706  611 
  Liability r
ecognized in Consolidated Balance Sheet  706  611 
  C
urrent  49  26 
  Non-
current  657  585 
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
iii.  
 Amount recogniz
ed in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
in respect of defined benefit plans:
  Curr
ent service cost  136  117 
  Pas
t service cost  -    -   
  Inter
est cost  42  34 
  To
tal expenses included in employee benefits  178  151 
  Amount recogniz
ed in the Other Comprehensive Income in respect of defined benefit plans:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
iv.  
 Amount recogniz
ed in the Other Comprehensive Income in respect of 
defined benefit plans:
  Remeasurement  loss / (
gains) recognized in Other Comprehensive 
Income
 -  
 from changes in financial assumptions  (48)  30 
 -  
 from changes in demogr
aphic assumptions -^  3 
 -  
 from e
xperience adjustments  8  (12)
 (40)  21 
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
366 367
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 203 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
  Movement in deferred tax assets and liabilities
Particulars As on 
01 April 
2025
Credit/
(charge) in the 
Consolidated 
Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Translation 
adjustment
Credit/
(charge) 
in OCI
On account 
of business 
combination 
and others
As on 
 31 March 
2026
Property, plant and 
equipment
 11  (5)  (2)  -    -    4 
Intangible assets  34  74  (36)  -    (715)  (643)
Other Assets  (39)  (11)  (4)  -    -    (54)
Other financial liabilities  101  63  14  -    -    178 
Trade payables  65  97  12  -    -    174 
Unearned revenue  413  303  59  -    -    775 
Provision for employee 
benefits
 307  56  5  (10)  -    358 
Fair valuation of investments 
carried through profit or loss
 (88)  (42)  -    -    -    (130)
Derivative liability  -    -    (0)  17  -    17 
Others, net  94  (11)  6  -    (0)  89 
Net deferred tax assets  898  524  54  7  (715)  768 
Particulars As on 
01 April 
2024
Credit/
(charge) in the 
Consolidated 
Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Translation 
adjustment
Credit/
(charge) 
in OCI
On account 
of business 
combination 
and others
As on 
 31 March 
2025
Property, plant and 
equipment
 (41)  52  (0)  -    -    11 
Intangible assets  21  12  1  -    -    34 
Other Assets  (35)  (3)  (1)  -    -    (39)
Other financial liabilities  114  (16)  3  -    -    101 
Trade payables  62  1  2  -    -    65 
Unearned revenue  301  103  9  -    -    413 
Provision for employee 
benefits
 259  41  2  5  -    307 
Fair valuation of investments 
carried through profit or loss
 (30)  (58)  -    -    -    (88)
Derivative liability  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Others, net  58  32  5  -    (1)  94 
Net deferred tax assets  709  164  21  5  (1)  898 
   Expected maturit y analysis of the defined benefit plan in future years
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Within 1 year (next annual reporting year)  40  26 
2 to 5 years  184  152 
6 to 10 years  210  164 
More than 10 years  1,646  1,381 
Total expected payments  2,080  1,723 
 vii.  
 Weighted av
erage duration and the expected employers contribution for next year of the defined benefit plan:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Weighted average duration of the defined benefit plan (in years)  13  13 
The Group's best estimate of contribution during the next year*  -    -   
   *The scheme is managed on unfunded basis, hence, the next year contribution is taken as nil.
31.   Tax Expense
  Income tax expense has been allocated as follows:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Income tax expense as per the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss  1,239  1,326 
Income tax included in Other Comprehensive Income on:
Defined benefit plan actuarial gains  10  (5)
 Cash flow hedges  (17)  -   
Total income taxes  1,232  1,321 
  Income tax expense consis
ts of the following:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Current taxes
Domestic  707  630 
Foreign  1,056  861 
 1,763  1,491 
Deferred taxes
Domestic  (22)  (63)
Foreign  (509)  (107)
 (531)  (170)
Total income taxes  1,232  1,321 
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
368 369
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 204 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
32.   Earnings per share
Basic earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group by 
the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.  
Di
luted earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the owners of the parent by the 
weighted average number of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per equity share and also the weighted 
average number of equity shares that could have been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares, except 
where the results would be anti-dilutive. Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted as at the beginning of the 
year, unless issued at a later date.
 
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Profit for basic earning per share of face value of ₹2 each
Profit attributable to owners of the parent  4,011  4,067 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding  239,898,567  237,105,636 
Basic earnings per share (face value of ₹2 each)  16.72  17.15 
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Profit attributable to owners of the parent  4,011  4,067 
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding  239,898,567  237,105,636 
Effect of dilutive equivalent share options  1,452,668  1,816,993 
Diluted earnings per share  16.62  17.02 
33.   Commitment and contingencies
  Contingent liability is a possible obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the 
o
ccurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity or a 
present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured 
with sufficient reliability.
  Ad
ditionally, the Group believes that other disputes, lawsuits and claims, including commercial matters, which arise from 
time to time in the ordinary course of business will not have any material adverse effect on its financial statements in any 
given financial year.
  Income tax matter
s
  Th
e Group has received  tax demand orders for various assessment years the Group has filed appeals against such orders 
at various levels of income tax jurisdiction. The final order against the appeals made are yet be received. The management 
is of the view that these will not have any material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position or results of operations.
  Other commitment liability
  Es
timated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account and not provided for is ₹143 (31 March 2025: ₹9).
  Tr
ansfer Pricing matter
  Du
ring the year, the Company received a draft transfer pricing order dated 18 March 2026 pertaining to Assessment Year 
2023-24, issued by the Transfer Pricing Officer under the provisions of the Income tax Act, 1961, proposing adjustments 
to the Company’s returned income in respect of international transactions with associated enterprises.
  Th
e reconciliation between the provision of income tax and amounts computed by applying the Indian statutory income 
tax rate to profit before taxes is as follows:
Particulars For the year ended
31 March 2026
For the year ended
31 March 2025
Profit before taxes  5,250  5,393 
 5,250  5,393 
Enacted income tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Computed expected tax expense  1,321  1,357 
Effect off:
Income taxed at higher/(lower) rates  (178)  (5)
Changes in the unrecognised deferred tax assets  (53)  25 
Permanent differences  208  52 
FDII reduction  (71)  (71)
Taxes related to prior years  17  (33)
Deferred tax on Other Comprehensive Income line items  (7)  (5)
Others, net  (5)  1 
Total income taxes expenses  1,232  1,321 
  The components of de
ferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:
Particulars As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Property, plant and equipment  4  11 
Intangible assets  (643)  34 
Other Assets  (54)  (39)
Other financial liabilities  178  101 
Trade payables  174  65 
Unearned revenue  775  413 
Compensated absences  358  307 
Fair valuation of investments carried through profit or loss  (130)  (88)
Derivative liability  17  -   
Others, net  89  94 
Net deferred tax assets  768  898 
In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Group considers the extent to which it is probable that the deferred 
tax asset will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable 
profits during the years in which those temporary differences and tax loss carry forwards become deductible. The Group 
considers the expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in 
making this assessment. Based on this, the Group  believes that it is probable that the Group will realize the benefits of 
these deductible differences. The amount of deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the 
near term if the estimates of future taxable income during the carry-forward year are reduced.
 
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
370 371
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 205 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
35  b)   During the current year, the Group realigned its organisation structure by way of sale of investment in DT Associates 
R
esearch and Consulting Services Limited (subsidiary of ILSL Holding Inc.) and Trilogy Writing and Consulting 
Limited (subsidiary of Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH) to Indegene Healthcare UK Limited (subsidiary of Indegene 
Ireland Limited) for a consideration of GBP 2,001,000 and GBP 702,348 respectively, pursuant to a Share Purchase 
Agreement dated 01 March 2026.
  
 Co
nsidering the above share transfers done are within the same Group wherein both were ultimately controlled by the 
Company before and after the transfer and such control not being transitory, the share transfer has been accounted for 
as a business combination of entities under common control in accordance with Ind AS 103 – Business Combinations.
36.   Corporate Social Responsibility (‘CSR’)  
Particulars Year ended
31 March 2026
Year ended
31 March 2025
a.  
 Amount requir
ed to be spent by the Company during the year 36  32 
b.  
 Amount appro
ved by the Board to be spent during the year 36  32 
c.  
 Amount of expenditur
e incurred
  (i)  
 Cons
truction/acquisition of any asset  -    -   
  (ii)  
 On purposes other than (i) abov
e 36  32 
d.  
 Short
fall at the end of the year  -    -   
e.  
 Total of pr
evious years shortfall  -    -   
f.  
 Reason for shor
tfall  NA  NA 
g.  
 Nature of C
SR activities  Education, Health, Technology 
h.  
 Details of r
elated party transactions, e.g., contribution to a trust 
controlled by the company in relation to CSR expenditure as per 
relevant Accounting Standard
 -    -   
i.  
 where a pr
ovision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering 
into a contractual obligation, the movements in the provision during the 
year shall be shown separately.
 -    -   
  No
te: CSR unspent balance as on 31 March 2026 is ₹11 and as on 31 March 2025 ₹8 which was subsequently transferred 
to CSR unspent bank account on 28 April 2026 and 25 April 2025, respectively.
37.  Exceptional items
Particulars Year ended
31 March 2026
Year ended
31 March 2025
Litigation expenses(1)  203  -   
 203  -   
  (1)During the year 2020-21, Indegene Inc. received summons in a civil case from District Court of New Jersey towards a lawsuit claiming 
that Indegene Inc has violated the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (‘TCPA’) by sending unsolicited fax advertisements 
without the recipient’s prior express invitation or permission.  
  Plaintiff initiated this matter through the filing of its Class Action Complaint against Indegene, Inc., Indegene Encima Inc., 
I
ndegene Wincere Inc., and Indegene Healthcare, LLC (collectively, “Indegene” or “Defendants”) seeking the Court to award 
actual monetary loss from the alleged TCPA violations in an amount to be proven in Court or the sum of USD 500 for each 
  Th
e proposed transfer pricing adjustment in the draft order aggregates to ₹ 1,114 million, the amount of tax demand 
will be as per the final order which is not received as on date. The Company has exercised its option to seek resolution 
of the proposed adjustment through the Mutual Agreement Procedure (MAP) in accordance with the applicable tax 
treaty provisions between India and the relevant treaty jurisdiction(s). The MAP application has been filed within the 
prescribed timelines.
  Ba
sed on management’s assessment, supported by external tax advice, and considering the merits of the case, including 
the Company’s transfer pricing documentation, economic analyses, and relevant judicial precedents, management believes 
that the matter is effectively contestable and that it is not probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle 
the obligation
  Ac
cordingly, no provision has been recognised in the financial statements as at the reporting date, and the proposed 
exposure has been disclosed as a contingent liability, pending resolution under the MAP process.
  Others:
  Th
e Group has received  tax demand orders for various assessment years the Group has filed appeals against such orders 
at various levels of income tax jurisdiction. The final order against the appeals made are yet be received. The management 
is of the view that these will not have any material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position or results of operations.
34.  Impact of New Labour Code
  On 21 November, 2025, the Government of India notified provisions of the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations 
C
ode, 2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020 and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, 
(‘Labour Codes’) which consolidate twenty-nine existing labour laws into a unified framework governing employee benefits 
during employment and post-employment. The Labour Codes, amongst other things introduces changes, including a uniform 
definition of wages and enhanced benefits relating to leave. The Company has considered restructured compensation of 
its employees with effect from 01 April 2026 and assessed the impact of the changes, consistent with the Labour Codes, 
draft rules, FAQs and legal opinion. The Company based on the evaluation of the labour code has concluded that these 
changes do not have any material impact on the Company’s Financial Statements. In case of any further clarification from 
the Government on other aspects of the New Labour Codes, the Company will evaluate and account for differential impact, 
if any, in subsequent periods on the Financial Statements.
35  a)   During the current year, the Company’s step-down subsidiary Trilogy Writing & Consulting GmbH (subsidiary of 
I
ndegene Ireland Limited) transferred its investment in Trilogy Writing & Consulting Inc. (formerly known as Trilogy 
Writing & Consulting ULC) to Indegene Inc. for consideration of EURO 329,014 pursuant to a Share Purchase 
Agreement dated 30 December 2025 with effective date of Transfer being 31 December 2025. 
  
 Su
bsequent to the above transfer, Indegene Aptilon Services, Inc. (a subsidiary of Indegene Inc.) and Trilogy Writing & 
Consulting Inc. were amalgamated to form Indegene Healthcare Canada Inc. effective 01 January 2026 in accordance 
with the terms of the agreement.
  
 Co
nsidering the above share transfer and amalgamation done are within the same Group wherein both were ultimately 
controlled by the Company before and after the amalgamation, and such control not being transitory, the share transfer 
and amalgamation has been accounted for as a business combination of entities under common control in accordance 
with Ind AS 103 – Business Combinations.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
372 373
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 206 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
  No funds have been received by the Company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Parties), 
w
ith the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall (i) directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate 
Beneficiaries) or (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
40.  IPO Fund Utilization
  During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Company had completed Initial Public Offer (IPO) of 40,766,550 equity shares 
o
f face value of ₹ 2 each at an issue price of ₹452 per share (Issue price of ₹422, including a share premium of ₹420 per 
share, for employee quota towards fresh issue), comprising fresh issue of 16,833,818 shares aggregating to ₹7,600 and 
offer for sale of 23,932,732 shares by selling shareholders aggregating to ₹10,818. The equity shares of the Company 
are listed in National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE) on 13 May 2024. The Company has 
received an amount of  ₹7,246
(1) (net of Company’s share of IPO expenses of ₹354, retained in the Public Offer Account 
to the extent unpaid) from the proceeds of the fresh issue. Out of the Company’s shares of IPO expenses ₹319 has been 
adjusted to securities premium. 
  Th
e utilization of IPO proceeds of ₹7,246 (1) is summarized below:
Particulars Amount to be 
utilised as per 
offer document(1)
Amount utilized 
up to
31 March 2026
Amount Unutilised 
as on
31 March 2026
Repayment/prepayment of indebtedness of one of 
the Material Subsidiaries, ILSL Holdings, Inc.(2)
 3,950  3,950  -   
Funding the capital expenditure requirements of 
our Company and one of our Material Subsidiaries, 
Indegene, Inc. 
(1)
 644  577  67 
Technology, Cybersecurity and Cloud infrastructure 
related cost 
(1)
 350  253  97 
General corporate purposes and inorganic growth  2,302  2,294  8 
Total utilisation of funds  7,246  7,074  172 
  (1)Pursuant to the Special Resolution passed at the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 12 August 2025, the Company has revised the objects 
as per offer document. As per the revised objects, an amount of ₹37 is adjusted from funding capital expenditure requirements towards 
repayment of indebtedness of ILSL Holdings, Inc for the difference arising due to exchange rate fluctuation as on the date of offer 
document and as on the date of repayment. Further, an amount of ₹350 is reclassified from funding capital expenditure requirement 
towards utilization for services including cloud infrastructure and security services, productivity tools, cybersecurity and support services 
availed by the Company and Indegene Inc. Further, the Board of Directors of the Company has approved the transfer of unutilized IPO 
expense towards funding capital expenditure requirement by way of Board Resolution passed on 29 January 2026. The unutilized 
amount of ₹2 has been transferred to the net IPO proceeds, thereby increasing it from ₹7244 to ₹7246 and earmarked for funding 
capital expenditure requirements at the Company’s office premises.
  (2)During the year ended 31 March 2025, the Company has repaid loan of USD 47.20 Million (₹3,950) outstanding in the books of ILSL 
Holdings Inc. (material subsidiary), in line with Object 1 of the offer document. The amount of ₹37 utilised over and above the maximum 
amount specified as per the original amount as per offer document of ₹3,913 was due to exchange rate fluctuation as on the date of 
offer document and as on the date of payment. The Special Resolution passed on 12 August 2025 revises the object amount to adjust 
this difference.
  Out of the net proceeds which were unutilised as at 31 March 2026, ₹151 (31 March 2025: ₹980) are temporarily invested 
i
n fixed deposits, ₹19 (31 March 2025: ₹41) is held in the Company’s monitoring account, while the balance amount of ₹2 
(31 March 2025: Nil) is held in the public offer account.  
vi
olation, whichever is greater, and that the Court award treble damages of USD 1,500 if the violations are deemed wilful 
or knowing. Additionally, the Plaintiff seeks the Court award pre-judgment interest and costs, to be determined upon 
presentation of suitable evidentiary support. 
  Du
ring the year ended 31 March 2026, the matter progressed to mediation and the Group agreed in principle to a mediator-
proposed settlement framework providing for a maximum settlement amount of Rs. 417 (USD 4.72 million). The proposed 
settlement is structured as a claims-made arrangement, whereby the actual outflow is contingent upon valid claims 
submitted by eligible class members, and unclaimed amounts, if any, revert to the Group. The proposed settlement remains 
subject to execution of definitive agreements and approval by the Court.
  Ba
sed on the current status of the proceedings and Group’s assessment, supported by external legal advice, the Group 
has concluded that a present obligation exists and that an outflow of economic resources is probable and can be reliably 
estimated. Accordingly, the Group has recognised a provision of Rs. 203 (USD 2.30 million), including estimated legal 
costs, representing best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation as at the reporting date.
 
 
 Th
e actual outcome may differ from the amount recognised, depending on the number of valid claims submitted, finalisation 
of settlement terms and the outcome of the Court approval process.
38.  Additional regulator y information
 a)   Th e Group has not entered into any scheme of arrangement which has an accounting impact during the current or 
previous financial year.
 b)
   Th
e Group does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the Group 
for holding any Benami property.
 c)  
 Th
e Group did not have any material transactions with companies struck off.
 d)  
 Th
e Group has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets or 
both during the current or previous year.
 e)  
 Th
e Group has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
 f)  
 Th
e Group has not any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or 
survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
 g)
   Th
e Group has borrowings from banks and financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. The quarterly 
returns or statements of current assets filed by the group with banks and financial institutions are in agreement with 
the books of accounts.
 h)
   No
ne of the entities in the Group have been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government 
or any government authority.
 i)  
 Th
e Group has complied with the number of layers prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013.
39.   No funds have been advanced/ loaned / invested (from borrowed funds or from share premium or from any other sources/
k
ind of funds) by the Company to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries), with the 
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Intermediary shall (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or 
(ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries, other than the investments made 
in Indegene Ireland Limited in the ordinary course of business and in keeping with the applicable regulatory requirements 
for investment in subsidiaries (Warn & Co Limited and CAKE Kommunikations Holding GmbH Group Ltd.). The aforesaid 
investments have been eilminated in the consolidated financial statements.
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
374 375
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 207 =====
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
Notes forming part of the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in ₹ millions, except share data and where otherwise stated) 
42.   Subsequent ev ents
  The Group has evaluated all events or transactions that occurred after 31 March 2026 up through 29 April 2026, the date 
t
he financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors.
  Th
e Board of Directors, in its meeting on 29 April 2026, have proposed a final dividend of ₹2.25 per equity shares for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2026. The proposal is subject to the approval of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting and if approved would result in a cash outflow of approximately ₹542.
for and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
Indegene Limited
Manish Gupta
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
DIN: 00219273
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Dr. Sanjay Parikh
Executive Director
DIN: 00219278
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Suhas Prabhu
Chief Financial Officer
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
Srishti Kaushik
Company Secretary
Place: Bengaluru
Date: 29 April 2026
41.   Additional information pur suant to paragraph 2 of Division II of Schedule III to the Companies Act 2013 · 
‘General instructions for the preparation of Consolidated Financial Information’ of Division II of Schedule III:
As at 31 March 2026 Net assets Share in profit 
or loss
Share in Other 
comprehensive 
income
Share in total 
Comprehensive 
income
Indegene Limited  20,801  2,120  (25)  2,095 
66% 53% -2% 39%
Subsidiary - Foreign*
ILSL Holdings Inc., USA  11,921  873  540  1,413 
38% 22% 39% 26%
Indegene Ireland Limited, Ireland  6,041  403  771  1,174 
19% 10% 55% 22%
Indegene Healthcare  
Mexico S DE RL DE CV
 (2)  (1) ^  (1)
0% 0% 0% 0%
Subtotal  38,761  3,395  1,286  4,681 
123% 85% 92% 87%
Adjustment arising out of consolidation  (7,374)  616  108  724 
-23% 15% 8% 13%
Total  31,387  4,011  1,394  5,405 
 *These are consolidated figures of subsidiaries including step subsidiaries (refer note 29 for details).
As at 31 March 2025 Net assets Share in profit 
or loss
Share in Other 
comprehensive 
income
Share in total 
Comprehensive 
income
Indegene Limited  18,882  1,813  (13)  1,800 
72% 45% -5% 42%
Subsidiary - Foreign*
ILSL Holdings Inc., USA  9,997  2,351  217  2,568 
38% 58% 85% 59%
Indegene Ireland Limited, Ireland  2,894  37  76  113 
11% 1% 30% 3%
Indegene Healthcare  
Mexico S DE RL DE CV
^ ^ ^ ^
0% 0% 0% 0%
Subtotal  31,773  4,201  280  4,481 
121% 103% 109% 104%
Adjustment arising out of consolidation  (5,617)  (134)  (24)  (158)
-21% -3% -9% -4%
Total  26,156  4,067  256  4,323 
 *These are consolidated figures of subsidiaries including step subsidiaries (refer note 29 for details).
Indegene Limited Annual Report 2025-26 Financial Statement
376 377
Consolidated

===== PDF PAGE 208 =====
Registered Ofﬁce
Aspen Block G4, 3 rd Floor,  
Manyata Embassy Business Park,  
Outer Ring Road, Nagawara,  
Bengaluru 560 045, Karnataka, India
