[page 1]
 
 
   
 
  Date: August 17, 2026 
 
 
The Manager, DCS   
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655                                    
 
 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK   
 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript of  Earnings Call held on 10th August, 2026 in respect of the 
Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter ended 30th June, 2026 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
As earlier informed, a Conference Call with the inve stors and analysts held on Monday, 10 th August, 
2026 at at 11:30 A.M. I.S.T, to discuss the Q1 and FY 2027 results of the Company. 
 
In this regard, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid Earnings Call  for your 
information and records.  
The transcript of the Earnings Call is also available on the website of the Company at the following link: 
https://www.goodluckindia.com/investors-news.php 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
(Abhishek Agrawal) 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A20983 
 
Encl: as above 
  
 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
  
“Goodluck India Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
August 10, 2026 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M. C. GARG – CHAIRMAN– GOODLUCK INDIA 
LIMITED 
 MR. RAM AGGARWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- 
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. SANJAY BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. VINAY PANDIT – KAPTIFY CONSULTING LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Goodluck India Limited Q1 FY27 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Kaptify Consulting. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay 
Pandit from Kaptify. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vinay Pandit: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor Relations team. I 
welcome you all to the Q1 FY27 Post Earnings conference call of Goodluck Indi a Limited. 
Today, from the management team, we have with us Mr. M.C. Garg, Chairman; Mr. Ram 
Aggarwal, Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Sanjay Bansal, Chief Financial Officer. 
 I would now request the management to brief us about the business and performance highlights 
for the completed quarter, and then we'll open the floor for Q&A. Over to the management. 
M. C. Garg: Hello. This is M.C. Garg. Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to the Q1 FY27 
earnings conference call of Goodluck India Limited.  Thank you all for joining us and for your 
continued trust and support. FY27 has started on a strong note, and I'm pleased to say that 
transformation of Goodluck India is becoming increasingly visible in our financial performance 
and business profile. Over  the past few years, we have been consciously moving towards 
becoming the diversified, engineering -led company with a greater focus on value -added, 
technology-driven, application-specific products. 
 Today, our presence spans Defence aerospace, infrastructure, renewable energy, transmission 
and railways, automotive, construction equipment and other industrial applications. This 
diversification is making our business more resilient while improving the quality of our earnings. 
 Q1 performance reflects this progress. Revenue grew strongly, while profitability grew 
sustainably faster, supported by better product mix, higher utilization and operational 
efficiencies. 
 A particularly important development is the emergence of Defence as a growth engine. We have 
invested in this business in a long -term view and recent regulatory approval, demonstrate the 
progress we are making. We also continue to see strong structural opportunities in renewable 
energy, transmission infrastructure and railways, both in India and international markets. 
 Our export business is another important pillar of our progress. We serve customers across more 
than 100 countries. Continue to expand our global footprint despite challenges in the 
international trade. Going forward, our priorities are clear: scale the Defence business, increase 
the continuation of value-added engineering products, execute our domestic and international 
order book, improved capacity utilization and maintain disciplined capital allocation. 
 We believe the investment made over the last few years are creating multiple growth engines for 
Goodluck India. Our objective remains to build a stronger, more diversified, higher quality 
[page 4]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 3 of 20 
 
engineering company capable of delivering sustainable growth and superior long-term value for 
all our stakeholders. 
 With these remarks, I would now like to invite our CEO to take you through the operational 
performance in greater detail. Thank you. 
Ram Aggarwal: Thank you, sir. This is Ram Aggarwal. Good afternoon, everyone.  Thanks for joining us. Q1 
FY27 was a strong quarter operationally and demonstrates the progress of our strategy with 31% 
revenue growth, 46% EBITDA growth and 67% PAT growth with EBITDA margins above 10% 
mark. The key takeaway is that profitability is gro wing significantly faster than revenue, 
reflecting better product mix, capacity utilization and operational efficiencies. 
 On the volume side, stand -alone volume has increased 8.8% Y -o-Y to 1,22,718 metric tons, 
while annualized capacity utilization remain s strong at 98%. The most significant operational 
development during the quarter was the acceleration of our Defence business and has emerged 
as an important growth Driver. Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Limited received an order of 
INR255 crores for 155 mm long-range, ready-to-fill empty shells to be executed over 10 months. 
 In addition, it received an order of INR52 crores for 20,000 155 mm shell with execution over 
3 months. The near-term focus is now on converting these orders into production and deliveries 
while maintaining the stringent quality requirements applicable to Defence products. Goodluck 
Defence has also received DGQA quality assurance certificate for 107 Ready -to-Fill artillery 
shells. This strengthens our quality qualification for future opportunities. 
 As I have earlier said also, despite all the headwinds, your company has been successful in 
wading through the choppy waters. Today, energy, mobility and Defence are the pillars around 
which total global economy is moving around. Your company is well connected to these sectors, 
which are supporting these pillars. We talk of energy. We need infrastructure to support energy.  
 Power generation. We are making solar support structures for fixed and tilt both types to support 
renewable energy. In this energy deficient atmosphere, solar is supporting India to continue its 
strive to the future against 500 giga watt non-fossil fuel – non-fossil energy, 300 gigawatt has 
already been achieved out of this 164 gigawatt solar we have achieved so far. 55 gigawatts added 
in last year only. But this data shows only that there is a great market available for our solar 
products. 
 We are presently serving 30% plus market share of this sector. To transmit this energy across 
the states, we are making transmission line towers to the tune of 50,000 tons every year and to 
give power to the last mile, making substation structures.  This sector is likely to grow by 50% 
in next 2, 3 years. A road network, a pillar for the mobility and the railway network is required 
to attend this all. We are in road bridges, road safety barriers and in rail routes. 
 We are making steel railway bridge s and recently completed bullet train project from 
Ahmedabad to Mumbai. We see a 100% growth in this sector in coming 3, 4 years. To combat 
West Asia volatility to ease gas and petroleum product, government has recently announced 
INR80,000 crores incentive scheme to drill and transport oil. It needs new refineries, new oil 
[page 5]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 4 of 20 
 
blocks, new transfer lines. Y our company's forging division is a major supplier to all type of 
flanges, whether in the subsea or over the ground, whether it is SS, alloy or critical material, we 
are there, not only domestic but globally as well, like ADNOC, Saudi Aramco or any name you 
call. 
 The future is waiting for this product. We see almost 60% growth in the next 3, 4 years in this 
particular sector. Automobile is the area which defines current urban and rural India. 2-wheelers, 
4-wheelers, light motor vehicles, EVs, every item needs special structure, which are light in 
weight, but having same toughness and durability as the alternate like of seamless tube. Sector 
needs no introduction. July has seen the peak production of 4-wheelers. 
 Your company is present in a very specialized tube sector, CDW in America is DOM tubes, 
construction tubes, hydraulic tubes. We recently developed 245 mm OD into 17 mm size for 
hydraulic tube, which is an alternate to seamless tube being imported till today. We all will agree 
that world is passing through destruction by way of different wars and every destruction future 
is construction. 
 That is the reason U.S. is still procuring these special tubes even after 50% duty. We see a big 
opportunity in this segment. Right now, we are doing almost INR1,000 crores plus turnover in 
this product, and we would like to double it in the coming 4, 5 years. 
 And now we talk of an interesting sector, Defence, which has originated from our forging 
vertical. As wars are going on and many new ones are on the verge of eruption, mistrust and 
expansion of territories by World powers is leading the world in unknown territory. Friends and 
allies are turning foes. Now to talk of Russia, Ukraine or Israel Hamas or U.S. Iran. Many new 
fronts are likely to open. U.S. withdrawal from Red Sea has given anxiety to 27 European 
countries. 
 Continuing Iran attacks on Middle East has given birth to new NATO, Saudi, Turkey, Pakistan. 
Depleting U.S. stock also sends shivering to spine of its allies. What is the solution? Rearming 
is the only solution. Rearm Europe for EUR 850 million in next 5 years, rearm Gulf and the new 
one is replenish U.S. 
 India is racing against time to acquire new tech nologies, scaling up of military production, 
boosting up exports to earn foreign exchange, we have INR38,000 crores Defence export. Your 
company is available in this field. We have established a production of 150,000 shells of M107 
ERFB, it's latest version. Now technology is moving at the speed of light. So our R&D team is 
continuously working on future technologies of ammunition. 
 We want to become a reliable and precision supplier of fully RTF shells in future. Aerospace is 
another part where supplier -- where we will be putting capacity to become the part of ecosystem. 
India is lacking badly. Apart from AMCA, C -295, now part of Rafale is likely to be 
manufactured in India. A supplier ecosystem is a need of time. In all, company aims to achieve 
INR300 crores to INR350 crores target this year with a marked EBITDA of 30% to 35%. Future 
plans are ready. And soon, we will embark on execution of same. 
[page 6]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 5 of 20 
 
 Looking ahead, our focus for FY27 will be on 4 key areas: ramp -up of Defence production, 
execution of Defence order book, increasing contribution of value -added products, including 
ramp-up of hydraulic tubes division and continued growth in domestic and international 
infrastructure and transmission business. 
 We remain confident of delivering healthy growth in rev enue and profitability during FY27, 
supported by our strong order pipeline, optimum capacity utilization and increasing contribution 
from the Defence and specialized engineering business. At the same time, we will remain 
focused on cost discipline, operati onal efficiency and prudent capital allocation.  We believe 
Goodluck India is well positioned to build on this momentum through FY27 and beyond. 
 With this, I would like to conclude my opening remarks and request Mr. Bansal to give the 
details of the financials. 
Sanjay Bansal: Good morning. I am Sanjay Bansal, CFO. On behalf of Goodluck, welcome you all for joining 
us for the conference on performance of the company in Q1 of financial year '27. Regarding Q1 
performance stand -alone, the income from operations was at INR1,205.94 crores as against 
INR983.29 crores during Q1 of previous year. 
 However, EBITDA for the quarter increased by 15%, stood at INR110.53 crores as against 
INR95.78 crores. Profit after tax, including other comprehensive income was INR49.66 crores 
in Q1 of FY27 as compared to INR40.14 crores in Q1 of 2026. 
 The earnings per share has been at INR14.94 per share in Q1 '27 as against INR12.62 during Q1 
of previous year. Performance consolidated during Q1 of FY27 was again very good. Total 
income increased by 31% at INR1,287.44 crores as compared to INR983.29 crores during Q1 
of previous year. EBITDA was INR139.66 crores as against INR95.80 crores, registered an 
increase of 46%. 
 PAT during Q1 of current year was INR67.22 crores, registering a growth of 67% on a year-on-
year basis. Earnings per share stood at INR19.13 per share during Q1 of current year as against 
INR12.62 per share during FY26, registering a growth of 52% over previous year. On financial 
front, our interest cost and other expenses has marginally gone up due to increase in level of 
activity during Q1 of '27 as compared to previous year. Thank you very much. 
Vinay Pandit: Now we open the Q&A session. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question comes 
from the line of Nishita with Sapphire Capital. 
Nishita: Yes. So, I had a question on the listing of our Goodluck Defence subsidiary. So I just wanted to 
understand why are we not demerging the entity instead of listing it separately? Because if you 
have a list it separately, how are we going to create value for our current shareholders. So I just 
wanted to understand that. 
[page 7]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Ram Aggarwal: Basically, what we think today that company will be -- and we will be going for the listing on 
the basis of the future numbers. And as far as for the demerger, our consultants -- financial 
consultants has advised us for getting it listed separately in the favor of the shareholders. 
Nishita: Right. But the current shareholders who will get the 1:1 benefit of the company. So how is it 
going to create value for the current shareholders of the company? 
Ram Aggarwal: But this current listing, listing will also create the value for the current shareholders as well. As 
the company will move forward, it is for the benefit of the shareholders only. 
 It is a subsidiary of the Goodluck India. So shareholders of all this Goodluck Group will get 
benefited by this. 
Nishita: Right understood. And my next question is that we had a growth of around in this quarter. So do 
we foresee this growth continuing throughout the year? What kind of growth do we see for 
FY27? 
Ram Aggarwal: You hope that the growth, whatever we have registered this quarter, it should sustain in the near 
future also. 
Nishita: And the margins also? 
Sanjay Bansal: Margins, it is a range bound. What is the 30% to 35% range bound margin should be there as we 
expect. 
Nishita: Okay. I understand. And my last question is on the Defence order book. So currently, we have 
an order book of around INR300 crores, which is going to be executed in the next 10 months. 
So do we have any order book pipeline where we are in the orders? What -- if you can quantify 
the order pipeline for the Defence? 
Ram Aggarwal: Order pipeline is quite good. we have a good visibility. But this is -- but it all depends on 
whatever advances we get on that basis only, we declare the orders. But be rest assured, there is 
a good pipeline. There is no doubt of orders for this product right now for the company. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Shubham with 3A Financial Services. 
Shubham: First of all, congratulations on a great set of numbers. I just had a couple of questions regarding 
the order win from the Defence segment. The company secured an order of INR255 crores. 
However, the volume wasn't mentioned on how many shells we'd be supplying. So can the 
management, first of all, clarify that? 
Ram Aggarwal: Basically, we only -- we declared this INR255 crores, it is approximately 50,000 shells. 
Shubham: Okay. So if I compare the realizations with the order win of INR52 crores versus the order win 
of INR255 crores, the realization is almost doubled. So what is the reason? 
Ram Aggarwal: These are different versions of shell, first is M107 and second is ERFB. These are... 
[page 8]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Shubham: And 107 will be 50,000 shell. 
Ram Aggarwal: It depends on the range of the shell. The first one is 18 kilometers. Second one is 38 -kilometer 
range. 
Shubham: Okay. So the 18 kilometers would it be the 20,000 shells order? 
Ram Aggarwal: Yes. 
Shubham: Okay. And the company recently clarified to the extent that the expected ramp -up would take 
place in H1 of FY28, if I'm not wrong, September or October of FY28. However, initially, the 
management has said that the expansion would be completed by end of FY27. So what is the 
reason for the 6-month delay of the ramp-up? 
Ram Aggarwal: Basically, it is a financial closure. Now the financial closure is being done nowadays. So as soon 
as the financial closure is over, we will start the ramping of the production as we had said. So 
that is why there is a delay due to the financial closure of the project. 
Shubham: Okay. But we are confident that we'll achieve the expansion by H1 FY28? 
Ram Aggarwal: We will definitely get it. It all depends on the approvals and regulatory systems because that is 
a major point in this all, whatever we plan, approvals and regulations are always important. They 
may take time, which is beyond our control. 
Shubham: Okay. And one last question would be that what can be the expected time line on when we can 
IPO the Defence segment, if you can clarify? 
Ram Aggarwal: We hope that 18 months from today, it should be the time. But however, again , it will depend 
on the approvals and the systems. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Prateek Bhandari with AART Ventures. 
Prateek Bhandari: Just a clarification, you quoted that Defence revenue for FY27 would range between INR350 
crores and INR400 crores, whereas when you alluded last time, you mentioned the range would 
be INR250 crores to INR300 crores because the entire additional capacity of 250,000 shells 
would not get too much of time because it would start in the next year. So can yo u just clarify 
on that? 
Ram Aggarwal: First of all, I just clarified that the new project -- new project is delayed as we have declared in 
the SEBI filing also. Number two, the turnover what we expected this year, it is from INR300 
crores to INR350 crores. And the future turnover was expected on the basis of only plant going 
on stream, but it has got delayed. So it will be delayed by the month of the expansion. 
Prateek Bhandari: Okay. And the margin trajectory would range between 30%, 35%? 
Ram Aggarwal: Yes. We hope so that this margin should sustain. 
[page 9]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Prateek Bhandari: All right. And if you can clarify as to what was the quantum of Defence revenue for the first 
quarter, revenue and EBITDA? 
Ram Aggarwal: It was 80 crores and with a EBITDA of 38%. 
Prateek Bhandari: 80 crores revenue with 38% EBITDA, right? 
Ram Aggarwal: Yes. 
Prateek Bhandari: Okay. And just one last question. On your debt repayment schedule, you mentioned that you 
would be repaying around INR50 crores, INR55 crores of debt. Have we repaid any in the first 
quarter? 
Sanjay Bansal: Yes. We have repaid INR25 crores. 
Prateek Bhandari: And the total quantum of debt repayment is INR54 crores for FY27, right? 
Sanjay Bansal: It would be INR62 crores. 
Prateek Bhandari: So we would be paying a higher debt. 
Management: Very well. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Shikhar Mundra with Vivog Commercial. 
Shikhar Mundra: So my question is for the subsidiary, Aerospace and Defence. Why did we raise funds from 
external investors? Why not get a rig hts issue in Goodluck India itself? And so that the whole 
benefit would have been with the shareholders of Goodluck India. And also, when you list the 
subsidiary, the shareholders of Goodluck India won't be getting shares of Goodluck Aerospace 
and Defence directly in their accounts. So how will it be beneficial for the shareholders of 
Goodluck India? 
Management: Sir, Goodluck Defence and Aerospace remains a subsidiary of Goodluck India -- so anyhow, 
whatever Goodluck India will get, Goodluck India shareholders will also get. So for the interest 
of the company, we feel that this company should be listed because this company has to go far. 
So funds will be needed. And for that perspective only, we are taking it to the public. 
Shikhar Mundra: So wouldn't have b een -- would have a rights issue Earlier, if you would have bought a rights 
issue Goodluck India and that invested that money for Goodluck Defence and Aerospace. And 
now we would have listed it, then the shareholders of Goodluck India would also have got shares 
of Goodluck Defence directly. So that structure would have made more sense, right? 
Ram Aggarwal: Actually, there are 2 views. Your view is also appreciable. But our financial adviser, they have 
preferred this route. That is why we have taken this route. 
Shikhar Mundra: No I just wanted to understand, sir, because I don't want Goodluck shareholders will be at a 
discount because when you get a subsidiary value, Goodluck, the real value of shares does not 
get reflected in Goodluck market capitalization. That is the problem with all these holding 
[page 10]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 9 of 20 
 
companies get a lot of discounts. So we should not have been lost because. See, if you had a 
problem in raising money in Goodluck, then for all practical purpose, you should collapse shares 
of your Defence company to the Goodluck shareholders. 
 And so that Goodluck Defence company benefit is also passed on to Goodluck shareholders. 
You may be holding it 80%, 70% in Goodluck, but that discounting will be huge. You say 
Goodluck, eventually, Goodluck Defence will quote as INR100 and Goodluck value will get 
value of only INR70 or INR60 proportionate to their market capitalization. And this is a problem. 
See I understand. 
 Now Reliance also went for -- Reliance Jio, eventually, Reliance Industries shareholders will 
get Reliance Jio shares. And the promoter of Reliance Industries will directly hold shares in 
Reliance Jio. So you should have that practice because your company is also professionally 
managed. These are all typical style of the old traditional promot ers who try to control the 
company through their holding company. 
Ram Aggarwal: I appreciate. So we will take it -- we will keep it in mind. 
Shikhar Mundra: Yes. That is why I am on the record so that you realize after 2 years when your Defence company 
will get a huge premium and the shareholders of Goodluck will be at a discount. So I kindly 
consider my request, you should immediately demerge this company and allot the shares of the 
Defence company to the -- directly to the allottees of Goodluc k shareholders and list that 
company also eventually when you go for listing. I understand Goodluck is run by thorough 
professionals. 
Management: Yes, yes. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Ritika S heth with Anantaya Wealth Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Ritika Sheth: So, thank you for a good set of numbers in the Q1. One important question which we would like 
to highlight is what is the overall -- where are we today in terms of overall realization, which we 
expected it to reach in the nex t 3 years at INR9,000 per ton. Where are we today? So that's the 
first question. 
Ram Aggarwal: You want to know when you will reach INR9,000 overall per ton? 
Ritika Sheth: Correct, correct. Overall realization in Q4, we had mentioned that we were somewhere  around 
INR7,000 per ton. And our anticipation forecast was about -- in the next 3 years should be around 
INR9,000 per ton. So what -- where are we today? Where are we starting today is the general 
question. 
Ram Aggarwal: In this quarter, it has not increased much. But in the coming quarters, because this quarter was 
impacted by the West Asia crisis. So we hope in the coming quarters, what guidelines Chairman 
sir had given, we will achieve it, not an issue because we are on the right path. 
[page 11]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Ritika Sheth: Okay. Noted, sir. Second question is in the precision pipe and auto tube segment as well as the 
pipes and CR sheet segment. In these 2 segments, in particular, what are our respective margins? 
Because we haven't given a margin breakdown in terms of these 2 segments. 
Ram Aggarwal: In terms of EBITDA, this pipe and CR, it is normally 3% to 5% margins. And in the Precision 
Tube it is 12% to 13% EBITDA margins. 
Ritika Sheth: Okay. And what about the solar engineering structures and solar? 
Ram Aggarwal: Solar is normally 7% to 8%, and this infrastructure is normally 10% to 11%. 
Ritika Sheth: Okay. Okay. Perfect. And what are the key risks at this point of time which you see -- do you 
see any input cost risks as of now with the positive developments in the geopolitical tensions? 
Ram Aggarwal: Yes, yes. Input cost risk is very high because war is going up and down. We never know when 
the war will start, when the war will stop. So all the petroleum products get volatile and the 
petroleum products are in every product, whether we use packing material, whether we use gas, 
everywhere, this is a petroleum. So yes, definitely, it is a cause of concern. And moreover, the 
logistic cost, it goes up and down by this West Asia crisis. So that is a concern. And we have 
seized all the problem, and we are taking steps to mitigate this effect to our working. 
Ritika Sheth: Okay. And lastly, what are the -- our EBITDA margins for the forging sector? 
Ram Aggarwal: In our case, it is normally 12% to 13%. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Ronak Singhvi with NAFA Asset Managers. Please 
go ahead. 
Ronak Singhvi: Okay. So why is the Defence segment not disclosed separately in the financial results given its 
increasing contribution to the company's overall business? 
Ram Aggarwal: Your question is not audible. 
Ronak Singhvi: Hello, is it audible now? 
Ram Aggarwal: Yes, sir. 
Ronak Singhvi: So why is the Defence segment not disclosed separately in the financial results, given it's 
increasing contribution to the company's overall business? 
Ram Aggarwal: In consolidated, we have given. 
Ronak Singhvi: Consolidated, it will come. I'm asking the segment results separately. 
Ram Aggarwal: Yes, yes. It is given -- stand-alone, we have given, Defence we have given and consolidated also 
given. 
Ronak Singhvi: No, no, the result sheet doesn't have segment classification. 
[page 12]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Sanjay Bansal: This is only 1 segment, iron and steel, even Defence sector, it falls under iron and steel segment 
only. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Amish Kanani with Knowise Investment Managers. 
Amish Kanani: Congrats on a very good set of numbers. Sir, if you can -- there was this transaction where we 
have raised some INR285 crores at a price of INR375 for our Defence subsidiary. So sir, given 
that the annual report for FY26 is not out, there is some implied valuation that we have done for 
the subsidiary. If you can update us on that, sir? Hello? 
Management: Hello? Yes. Can you come again? 
Amish Kanani: Sir, we have raised INR285 crores at a rate of INR375 of our Defence subsidiary. So if you can 
give us some sense of how many shares or what is the valuation at which this Defence aerospace 
subsidiary is valued because it's very clear that we have implied a valuation of our subsidiary 
and diluted. So if you can give us some sense of the valuation. 
Sanjay Bansal: So it is a simple math. We have given the amount which we are intend to raise, it is INR285 
crores, and we have given the per share rate also INR375. So you can easily calculate how much 
shares... 
Amish Kanani: Sir, in that, there the no number of shares given, that's why.  The outstanding shares of Defence 
and aerospace at this point in time. Sir, because we don't have an annual report of -- latest annual 
report of our company as well. 
Ram Aggarwal: We will have at this time, we are issuing almost 75 lakh shares. 
Amish Kanani: And what is the total outstanding shares of our subsidiary as of now, sir? 
Management: Before the issue, outstanding number of shares was INR4.91 crores. 
Amish Kanani: 4.91 crores outstanding and they have issued 0.75 crores. 
Management: So if we are coming out after this preferential issue, it will be 5.66 total. 
Amish Kanani: 5.6 crores is crores or number of shares, sir? 
Ram Aggarwal: Number of shares. 
Amish Kanani: Number of shares. I got it, sir. Yes, that helps at least in terms of some clarification. And sir, if 
you can also give us some sense of the overall update on overall guidance. You've given us some 
guidance on the revenue side for the Defence, but Defence as a percentage of total, how would 
it be? Or maybe overall, what will be the consolidated growth rate or a stand-alone growth rate, 
excluding Defence for the year? Because what I've seen, sir, the exports is doing well again for 
the first quarter. And there is seemingly EU as a region probably has started to kind of give us 
some sense of growth. So one, where is the growth on the exports coming? And second, outlook 
on exports, if possible, sir? 
[page 13]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Management: The growth for exports i s coming both from the U.S. and Europe. The outlook positive at the 
moment. But again, depends on international geopolitical situation, which is very much evolving 
on a daily basis. 
Amish Kanani: I appreciate, sir. And any sense of what was the first quarter growth of exports we can imply 
from the presentation budgets for the benefit -- quick benefit. And whether we should assume 
either if you can give us some sense of the order book or a pipeline from the exports, it will help 
us kind of understand the growth prospects for exports, sir? 
Management: Was around 53% -- for this quarter, the pipeline of orders is pretty healthy for this quarter also. 
But again, geopolitical is a factor which should not be kept aside that we have to continuously 
monitor. 
Amish Kanani: I understand. It's very uncertain. And sir, last question before I go back in the queue. 
Transmission lines are also -- there was a mention in 1 or 2 presentation before. that transmission 
lines, exports are also looking up. So any sense of how  is that and whether EU or U.S. 
transmission orders are also picking up, sir? 
Ram Aggarwal: Basically transmission, solar energy, this non -fossil fuel energy is getting more and more. 300 
gigawatt has already been -- is already coming. But the issue is power is not getting transmitted 
to the states or the place where it is required. So India is lacking on that. So that is why there is 
a push on the more and more transmission lines from the solar centers. It is Rajasthan and 
Gujarat. So it is looking up. And I hope in next 3, 4 years, this demand will remain up. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Rahul Misra with RTL Investments. 
Rahul Misra: Now given that this INR255 crores order has only about 50,000 shells, you will still have some 
capacity left for F '27, correct? 
Management: Yes, yes. Orders in pipeline. 
Rahul Misra: And Sorry, I missed that. 
Ram Aggarwal: Basically, orders are in pipeline. And this order, which we have put up of INR255 crores, it is to 
be executed in 10 months. So it will get forwarded to next year as well. But for the capacity, 
what we have put up, we have enough orders today. I suppose that is your concern. 
Rahul Misra: So my question was that given that you have 150,000 capacity and this is a higher value 50,000 
shell this thing, in case there are more orders for this year, you are in a position to take more 
orders? 
Ram Aggarwal: Yes. 
Rahul Misra: Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And secondly, given that the expansion has been delayed, would you 
like to restate earlier we had spoken about INR1,000 crores for the Defence subsidiary for '28, 
INR800 crores from shell and INR200 crores from aerospace? Or do you think that number is 
achievable? 
[page 14]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Ram Aggarwal: That number, definitely, it will go forward for 6 months to 9 months. By the time this project 
gets delayed. So that time will be added to our forecast what we had given earlier. 
Rahul Misra: So would you like to put a new number for FY28? 
Ram Aggarwal: Let the expansion plan come into active execution, and we will update the new plan. We will 
update the new numbers. 
Rahul Misra: Understood, sir. And finally, one more question, sir, any status update on Goodluck Astra so 
far? 
Ram Aggarwal: Land has been allotted. License has been applied. We are waiting for the same. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia with Alchemy. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: Most of my questions are answered. Just a couple of bookkeeping questions. So what is the 
capex we're looking at in both entities for the next couple of years? 
Ram Aggarwal: Capex in the Defence sector, we have already given it should be almost INR400 crores. And for 
the current for the stand -alone division -- stand-alone unit, it will be -- it shou ld be almost 
INR100 crores to INR150 crores. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: Okay. Standalone INR150 crores. And sir, lastly, just one more question, sir, margins for both, 
we've done a very good job of actually keeping margins stable considering how input costs have 
increased. Is there more scope going ahead? Because if assuming input costs start subsiding with 
steel prices reducing and oil and gas prices reducing, would that be significant margin 
improvement then? Would we go about this? 
Ram Aggarwal: We also hope so  that when this turmoil gets down, that margins should increase, but it all 
depends in the future because nobody can tell today. Today morning what is the place and what 
will happen -- but margins should increase. You are very correct that if this turmoil settles down, 
so it will give a positive pressure to the results. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: Okay. And would customers want any -- customers would be okay or would they also then 
accordingly cut rates what they're buying prices? I'm just trying to understand how it works, let's 
say, going ahead if your input costs are reducing. 
Ram Aggarwal: Totally unpredictable. 
oderator: The next question comes from the line of Vikas with Serene Alpha. Please go ahead with your 
question. 
Vikas: Hello. Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes, Vikas. 
Vikas: Sir, most of my questions are answered. So no question left for my side. 
[page 15]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Nishita with Sapphire Capital. 
Nishita: So I just wanted to understand, you mentioned that on a consolidated basis, our margins are 
going to be range bound at 30% to 35% on gross margin level, right? 
Ram Aggarwal: No, no. This is -- we are talking of the Defence sector, whereby EBITDA margin, we have told 
that it should be range bound 30% to 35%. 
Nishita: Okay. So I just wanted to understand like 30% to 35% margin, but in the last quarter also in 
Defence, we have around 42% margin. And this quarter also, we did around 38%. So are you 
being conservative when you say that our Defence margins are range bound between 30% to 
35%? Can we do around 35% to 40% of margins on a sustainable basis? 
Ram Aggarwal: Management is also always conservative, and we like to be conservative. So we will remain -- 
we will keep this at 30% to 35%. But definitely, every quarter, we will like to improve it. 
Nishita: Okay. Understood. And my next question is on what is the current capacity for our Defence 
shell? 
Ram Aggarwal: 150,000 shells per annum. 
Nishita: I'm sorry, can you repeat it? 
Ram Aggarwal: 150,000 shells per annum. 
Nishita: 150,000 shells Okay. And after the expansion that you are saying that is delayed, the expansion 
is delayed by how many months? 
Ram Aggarwal: It is almost 6 to 9 months, it has been delayed. 
Nishita: Okay. So when do we expect it to come now like in H1 FY28, you mentioned, right? 
Ram Aggarwal: We hope by the quarter 4 of this financial year, expansion should start. 
Nishita: And commercialization will start by? 
Ram Aggarwal: Commercial will again take a year. 
Nishita: So by Q4 FY28, commercialization should start? 
Ram Aggarwal: Definitely. 
Nishita: Okay. And once the commercialization starts, what will be our capacity? Is it going to be 4 lakh? 
Ram Aggarwal: The plant capacity will be 4 lakh, but the  achievable capacity is always 90%. So it should be 
almost 350,000 shells per annum. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Harsh Vasa with SBI Capital Securities. 
[page 16]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Harsh Vasa: Congrats on a good set of numbers. 
 Sir, my question was pertaining to the hydraulic tubes capacity utilization. So what was the exit 
run rate in 1Q? Like what was the capacity utilization for 1Q FY27? 
Ram Aggarwal: This hydraulic tube capacity, now it has started ramping up. In this quarter, it has come to almost 
60%, which was earlier 50%. This quarter, it has come to 60% to 65%. And I hope in the coming 
quarters, it will be a rapid expansion, a rapid expansion in the percentage utilization. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Shashank Kanodia with ICICI Securities. 
Shashank Kanodia: Sir, sometime back, we announced a merger of entity called Goodluck Green Energy. So can 
you please help us explain what is the swap ratio or what are the valuations at which it is being 
merged? Any financial details of that transaction? 
Ram Aggarwal: Basically, we have appointed consultants and valuers. So once the report comes, we will let you 
know. We will share with you. 
Shashank Kanodia: Okay. Secondly, sir, usually, Defence business is valued pretty high in terms of valuation 
multiple in market, right, even your peers, which are already there in the stock exchanges. So 
what's the reason you are well poised to deliver in excess of INR200 crores of EBITDA next 
year and your pre-money valuation at which you raised the money roughly INR1,800-odd crores, 
INR1,850 crores. So what's the reason that we have sold a stake to such inexpensive valuations? 
And how do you believe that it will accrue value to the minority shareholders of Goodluck India 
listed entity? 
Ram Aggarwal: Can you come again? I could not understand what you need to say. 
Shashank Kanodia: Defence businesses are usually valued at a very high valuation multiple, let's say, 20x, 30x 
EBITDA, right? You are well poised to deliver more than INR200 crores of EBITDA next year 
in Defence. So that values the entity roughly INR5,000 crores of equity valuation. So what's the 
reason that we have sold off the stake to the external investors, etcetera, at such a inexpensive 
valuation of INR1,850-odd crores. 
Ram Aggarwal: So basically, what the management thinks because Defence is an area, we have a lot of 
opportunities out there, but we have the limited funds. At the same time, we don't want to 
leverage our balance sheet. So we have opted for this because there are too many targets in the 
future where we will be needing our -- these friends, these investors. So we have opted for this 
for the future expansion also. 
Shashank Kanodia: Sir, to the minority shareholders, it seems like all the initial struggle or the risks are taken on the 
balance sheet of Goodluck India, whereas all the upsides have been given to the external 
investors. 
Ram Aggarwal: I appreciate your view, but there are always different thoughts of the schools. So basically , but 
whatever we have -- whatever people have advised, whatever investors have advised during this 
con call, we will keep it in mind for the future. 
[page 17]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Shashank Kanodia: Because sir, there have been 3, 4 decisions at some outcomes which kind of -- because there has 
been increase in capex spend on the base business. Then there's a delay of 6 to 9 months of a 
product, which was already sold out in the market with a very huge export potential. Then there's 
a merger of promote entity with no valuations being shared with the shareholders. 
 And now of Defence business to external investors are very inexpensive valuations, right? So, 
you guys coming from a pedigree of IITs with 4 decades of experience in constructing what you 
have. I think as a representative of minority shareholders, we will not want some incompetent 
financial advisers to destroy value in the listed entity. 
Ram Aggarwal: We will keep in mind, sir. Don't worry. We will keep in mind. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Sachin Chobisa with iWealth Management. 
Sachin Chobisa: Am I audible? 
Moderator: Yes. 
Sachin Chobisa: First of all, congratulations for the good s et of numbers. What was the volume for the for this 
quarter? 
Ram Aggarwal: Your voice is sounding. Can you come again? 
Sachin Chobisa: for this quarter. 
Management: Sir, your voice is not clear. Can you... 
Moderator: Sachin, are you using hands-free or the handset. If that's the case you need to be on the handset. 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Sachin Chobisa: Yes. So actually, I w as asking like what was the sales volume for the artillery shells for this 
quarter? 
Ram Aggarwal: We have given a turnover of almost INR80 crores now. 
Sachin Chobisa: Yes, roughly INR80 crores. 
Ram Aggarwal: Roughly INR80 crores. So you want to know the number of shells? 
Sachin Chobisa: Number of shells. 
Ram Aggarwal: That I will have to see. I don't remember. I will have to see. We will let you know. 
Sachin Chobisa: Okay. So what was the utilization if you have that thing? 
Ram Aggarwal: Utilization is almost 60% to 70%. But the exact figure, we have not -- I don't remember right 
now. 
[page 18]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Sachin Chobisa: Got it. Got it, sir. Sir, on consol level, so we are expecting like EBITDA margins to be roughly 
of around closely between 10% to 12% in term, not more than that what we are seeing... 
Ram Aggarwal: This quarter also, our EBITDA per metric ton is INR9,000 per metric ton. So we improved from 
the last quarter. And the targets we have given, we are saying it should the top line should go by 
15% to 20%. So we are maintaining our earlier guidance as well. 
Sachin Chobisa: Got it. And sir, by any chance, we are scheduling for the plant -- visit of the Defence unit? 
Ram Aggarwal: So for that, you will have to contact our IR, and they can fix it because it has certain regulations 
to whom we -- how it can be done. But you connect to our IR. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Pratik Talvatkar with SMIFS. 
Pratik Talvatkar: Congrats! a good set of numbers. Sir, in our last call, you have mentioned that 14% t o 15% 
revenue growth in FY27. So, are you maintaining that guidance? And if also possible, give the 
breakup of volume and value growth apart from Defence. That is the first question from my side. 
Ram Aggarwal: We maintain our guidance that it should be 15% to 20%. As far as the volume this quarter, it has 
gone up by 9%. In the coming quarters, if the geopolitical conditions are set right, so it will 
improve further in terms of volume. 
Pratik Talvatkar: And sir, my next question is on the -- you have announced that the GI pipes, precision pipes and 
infrastructure capacity addition of 40,000 to 45,000 metric ton during FY27. So can you please 
throw some color on that and progress of that? Yes, that's it. 
Ram Aggarwal: You want to know about the... 
Pratik Talvatkar: GI pipes tubes capacity and precision tubes capacity you have announced in last quarter, 40,000 
to 45,000 metric tons 
Ram Aggarwal: 40,000 to 45,000 is the -- that capacity is being ramped up -- for the large diameter pipe, the 
capacity is being ramped up. Due to this West Asia crisis, it took some time. But now it is coming 
on the path, and we hope in the coming quarters, it will ramp -- it will ramp up as per our 
expectations. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Vrushank, an Individual Investor. 
Vrushank: Yes. So actually, the question was a follow-up on the earlier participant only on the valuation of 
the subsidiary that we have considered. So right now, what is happening is we are basically 
diluting 15% as shareholders of Goodluck India -- as minority shareholders of Goodluck India 
and the stake in the subsidiary is getting diluted by 15%. 
 So while I understand and appreciate that the advisers of the company have advised in favor of 
diluting the stake in the subsidiary. Bu t if I look at it from a Goodluck India shareholder 
perspective, minority shareholder perspective, I would just request the management to provide 
a rationale on why our rights issue was not selected. If it was just a financial fundraise, which 
[page 19]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 18 of 20 
 
we wanted to  do, then it could have easily be done by a rights issue at Goodluck India level, 
right? 
 So while I appreciate that the management must have financial consultants who would have 
advised, what was the rationale in not doing the rights issue and doing a sta ke sale at the 
subsidiary? 
Ram Aggarwal: As the earlier participant also raised this question, so I have already clarified. We will keep in 
mind while deciding. So our interest mainly for the shareholders is fine, and we will take care 
of that. 
Vrushank: Yes. But sir, that we understand, sir. But then this transaction has already happened. And now 
what is happening is, say, for example, the subsidiary becomes INR10,000 crores or INR20,000 
crores company, then we end up diluting 15% right now, which effectively could mean that the 
shareholders of Goodluck India have diluted in favor of investors. I mean if investors are 
bringing something on the table, then that is a separate issue and a separate valid point. But 
otherwise, if it's only a financial decision, then I mean, it does not go well with the minority 
shareholders of Goodluck. 
Ram Aggarwal: I appreciate your view. We have diluted 10.5%. But be rest assured, there are many things on 
the plate. There are many miles to go and our shareholders will be rewar ded. You are just to 
wait. We will come out with many new things in the coming con calls or the coming 
communications. You be we will take care of your concern. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Ronak Sanghvi with NAFA Asset Managers. 
Ronak Singhvi: So can you give the split for EBITDA margin of ERFB and ERFP and M107? As the price is 
doubled, the cost also gets doubled or what? 
Ram Aggarwal: EBITDA margins are same. EBITDA margins will remain the same. 
Ronak Singhvi: So the production cost for both M107 and ERF. 
Ram Aggarwal: They are different. For every cost is different. 
Ronak Singhvi: So what is the EBITDA margin? 
Ram Aggarwal: EBITDA margin, what guidance I have given 30% to 35%. I still hold my guidance for the 
EBITDA margin. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Mahima Gidwani with PhillipCapital PMS. 
Mahima Gidwani: I have a question on the value-added products. So which products exactly are driving the growth 
in current quarter, specifically value -added products? A nd with capacity utilization at around 
98%, how much additional growth can come from increasing the share of the value -added 
products before the new GI tube and front fork tube capacities come on stream? Because in our 
previous call, we had indicated that it would be coming live in the next 9 to 12 months. 
[page 20]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Ram Aggarwal: So basically, capacity addition is going on only in our value -added sector, which encompasses 
your tubes, your precision tubes, your forgings and infrastructure. So what we had told last time 
for the GI tubes, this DOM tubes, this capacity and the tube capacity, it is likely to come in next 
6 months. So whatever capacity addition you will see or you are seeing, that will be in the value-
added sector. Value-added, we have almost 60% we are already there. And in the coming years, 
this will increase and the legacy business, it will get reduced due to the increase in the value -
added business. 
Moderator: Does that answer your question? 
Mahima Gidwani: Okay. So my second question is on Defence side. So I was going through the investor 
presentation, I see we have also received license for 120 mm, 130 mm and 125 mm shells in 
addition to existing 155 mm. So will these new variations also be produced in our existing 
capacity or the new capex, which will be coming live? 
Ram Aggarwal: Basically, the world demand has converged to the tune of 90% to 95% demand has converted to 
155. So yes, the machine is capable from producing from 120 to 155. But normally, the demand 
is for the 155. 
Mahima Gidwani: Okay. Understood. Lastly, on aerospace capabilities, what exactly are we currently doing in 
aerospace capabilities? And what would we be doing once the new capacity comes live? 
Ram Aggarwal: Basically, what we will be doing in the aerospace new capacity, it is for the -- because India, 
you will appreciate that India is going for C -295, India is going for AMCA and for new Rafale 
Indian production. 
 So for that, the ecosystem is required. India is taking maximum parts from outside, even HAL 
we import everybody. So for that ecosystem to come, there are many new parts which we have 
not manufactured so far. 
 So we will be taking the parts which are commercially viable and which have a very good market 
share in this new requirement. So in that aerospace like we will be put ting a rolling mill. So it 
will make the outer body for your space rockets as well. So they have made thousands of parts 
for which this new machinery we will be capable of doing. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for the closing remarks. 
Ram Aggarwal: We thank everybody. We thank everybody, every shareholder, every investor who have shown 
interest in our con call. With regards, I will just like to clarify as many people have asked, with 
regards to our plan on Goodluck Defence, we will do what is beneficial for all our shareholders, 
give us some time to discuss with our Board and key stakeholders, and we will ensure what will 
work best for our all shareholders. 
 We have -- as far as this Defence is concerned, we have a lot of inquiries enough for the next 5 
years. However, as a policy, we do not announce till we have technically and commercially clear 
[page 21]
Goodluck India Limited 
August 10, 2026 
Page 20 of 20 
 
order. This is the reason we have announced only 50000 piece order. Others, we will let you 
know as the order comes as per our specification. Thank you. Thanks for attending. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Goodluck India Limited, that concludes this 
conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
