[page 1]
 
 
 
    
 
 Date: February 20, 2026 
 
The Manager, DCS   
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655                                    
 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK   
 
 
Sub: Earning Call Transcript   
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
As earlier informed, a Conference Call with the investors and analysts held on Monday, 16th February, 
2026 at 12:00 PM IST, to discuss the Q3 & 9 Months FY 2025-26 results of the Company. 
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid Earning call. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Goodluck India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
MAHESH CHANDRA GARG 
DIRECTOR 
DIN: - 00292437 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
  
“Goodluck India Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY'26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 16, 2026 
 
       
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHESH CHANDRA GARG – CHAIRMAN – 
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. RAM AGARWAL – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- 
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 MR. SANJAY BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. VINAY PANDIT – KAPTIFY CONSULTING LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Goodluck India Limited Q3 and 9 Months FY 
'26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing s tar then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vinay Pandit from Kaptify. Thank you, and over to you. 
Vinay Pandit: Thank you. On behalf of Kaptify Consulting, Investor Relations team, I welcome you all to the 
earnings conference call of Goodluck India. Today, on the call from the management team, we 
have with us Mr. M.C. Garg, Chairman; Mr. Ram Agarwal, CEO; and Mr. Sanjay Bansal, CFO. 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business performance highlights for 
the period ended December 2025, their growth and vision for the coming year, post which we 
will get into the Q&A. 
I'll now hand over to the management team. Over to you, sir. 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Good afternoon, everybody. It's a pleasure to welcome all our investors, analysts, stakeholders 
to Goodluck Q3 F'26 earnings call. The steel and engineering sector showed signs of 
strengthening in the later part of the quarter and notable improvements in sentiments, pricing  
stability and business activity during December. Of course, the whole of the year has been very 
volatile due to geopolitical tension, which all of us must have witnessed due to the Trump 
gimmicks, which have been played with -- created havoc with the business. We were part of it. 
However, in the month of December, steel market witnessed a notable recovery, setting a strong 
foundation for momentum into the new calendar year. Prices across most products have 
strengthened, led by restocking in anticipation of further price hikes and i mproved buying 
sentiment across dealer ecosystem. Imposition of 12% safeguard duty on certain trade products 
has effectively corrected the price imbalance created by cheaper inflows hence provided robust 
support to domestic producers. 
In January 2026 alone, price of hot rolled coil and cold rolled coil improved by almost 4%, 
reflecting positive impact of the major revival of post -monsoon demand in construction. In 
budget of 2026 and '27 ; budget has reaffirmed the government strong commitment for 
infrastructure-led growth, with public capital expenditure stepped up to around ₹12.2 lakh crore 
 This diversified thrust —spanning high -speed rail  corridors, industrial clusters, urban 
development and water infrastructure, reduces dependence on any single ministry's capex cycle 
and ensure steady demand utilization of our expanded precision and hydraulic tube capabilities 
in the coming years. 
We also welcome nearly 15% increase in defense allocation --  to ₹7.85 lakh crore, with capital 
outlay under the defense forces rising sharply by about 21%.  Looking to the situation on our 
borders and with our neighbors, it is a very positive step, and we must be prepared for any 
eventuality coming haunting us. 
[page 4]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Even domestic procurement readiness backed by INR1.3 lakh crores, earmarked for indigenous 
industries extend the demand runway for supplier of components forging, precision tube, 
fabricated structure used in artillery/armor ed system an d aerospace platform. These align 
perfectly with our advanced capabilities of Goodluck defense and aerospace is steadily building, 
including our ongoing production ramp up for 155mm artillery shells and secured export orders. 
From a global perspective, operating environment remains fixed with geopolitical uncertainties, 
fluctuating raw material prices, continuing to influence trade flows and create volatility in global 
benchmark. However, there are structural positive emerging in India, a recently-concluded 
framework of the interim trade agreement with USA announced in February 2026, reset tariff, 
improved market access and remove certain duties on key Indian export like aircraft  parts, 
placing Indian industrial engineering product on a more competitive footing. 
Likewise the successful conclusion India EU trade free trade agreement, opens up a more 
predictable tariff revision pathway for value -added manufacturing export. The modest 
depreciation of rupee has played a dual role by enhancing of export competitiveness  in the  
global market. We are an export thrust company. We are already an export of almost more than 
INR1,000 crores in last three years. 
Across our key end markets, demand drivers remain intact led by infrastructure engineering, fast 
growing energy transition segment including solar, metro, broader urban infrastructure. This 
together will healthy fiscal support, recovering market sentiment  and our focused  execution in 
value-added and defense segments , place Goodluck on a stronger footing to capture emerging 
opportunities in both domestic and export arenas. 
We are trying to ramp up our capabilities in large diameter heavy wall thickness pipes for having 
a trying to planning sales of 48000 metric ton annually. We are delighted with response of our 
customer on quality. 
Our product has finished hydraulic tube, galvanized conduit pipe and infra for two-wheeler will 
be added to we are planning to add these product to our product basket. These all the products 
what I have mentioned are the high value -added item and with a ve ry substantial EBITDA 
margins. 
We are bullish on aerospace and defense and production which started in a third quarter. We 
have eight months order in hand and two years LOI with us. We are confident that this plan what 
I have envisaged now will have a bright future for us and we are bullish on defense and aerospace 
and all our planning. 
On behalf of the board and the management, I thank all our shareholders and customers, 
employees and partners for their continued trust and confidence in our company. I will hand 
over now to my CEO Mr. Ram Agarwal to brief you further.  
Ram Agarwal: Thank you, sir, and good afternoon to everybody on this call. As Mr. Garg has told, our growth 
led by volume and margin expansion was driven primarily by better product mix, operational 
efficiencies and higher share of value-added products. Increased depreciation during the period 
[page 5]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 4 of 14 
 
due to the expansion in auto-tube business which we call LDP business and investments in our 
defense subsidiary, reflects our growth-oriented capital expenditure strategy. 
The commencement of production at Goodluck Defense and Aerospace Limited is a major 
inflection point. The facility currently has an annual capacity of 1,50,000 shells and it is being 
augmented to 4 lakh shells per annum. We see strong structural demand driven by the increasing 
indigenization and defense modernization initiatives in India. 
Order visibility for the next financial year remains strong and we expect this segment to 
meaningfully contribute to the margins going forward. And as we all will agree that energy and 
defense are the two main areas where global attention is today. Infrastructure is the need of today 
to achieve this energy and defense goal. 
GOI budget allocation shows our intention to align with the goal of world. Your company has 
perfect alignment with this goal in moving ahead and our defense perspective, it is one of our 
endeavor to get into this space.  
 And we see a very strong defense market for our products as in the second line of expansion we 
are also putting for aerospace, aerospace critical forging parts. So we hope with the current -- 
with the current expansion of 150,000 to 4 lakh along with the defense and aerospace along with 
the aerospace parts manufacturing, it will be a game changer for the company. 
 And order visibility as Mr. Garg has already told we are booked for next one year and LOIs for 
next two years is available to us. The second sector which we are bullish that is the automobile 
tubes segment continued to perform steadily with easing US tari ffs and improving export 
sentiment, we anticipate strong order flows. 
 Our focus remains on expanding OEM relationship, improving realization through value-added 
products and enhancing operational leverage. Our main aim is to be ahead of the curve. Value 
addition is our main motto. So whatever product we have started or what ever we want to start, 
we will be moving ahead with the value addition point of view only. 
 Strong government led infrastructure investment continues to drive engineering structures and 
infrastructure segment. Government has given seven bullet trains as we all know that we have 
participated in the first bullet train from Ahmedabad to Mumbai and we have almost completed 
the 90% order, the rest will be completed by March. 
 And this new opening of this seven new bullet trains, it is we expect that we will be in the front 
line to be benefited by this. And the railway infrastructure what government has put in today 
even the today newspaper also says, so we are in the front we are in the front row. If there is any 
opportunity we will catch it, your company will catch it. 
 Our experience in executing complex time -bound projects including high -speed rail 
infrastructure positions us well for the participating in other corridors. Our annually capacity 
utilization remains strong at 92% reflecting demand resilience and efficienc y production 
[page 6]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 5 of 14 
 
planning. With 5 lakh ton installed capacity across six facilities and increasing share of high 
margin product, we are steadily strengthening profitability. 
 Going forward our priorities remain clear, scaling defense operations, increasing share of high 
margin value-added products, maintaining strict cost discipline, working towards improving the 
margins. With a diversified business model, expanding presence in  sunrise sectors, strong 
balance sheet and healthy cash profits, we are confident of delivering sustainable growth in the 
coming quarter. 
 As you all have known that we have already crossed this solar mission 267 gigawatt we have 
added till today, 52.7 gigawatt only in this year. So your company is in that sector also, we are 
supplying the transmission tubes as well as the solar structures for them. And this year we have 
done almost a very good business and next year we hope we should cross INR600 crores to 
INR700 crores business in this sunrise sector of the solar structures. 
 And as far as order booking is concerned for our infrastructure division, we are booked for next 
1, 1.5 year and in our automobile division we are having a visibility as we already told we are 
having visibility quarter wise, so we are having visibilities of next two quarters and the final two 
quarters they are always good. So from automobile, infrastructure and defense, these are the 
three areas where your company will be putting more all of the efforts, all of the capital and we 
hope you all will appreciate this. Thank you.  
Sanjay Bansal: Good morning everybody, I Sanjay Bansal CFO on behalf of Goodluck, welcome you all for 
joining us for the conference on performance of the company in Q3 and 9 months of financial 
year 2026. Regarding Q3 performance standalone, the sales was increased to INR1031.58 crores 
as against INR941.98 crores during Q3 of previous year registering a growth of about 10%. 
 However, sales volume have increased by 8% during Q3 of current fiscal as compared to Q3 of 
previous year. EBITDA for the quarter stood at 9.7% of sales at INR99.72 crores as against 
INR82.48 crores during Q3 of previous year. 
 PAT before exceptional item net of tax stood at INR43.47 crores registering a growth of 8.4% 
on year-over-year basis. However, PAT in Q2 of current fiscal was INR41.30 crores, there was 
a growth of 5.25% Q -o-Q basis. The performance of the company in 9 mo nths of current 
financial year sales has been increased by 6% about. EBITDA margins have improved to 
INR291.6 crores with 9.7% of sales as against 8.74% during 9 months of previous year. 
 However PAT margins have increased to INR124.91 crores as against INR119.61 crores during 
9 months of previous year. Consolidated sales of 9 months of current financial year has been at 
INR3011.82 crores and PAT was at INR126.47 crores. The earning per sh are has been at for 
standalone at INR12.83 per share in Q3 as against INR11.85 per share during Q3 of previous 
year. 
 However, the EPS of the company in 9 months of current fiscal year stood 9 years for standalone 
was at INR37.40 per share. On financial front our interest cost have marginally gone up due to 
[page 7]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 6 of 14 
 
increase in current assets as compared to 9 months period of previous year. Salary expenses and 
other expenses has marginally increased due to increase in turnover of the company. 
 Thank you very much. Now we are open to Q&A.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We'll take our first 
question from the line of Harsh Vasa from SBICAP Securities. Please go ahead.  
Harsh Vasa: Yes, thank you, sir, for the opportunity and congratulations on a decent set of results. So my first 
question was that sir could you provide us the segment -wise break up of volumes for third 
quarter and 9 months? And the second question is that sir regarding the capex like the new capex 
which you would be doing for the defense by increasing the capacity of artillery shells from 
150,000 to 4 lakh, so what would be the internal accruals stood at mix? Second question was 
that and sir the revenues will be start flowing from like FY '27 or FY '28 and sir the last question 
is that what is the capacity utilization of hydraulic tubes in the third quarter? 
Ram Agarwal: Sir, I request you put the question one by one, then it will be more easy for us to answer, 
especially for you. 
Harsh Vasa: Sure, sure, sir. So my first question is, sir, could you provide us the segment -wise break up of 
volumes for the third quarter and 9 months of all the of all divisions? That is the first question? 
Ram Agarwal: We will provide you, not an issue. We will we will send you a mail because it's a lengthy part, 
we will send you. 
Harsh Vasa: Okay, sir. Sir, the next question is that, sir, you are doing a capex of INR500 crores by increasing 
the capacity of defense artillery shells from 150,000 to 4 lakh, could you provide what will be 
the mix of internal accruals to debt financing? 
Ram Agarwal: Sir, for this augmentation of capacity from 1.5 lakh to 4 lakh, we will be incurring a expense of 
almost a capital expenditure of almost INR400 crores. Out of that part will be financed through 
some equity and some bank loans. So for the -- and as far as the internal accruals are concerned 
that will be the part of the equity at that time.  
Harsh Vasa: Okay, sir, but any percentage sir how much will be loan like out of INR400 crores, how much 
will be the loan percentage like 50%, 30% example like? 
Ram Agarwal: It will be 60%, it will be equity, and 40%, it will be loan. 
Harsh Vasa: Okay, sir. And sir, this -- the revenues from the incremental defen ce artillery shells will start 
flowing from FY '28 or FY '27? 
Ram Agarwal: Sir, it will take almost a year's time. So you can expect from the first quarter of, say, April '27, 
it will be started. 
Harsh Vasa: Okay. And sir, what will be the capacity utilization of hydraulic tubes in this third quarter? 
[page 8]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Ram Agarwal: What will be the? 
Harsh Vasa: Total capacity utilization of the hydraulic tubes? 
Ram Agarwal: Capacity utilization? 
Harsh Vasa: Of hydraulic tubes. 
Ram Agarwal: Capacity utilization of hydraulic tubes, it is running around 40% to 45% right now. But in the 
coming two quarters as the U.S. tariffs has eased, so we hope that in the next two quarters, it 
should go almost 60% to 65% because what the easiness that Trump has given, it will pervade 
in the system. It will take some time, two quarters or three quarters, then this will be ramped up 
to 65%. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Pratik Talvatkar from Smith Institutional Research. 
Pratik Talvatkar: So, last quarter, you guided for the 15% to 20% revenue growth for FY '26. So now the steel 
price has started to move up. So are you revising it upwards for the FY '26? And if possible can 
you provide the guidance for the FY '27 as well? Yes, thanks. That was my first question. 
Ram Agarwal: Our perception towards the market is that our prediction for the 15% to 20% growth, it remains 
the same. As in this year, it could not be because the prices were downside.  But as you have 
rightly said, that now the prices have started  increasing, and the markets from this December 
2nd part, markets have also improved. So, we remain hopeful that we will be achieving 15% to 
20% growth for this year, and it will be better in the FY '27. 
Pratik Talvatkar: Yes. And my second question was about, can you tell me about the EBITDA pattern which was 
clocked in the Q3 FY '26 and 9-month FY '26, sir? 
Ram Agarwal: Yes, definitely. It is, for this quarter, it is 8,200 approximately. And for the 9-month, it is 8,200. 
It remains the same. 8,120 and 8,240. So, it remains in the range of 8,200. 
Pratik Talvatkar: Yes, okay. Thanks, sir. And my last question was, what is the value-added mix in the Q3 and 
the 9-month FY '26? And what do you expect in the near future, the mix in the future? 
Ram Agarwal: Right now, it extends from 56% to 60%.  And in the coming year, we hope it should go from 
60% to 65%. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Yog Rajani from Omega Portfolio Advisors. 
Yog Rajani: My question is regarding the Goodluck Defence and Aerospace business. So as I understand, we 
are increasing our production by around 250,000 shells. By that estimate, we should -- I assume 
that we are trying to fully utilize the 150,000 shell per annum capacity in the first year. Is that a 
proper understanding? 
Ram Agarwal: Yes. By the next quarter, we will be using our almost 90% capacity, say, 150,000 is the installed 
capacity, and we will be using almost 135,000. And when the augmented capacity is executed, 
it will be almost 350,000 shells per annum. 
[page 9]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 8 of 14 
 
Yog Rajani: Okay, that's brilliant. On that, could you just tell us what our expected revenue and margin -- 
EBITDA margin would be? 
Ram Agarwal: Expected revenue, right now, between 150,000 capacity, expected revenue is INR300 crores. 
And with the augmented capacity, the revenue will be almost INR900 crores and the EBITDA 
margins will be almost 30% right now, and we hope it will go in the range of 30% to 35% in the 
coming year as well. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Neal from Rockwell. 
Neal: Also, my question is, so like since we are investing around INR500 crores capex for the artillery 
shells project, so once it reaches full capacity of manufacturing 4 lakh shells per annum, what 
can be the revenue potential we can expect from that project? 
Ram Agarwal: Sir, as I've told, this augmented capacity with the present capacity of 1,50,000, there is one more 
line that is the aerospace line in there. So combined top line will be INR900 crores to INR1,000 
crores. 
Neal: Okay. And what about the individual top line for the artillery project? 
Ram Agarwal: Artillery project, it will be almost INR800 crores for the artillery products and INR200 crores 
for the aerospace products. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Firstly, congratulations on a good set of results, sir. Sir, just wanted to know, sir, the defence is 
going to start contributing from Q1, right? But will there be any contribution in Q4, sir, from the 
artillery space, sir? 
Ram Agarwal: Yes, it is likely to be. And we hope almost INR60 crores, INR70 crores will be contributed in 
Q4 as well. But from Q1, it will be contributing fully. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay, okay. INR60 crores, INR40 crores we can expect. So that will also be EBITDA 
accretive, right? Because the depreciation are already taking in. So our PAT should get very 
positively impacted because of this, right, sir? Like is that the right understanding? So this INR60 
crores, INR40 crores, we'll get 30% EBITDA that you are saying? 
Ram Agarwal: Yes, your understanding is perfect. The only issue is we are just -- our production is already on. 
We are just waiting for the final permission for dispatch, which comes from the government of 
India. So if it comes, so what I have committed you, it will be done. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay, okay. So that's great news, sir. And sir, the Aerospace division that we are talking 
about, that will come in the financial year FY '28, right? It's not going to contribute currently, 
right, sir? 
Ram Agarwal: Yes, you are very correct because it will take from the -- one financial year, it will take to get 
everything on track for the aerospace and the augmented capacity of shells. 
[page 10]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 9 of 14 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Okay, sir. And sir, just wanted to know, right now, we are at nearly 92% capacity 
utilization. And on that, like we are doing around 10% EBITDA, right? So this is the peak 
EBITDA we can do, right, because whatever operating leverage we are supposed to have, that's 
factored in, right? Or like in the our -- like if I separate Goodluck into two divisions, one in 
Goodluck and Second is Goodluck Defence and Aerospace, so in Goodluck standalone, what is 
the EBITDA margin we can expect for next year? 
Ram Agarwal: EBITDA margin because whatever you are seeing, it is from the stand -alone basically. So that 
EBITDA margins, which we are operating, we expect they will also increase because we are 
doing continuously product as well as market mixing. We are going for the new markets, we are 
going for the new product mix. So we hope this margin should also increase, but how much time 
will tell. And when this defen ce will add, then there is jump in EBITDA margins will come in 
the consolidated unit. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And just sir, last question from my end, sir. So overall, like for FY 
'27, what we are saying is that 15% to 20% growth in our normal thing. And then on that 
additional defence revenue comes in, right, of INR300 crores, all that 15% to 20% growth is 
including the defence, sir? 
Ram Agarwal: It will be included, it will be included. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay. So FY '27, 15% to 20% growth is including defence? 
Ram Agarwal: Yes, it will be included into that. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Yes, yes. Okay. So then, sir, in the standalone, are we planning any capex because it's already at 
92%. So sir, we are bound to run out of the capacity and already kind of running out of capacity. 
So the growth from standalone will come only due to value m ix, right? So any plans for capex 
are there, sir? 
Ram Agarwal: So basically, I have told you we are interested not in the volumes, we are interested in the bottom 
line. So okay, it has gone to 92%. But our product and market, which are our 2 tools, which we 
will be using -- which we have been using, and we will be using. So maybe it may be 15%, but 
the profit side, your EBITDA side, it will increase significantly. 
Darshil Jhaveri: Okay, okay. Fair enough, sir. And sir, just last question from my end, sir. Sir, we just declared 
dividend right now, sir. But with such a heavy capex coming in, we are planning to raise debt 
and some equity, then why are we giving dividend? Like just wanted to know the rationale 
behind, that's why. 
Ram Agarwal: You mean to say that we should not give dividend? 
Darshil Jhaveri: Sir, if the company can earn more than us, then why not, sir? We are already getting tax more 
on dividend. Company share price increases are more happy than the dividend, sir. 
Ram Agarwal: Actually, you are very correct. We should think. But our management view is that our 
shareholders, yes, they are getting the benefit of the improvement, they are getting improvement 
[page 11]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 10 of 14 
 
in our capacity expansion. But at the same time, we should get something. Whatever is possible, 
we should give in the dividend that's the management views. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Sukhwinder Singh: from BOB Capital Markets. 
Sukhwinder Singh: Sir, my question is on the input cost. If we look at the last 2 months, the steel prices have moved 
up. So I just want to understand how this is going to impact in terms of input cost for you and 
primarily for the 3 segments of this forgings and then auto tubes and CR coils, these 3 segments. 
And do you have the pass-on ability with a lag? So just I wanted to understand that thing? 
Ram Agarwal: Your question is very intelligent question, sir. So basically, whenever the prices go up, it 
definitely impacts our input cost. But as you have said, we are in the value addition sector. So if 
you go for the automobile tubes, there is a pass -through, but it comes with a time lag. Suppose 
in the third, fourth quarter, it has increased. So we will have to wait for another 2 quarters to 
have it, but we will get it. 
As far as our infrastructure sector is connected, there it is a complete pass -through because we 
have a declared price policy. And in terms of defen ce, raw material contribution is less. So it 
will not effect much. So in all, if you see, in our conventional business, it may impact something. 
But in our value addition business, it will not impact us significantly. 
Sukhwinder Singh: Okay. And second, a question on the defen ce part. Just to understand more, like you said that 
the combined revenue from ammunition cells and the defen ce subsidiary would be about 
INR900 crores to INR1,000 crores, okay? So separating that INR800 crores for artillery shells 
and INR200 crores for defence. So I just want to understand this INR200 crores, what is the time 
line by when you will be achieving that? And what is the EBITDA margin in that INR200 crores 
part in which you supply parts to the missiles, rockets that I wanted to understand? 
Ram Agarwal: Okay. Your second question is for the aerospace. For aerospace, it will be done with -- as I have 
told in April '27, it will be executed. Production will come. As far as EBITDA margins are 
concerned, they are 28% to 32% -- they are what we expect right now because India is more and 
more pressing on the air. 
And all the -- like this AMCA 125 plane order is there. Our civil part, there is 1,000 planes have 
to come. So India is spending more and more on the aero capability. So that sector, right now, I 
said that is 28% to 30%. But in near future, it can improve.  It should improve. And the first 
question I forgot, can you repeat? 
Sukhwinder Singh: So I just -- yes, I wanted to understand for this only EBITDA margin. So -- but my question is 
that going forward, with number of suppliers, I think it's more than -- must be more than 2 or 3. 
Is it the risk that EBITDA margin can come down, say, over 3 to 5 years in aerospace part from 
28%, 30%? 
Ram Agarwal: Sir, this aerospace part, I will not agree with you because India is doing nothing. HAL is having 
an order line of almost INR9,50,000 crores. ADA is coming with this AMCA, 125 planes. Now 
Adani is coming. So India is doing nothing in the aerospace sector. Now this is the time when 
[page 12]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 11 of 14 
 
the demand will increase, a more knitted value chain system, a more knitted vendor system is 
required where the vendor partners' contribution will increase.  In this aerospace sector, now 
India has put the condition, a minimum 60% value addition should be there. 
Even in the coming tenders, I understand, they can say even 100% you have to make in India. 
So India is no supplier system right now. So a strong supplier network is required. And I hope 
this is a sector -- this is a sunrise sector, which will -- we are saying INR200 crores. But I'm sure 
we will have to put another machineries to take it to further height. India needs it. There is no 
hurry and worry on this. 
Sukhwinder Singh: Okay. So broadly, as I said, your blended EBITDA margin from 9.9% should go up with these 
2 -- primarily EBITDA margin from defence coming at a higher level, right? 
Ram Agarwal: Yes, yes, yes. 
Sukhwinder Singh: Okay. And one last question. The investment in defen ce last year was about INR39 crores. So 
until 9 months, any incremental investment has been put up in defence? 
Ram Agarwal: No. I suppose you have to correct the data because we are -- please correct it because we have 
put almost INR300 crores in this defence division. So just maybe in a month over here and there, 
there may be some data correction. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Charchit Maloo from HNI. 
Charchit Maloo: So my question is regarding the defence business. So what was the revenue contribution from 
the shell business in this quarter like Q3 of '26? 
Ram Agarwal: Please repeat your question. It is not clear... 
Moderator: Charchit, can you use your handset and repeat the question, please? 
Charchit Maloo: Sir, I was asking what was the revenue that we have clocked from the shell business in Q3 of 
'26? 
Ram Agarwal: In Q3, it is not significant because only production has started. It has not started selling. So the 
contribution will come in this Q4, and the Q1 full contribution will come in the Q1 of next 
financial year. This year, it is insignificant, in this quarter. 
Charchit Maloo: Okay. So like earlier, I think we had a target of INR100 crores from the shell business. So are 
we in line with that for FY '26? 
Ram Agarwal: We are very much in the line, but the issue is because it needs some permission to dispatch. So 
we are waiting for the dispatch permission. And as I have already told that even it comes delayed, 
so we will be doing almost INR60 crores this financial year. 
Charchit Maloo: Okay. I have just a bookkeeping question. So our other operating expenses increased by like -- 
from 14% to 16%, so what was that specifically? 
[page 13]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 12 of 14 
 
Sanjay Bansal: You see expenses -- overall expenses, there is no increase. But if you go in further details, some 
expenses increased, some expenses decreased. So overall percentage of expenses is same, 94.4% 
and earlier, it was 94.5%. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Miraj Shah from Chemnine LLP. 
Miraj Shah: Sir, I had questions regarding the shell business only. Apologies if this question was asked before 
I recently just joined the call. Sir, I wanted to understand the industry size over here, particularly 
for India and globally. So I just wanted to understand what is the requirement for 155 mm shells 
in India, and the same for globally as well. That is my first question? 
Ram Agarwal: Sir, as you know, this 155 mm shell, this is the one version. All the world demand has converted 
to 155 mm in last 1, 1.5 years. Since the inception of this Israel-Gaza war or this Russia-Ukraine 
war because otherwise earlier more versions were there 92 mm , 125 mm, 132 mm, but now it 
was a pressure on the country that you have to put more of the guns, more types of the shell. So 
it just converts to 155 mm. 
Now as far as demand is concerned, we don't have any data. But as from the internet, you can 
also study, it shows that the world is -- right now, world is having a capacity of almost 3 million 
to 3.5 million, and that capacity is not today. It will come in  next 3 years. It is a combined 
capacity, which will be 3.5 million. 
But if you see the world demand today, it is almost 7.5 million to 8 million, reason being, there 
is an initiative ReArm Europe, because Europe has given a budget allocation of EUR815 billion 
because NATO, US has virtually withdrawn.  So all the 27 countries have to ramp up their 
production facilities. They don't have -- they have nothing. 
Whatever they had in the stock that has been consumed in these two wars. And many other -- 
more wars are going in India -- India, across Africa or many other small countries. So stock is 
not available. And moreover, the most important thing is demand is outstripping the production. 
So the way -- if you can see the gradient, the gradient by which production will increase, that is 
much, much lesser than with the gradient if the demand will increase. So there is clearly a gap 
of this arms and ammunition, particularly 155 mm. So I see no dulls of demand in the next 4, 5 
years. 
Miraj Shah: Understood. For the next 4, 5 years, you see a lot of demand. Okay. My next question, sir, since 
you have mentioned that the demand is increasing over here, if you can just explain how the 
pricing is currently moving at the moment? 
Because if I'm not wrong, the pricing is determined with the international players globally, the 
pricing is determined. So what is the current pricing for this? And also in India, which other 
players have received the approval like you -- the license approval like you? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Sir, I can explain to you. The pricing will be decided by demand. At present, demand is 
outstripping the supply. And there is no reason for us to doubt even many players coming into 
[page 14]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 13 of 14 
 
the field will be able to fulfill the demand. As per my information, India needs 48 lakh per year 
these 155 mm gun. Nobody can supply in India. Even many players, 10 players coming will not 
be able to fulfill the demand. So rate will be decided by the supply constraint. 
Miraj Shah: Right. But sir, you would have signed some contracts right now or you would have -- you might 
have some visibility what the pricing currently is going on? 
Ram Agarwal: Sir, basically, what you are talking, it is a price concept. The price concept, as Garg sir has said, 
it is always decided by demand and supply. But in this case, because demand is outstripping the 
supply, so price will be decided by only the pricing needs.  
So suppose as India is now bounded by all the 3, and they all are not at good relations with India. 
So if such happens, so there will be an exotic demand. There will be unprecedented demand. So 
price will be decided at that time. Moreover, there are more versions coming on the shell. 
We are already investing. Our R&D team is involved for the advanced version of this because 
this is the basic version, you know I know. But market is moving ahead with more versions, and 
those more versions will attract more price. So don't worry about the prices. We are on the right 
track on the technology as well as the market. 
Miraj Shah: Understood. Okay. At least, sir, if you can just help me with what are the margins going forward, 
what do we expect the margins to be going forward for the shell part? Is it 30% or more than 
that or lower than that? 
Mahesh Chandra Garg: Sir, putting a figure of 30% is imaginary. It can be more. It can be even more than 30%. 
Miraj Shah: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. That's it from my side. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Keshav from Raksan Investors. Please go ahead. 
Keshav: Sir, in the shells and aerospace business, would the customer only be Government of India, or 
would we be selling to other customers as well? 
Ram Agarwal: It is a total world. It is a global demand. It is not only Government of India. The total world as 
to -- total world is looking for it. 
Keshav: And sir, so when the busin ess goes to a full scale of INR900 crores to INR 1,000 crores, how 
much working capital do we foresee we'll require to fund that business? 
Ram Agarwal: We expect almost INR200 crores, INR 250 crores working capital will be required at that time 
when we reach the peak. 
Keshav: Okay. All right, sir. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Harsh Vasa from SBI Cap Securities. 
[page 15]
  
Goodluck India Limited 
  February 16, 2026 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Harsh Vasa: Thank you for the follow -up question. I just had one question. Sir, what was the capex which 
we incurred during 9 months FY'26? And what will be the capex for the remaining 3 months 
that is 4Q FY'26 and capex for FY’27 and FY'28? 
Sanjay Bansal: Total capex already done till 31st December was INR186 crores. And in four th quarter, we 
expect about INR30 crores capex. 
Harsh Vasa: Okay. And sir, FY’27 and FY'28, any ballpark figure? 
Ram Agarwal: Sir, '27, '28 is still in working, because the natural maintenance capex, it will go as per the 
schedule. However, as for new plants to introduce our capacity augmentation in defense, it is 
still in the working stage. We will let you know. 
Harsh Vasa: Thank you. 
Moderator: We'll take our next question from the line of Sanyam Shah from Solidarity Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanyam Shah: Yes. Sir, within the CR sheets and pipe segment, which is our conventional business, how much 
revenue is today contributed by solar tracker tubes? And how much was this 2 years back? Can 
you just give a ballpark range? 
Ram Agarwal: Right now, this ye ar, it should remain almost INR 400 crores. And as you are talking over the 
last 2 years, it was almost INR250 crores. And in the coming years, we hope it should be INR650 
crores -- INR600 crores to INR650 crores for the next financial year, transmission tube and the 
solar structures. Am I clear? 
Moderator: Yes sir. His line is disconnected. As there are no further questions, I now hand over the 
conference to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ram Agarwal: Thank you for all the people who participated in this con call. We express our gratitude for our 
shareholders, for our viewers, for our listeners. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Goodluck India Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
