                                                                        Date: August 27, 2025
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited         The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE)
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex                 25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                       Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001
Symbol: RACLGEAR                                     Scrip Code: 520073


Subject: Investor Conference Call Transcript


Dear Sir/Madam,


Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find
enclosed herewith the Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call which was held
on Friday, August 22, 2025 at 02:00 P.M. (IST) to discuss the Company’s Q1 of FY 25-26 earnings.

The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at
www.raclgeartech.com.

You are requested to take note of the above and oblige.

Thanking You,

For RACL Geartech Limited
                Digitally signed by Neha Bahal
                DN: cn=Neha Bahal, c=IN, st=Delhi,
Neha Bahal      o=Personal, title=8911,
                serialNumber=1070600d51cfb7a3e7f9
                237b77ab72982622bba45fb9e3376de0
                904c6246d099
                Date: 2025.08.27 18:05:21 +05'30'


Neha Bahal
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
    RACL GEARTECH LIMITED
     Q1 FY 2025-26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
                  AUGUST 22, 2025


                  MANAGEMENT:
MR. GURSHARAN SINGH – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR
   MR. PRABH MEHAR SINGH- CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
      MR. JITENDER JAIN- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Ms.      Neha Good afternoon, everyone, I am Neha Bahal, the Company Secretary and
Bahal         Compliance Officer of RACL Geartech Limited. On behalf of the
              company, I would like to extend a warm welcome to all of you to this post-
              results conference call for the first quarter of the financial year 2025-26. I
              will be your moderator for today's session.

                 Before we begin, I would like to make a few important announcements.
                 Please note that this conference call may include forward-looking
                 statements based on the company's current beliefs, opinions, and
                 expectations. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance
                 and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual
                 results to differ.

                 Additionally, all participant lines will be on mute during the presentation,
                 and we will have a Q&A session at the end of the presentation, where you
                 can ask any questions you may have. If you need any assistance during
                 the call, you can submit your questions via the Q&A box or raise your
                 hand, as per the available options on the screen, and we will assist you
                 accordingly.

                 Please be informed that this call is being recorded.

                 We are pleased to be joined today by the management team of RACL
                 Geartech Limited, represented by:
                    • Mr. Gursharan Singh, Chairman & Managing Director
                    • Mr. Jitender Jain, Chief Financial Officer
                    • Mr. Prabh Mehar Singh, Chief Operating Officer

              With that, I now invite Mr. Gursharan Singh for his opening remarks.
              Over to you, Sir.
Mr. Gursharan Hello friends, good afternoon. So, it's really my pleasure and of course my
Singh         always inspiration to keep interacting with you every three months. We
                 eagerly await always these investors call because we also got lots and lots
                 of insight from our investors and analysts. So, it really gives us many new
                 avenues, many new ideas to generate and of course, it keeps my CFO also
                 on his toes to keep preparing always for the numbers and of course
                 improving the performance.
                 So definitely it's our pleasure to meet you, interact you and we really love
                 this journey of our quarterly Concall which we started, I think six years
                 back. I feel we are seriously doing every three months. So, we are a
                 disciplined company, so always maintain discipline and some of your
                 suggestions are always there that after the quarterly results we should
                 convene the calls as soon as possible. So, this time we have reduced the
                 gap and I think just in a gap of 10 days we have done it, yes.
                 So I hope it will be happiness to all you guys and definitely it's during the
                 day we'll interact a lot and we'll update you what all we are doing and
                what all we're going to do further and that's it. So, I'll just hand it over to
                JJ if you can really come to the presentation and probably Prabh you're
                online.
Mr.    Prabh Yes, yes.
Mehar Singh
Mr. Jitender Good afternoon everyone. This is Jitender Jain, the CFO of the Company.
Jain         A humble welcome to everyone and basically, I think the rains are there
                in almost all the metro cities and all. So, I think weather is good
                everywhere, but Mumbai is not in that good shape.
                So, I'll come to the presentation part first and then we'll take up the
                questions further.
                So as you all are aware, your company is more than four decades old. We
                established in 1983. FY25 We clocked a revenue of close to $50 million.
                Our total number of permanent employees are around 832. We are
                headquartered in Noida. We have two manufacturing locations, one in
                Gajraula in UP and another one in Noida again, UP. Our corporate office
                is based at Noida and we have 4 warehouses across various places in
                Europe.


                Our product applications, we are there in two Wheelers, 3 Wheelers,
                passenger cars, ATV's, commercial trucks across all the segments in the
                automobile industry. We have 22 active customers and more than 900 plus
                SKU's. Our product range ranges from transmission gears and shafts,
                subassemblies, precision machine parts, chases parts and industrial gears.
                We are A- rated by Care. We are listed on both the stock exchanges of
                India, BSE and NSE and we have one 100% subsidiary which is based at
                Austria.


                We have all the certifications which are required in India and globally for
                running a manufacturing facility. Our core competencies include
                everything starting from gear cutting to precision machining, aluminium
                machining, heat treatment, process R&D, concurrent engineering, laser
                welding, laser cutting, we have the we have the capability to conduct all
                the processes, complicated and latest processes which are required for the
                manufacturing of gears and other automotive components.


                Now coming to the financial performance for quarter one 25-26. So
                quarter one, we clocked a turnover of 107.96 crores, close to 108 crores.
                The bifurcation for the same is around 65.5 crores of turnover was exports,
                28.2 crores was domestic 6.17 crores was other operating income and close
                to 8 crores was other non-operating income.
Now due to that, that's bifurcation of exports versus domestic has
changed a bit in quarter one as compared to last few quarters. So, our
exports turnover now contributes about 60. 31% of our turnover and the
domestic turnover including operating and other non-operating income
is close to 39%.


Now this is quarter on quarter comparison. So, at the Q1 as we have
clocked a turnover of 100 close to 108 crores as compared to 105 crores in
Q1 of last financial year which is a growth of about 2%.
Our EBITDA it was is 26.8 crores as compared to 22 crores same period
last year, so which is a growth of about 20% and our PBT margins are
11.25 crores as compared to 8.43 crores of quarter one last year, which is a
growth of close to 33% and if I talk about the main financial ratios and all,
so our as compared to Q1 of last year, our gross profit margin is 74.57%
as compared to 71.65% last year, EBITDA 24.83% as compared to 21.1%
same quarter last year. PBT 10.42% and net PAT of 7.68% as compared to
close to 8% and 6% respectively for last quarter.


Now, this is the slide which we have started for last few quarters.
Basically, we give the profitability comparison of this quarter as compared
to the last quarter, same quarter last year and the last quarter. So, as you
have seen our as compared to our quarter one of 2024-25, our EBITDA
margin has increased by close to 3.72% and PBT has grown by about 2.45%
and as compared to Q4 of 24-25, EBITDA margin has grown to 2.15% and
PBT margin has grown by almost close to 2%. So, this is the broad breakup
of head wise comparison from these respective quarters and our EBITDA
margin if I compare with last quarters and all from Q4 is 66% Q1 was Q1
of last year was 21.11% and this year quarter one we have clocked almost
24.83% of the bid.


Now coming to the latest development, I'm happy to share that we have
basically added two additional directors on our board and I'm really
happy and excited to introduce both the directors.
Now first we have, I'm happy to introduce Mr. Pravir Kumar who is a
retired IAS officer. He has been appointed as a non-executive independent
director in the company. Just to give a brief background of Mr. Kumar.
Mr. Kumar holds a Bachelor of Technology degree in Electrical
Engineering from IIT Kanpur, where he was a gold medalist and he was
also awarded as allrounder.
               Mr. Kumar is a 1982 batch IAS officer of UP Cadre. Mr. Kumar has served
               several various departments in central and state governments, which
               include UP State Road Transport Corporation, UP Agro Industries
               Corporation, Ministry of MSME. He has also been the Development
               Commissioner of Kandla, Mundra and Dahej SEZ in Gujarat and the
               Department of Commerce. He has worked as a DGFT in Ministry of
               Commerce and Industry in the rank and scale of Additional Secretary to
               Government of India and it is a proud to share that he was the one who
               has drafted India's foreign trade policies at the time of 2015 to 2020.


               He is currently the managing partner of Oxford Consultants LLP, which
               is engaged into providing technical consultancy in ESG and CSR.


               Next, Mr. I'm happy to introduce Mr. Rakesh Kapoor, who has been
               appointed as a non-executive director in our Board of Directors. Mr.
               Kapoor is a seasoned techno financial professional with over 48 years of
               experience in the corporate and financial sectors. He has spent more than
               20 years with IFCI Limited, a premier financial institution where he held
               various roles in project financing. During his tenure, he has handled a
               diverse portfolio of projects across sectors such as steel, cement,
               chemicals, textiles and other infrastructure companies.
               He has also served for five years as Managing Director of IFCI Factors
               Limited, a subsidiary of IFCI Limited, engaging in factoring and short-
               term receivable financing.
               Mr. Rakesh Kapoor was also initially associated with the company as an
               independent director and he has made notable contribution during his
               previous tenure, bringing valuable insights, strategic guidance and
               industry expertise to the board.
               I will hand over now to Prabh to take it further.
Mr.    Prabh Thanks, JJ. I hope you can hear me. Good afternoon, everyone. So, the
Mehar Singh  numbers I think were always known. So, we declared the results last
               week. So, we want to also talk about the new businesses which we are
               getting.
               The next 20 minutes, I will try to make you understand two important
               things. So I've been able to spend some time on this presentation because
               there were a lot of questions coming in about the growth, about the sales,
               about turnover, about short term, long term.
               So, it this presentation, the next three to four slides should first of all
               increase your understanding about the organization. Second, it will also
               try to explain you where RACL is headed in the sense we are very proudly
always mentioning that we are one of the most preferred technology
partners for a lot of these big OEMs. So how we are different from a
component supplier to be called as a technology supplier. So that is one
thing which we'll try to explain and second there are certain times when
some companies invest a lot on future probable business projects which
will gain mass segment across the years.


So, there are ideas which are always in the market. There are companies
who build businesses around that and then there are companies who are
part of the future and then they build certain products, certain platforms
with their customers which are a futuristic vision of the application how
the world is looking like.
So, these two areas we will try to explain in the coming slides and first of
all it is very good to see a full house today. I believe 70-75 people have
never joined so that is a good interest coming in, I don't know if that is the
pressure people are trying to build or an interest.
So, on the business nominations, I think this is on the left is 1 new
nomination which we I think disclosed yesterday and maybe certain times
things align. We only got this nomination 2 days back. We have been
chasing or working in increasing our dominance in the domestic segment.
Because we believe the Indian market is also now maturing to a lot of new
quality conscious products. The existing OEM's are also upgrading their
platforms, their vendor base to suppliers who are more quality conscious
and who work at a global landscape, we operating at 70-75% of exports,
so we understand how the global supply chains are.
So, we were able to secure a very prestigious nomination from an Indian
2-Wheeler manufacturer. We cannot disclose the name at the moment
since the project is under nomination in the sense under development
once the SOP or the part of production happens, maybe then we are able
to disclose which will be three to four months from now, but we need to
check with our customer on that.
So, this project is basically going to be, I believe a very high-volume
business for us.
Typically, we operate in a premium niche segment where volumes are not
too high, the variety is big. So, we work with, as you know, all, not all, but
most of the Superbikes premium segments.
When we say premium is in motorcycle anything more than 350 CC is
considered anything which is more than 800 or 600 CC is a super bike. So,
we operate in both these platforms. So, India also is now increasing all of
these conventional 2-Wheeler companies are increasing their presence in
this premium and the Superbike segment, wherein all of them have a lot
of plans.
For example, as you already know, we are working with Norton, which is
ATV's brand they're trying to launch and similarly, there are other players
in the industry. So, we got this business nomination from a company
which is already operating in the premium space in that engine segment
and historically they have always made these gears themselves or I would
say as a backup maybe on a supplier outside.
Because we've always maintained this gear is a product not many
companies want to outsource because of course it is heart of the engine or
the transmission which goes to the tuning with the engine.
So, this project will be starting January 26th. We will be working
immediately on the sample submission. So, January 26 is what the target
is, but I think commercialization should start from February. So this
should help us to also achieve some numbers for this financial year.
Typically it takes as you know between one to two years as a gestation for
our kind of products to grow in the exports market in this since this is a
regular platform which the customer is already tried and testing.
They are wanting to launch us in the existing models, so the validation
will be very quick and we are hoping that when the sample submission
happens in November, January onwards or February onwards, we should
start the commercial supplies.
The scale and the revenue from the business, again, we are not in a
position to declare as of now, but in the due course we will also declare
what is the size of the contract and what is the quantum through which
we are targeting. Of course, this is a high-volume customer. The customer
is also facing a very high demand in the market. So, they also have very
encouraging growth plans.


Typically, they do not or take any vendor in the gear profile as of now
they were as I said making on their own. So, this is a very prestigious
nomination for us. So, it corresponds to a value of catering only to
premium segment, but at the same time it also helps us to gain certain
value which is in the form of having a higher presence in the domestic
market. It will help us to improve working capital payment terms will be
very good since the supplies have to be in India only.
On the right is another new project which we have bagged from our
existing customer BRP Canada. So, they make of course a lot of off-road
vehicles, what we call as recreational.
So, they make ATVs, no scooters and other equipment’s. So, we have
bagged one business order for a different product. So, we are known for
making a transmission gearbox. So, what you see in the picture on the
right is a typical transmission assembly which has I think 5 speed or a six-
speed gearbox and then what you see on the top is a shifting mechanism.
So, if you're driving A2 Wheeler or this ATV, there is a clutch or when the
user engages that clutch, there is a shifting which happens for example if
you need to go from gear 3 or gear 2.


So, there is a shifting mechanism which is engaged to do this shifting. Till
now we were never in this. So, we have bagged this order from our
customer. It is a high-volume business. When I say high volume, it is
around 150,000 parts per annum which should be. So, we always keep
enough flexibility of +/- 20%.
So, we need to have capacity up to I would say 180,000 or something like
that this also brings us to a new product family of shifting drums. As you
know, motorcycles will always have shifting mechanism, so we can now
pitch this product to our existing customers so that we can also receive
orders from them.
In this there are two variants, one is a manual shifting and one is an auto
shifting. I think in the last couple of calls we did explain you that we have
also working on auto shifting mechanism which I will explain you in the
later slides.
So, these two projects are part of the new business developments which
we wanted to disclose in the call today and the commercial supply of the
second project from this BRP should also start in the year 26 since this is
an export customer.
So, the validations might be a bit longer, but I would say in next six
months. Sample summations have already started. We have already
submitted the first leg of samples and the feedback is awaited. So, the
customer is wanting to change the supplier due to certain issues at their
end. So resourcing projects, resourcing means when the platforms are
already in the market.
It is always faster to onboard a new supplier. So that is how these both
projects, one may be February next year and this may be June or July next
year. These both should start generating good revenue for us.
Go next, JJ.
I think this is also part of a disclosure which we already made that we are
now also registered with BHEL.
                 BHEL as you know is a PSU is a public sector engineering company. They
                 work in a lot of platforms so we have been allotted their vendor code, but
                 is usually very difficult because as you know, PSU have their own time of
                 evaluation and then things don't move at the pace of automotive industry.
                 So this will enable us to participate in a plethora of RFQ's which we will
                 get directly on our portal or emails which will be involving supply of
                 precision engineered components application can be varied and of course,
                 here we have to work with a lot of Indian competition. So this is
                 something which we actively will be picking up projects.
Mr. Gursharan Sorry to interrupt, I will just add one thing to all the colleagues.
Singh         You know normally in all PSU's the business happens through gems
                 portal. It means it's a tendering process, but for very precise components
                 or some critical components, they have a separate procedure where this
                 to you as an approved vendor.
                 Now technically we can be one to one RFQ from this customer BHEL to
                 us. So technically we have got an upper edge or advantage that we need
                 not to go to the tendering process, you know in a particular tendering
                 process sometimes when we are on the next sector and low-end
                 competition will start coming in then the rising L1 or L2 becomes a credit
                 or when you are approved vendor.
                 So, then we have got a privilege that if any urgent requirement is there,
                 any business is there, BHEL can simply send us another queue send the
                 offer and then that's it and if we get the nomination, we start producing.
                 So, this is a slightly again, we say that we maintain our preimmunises.
                 So even without BSU regardless separate kind of direct entry business. So,
                 no need to enter through the tendering business. Yes, please continue.
Mr.    Prabh Yeah. So of course, the scale and what opportunities this converts into
Mehar Singh  time has to tell, but of course we will actively be working to develop since
             these are not high volume but high value since they work in very precision
             oriented environments.
             So, we will keep updating you as and when if any new businesses are
             starting with BHEL.
             Okay, let me share my screen. Can you stop sharing now? It will be in.
Ms.     Neha Okay.
Bahal
Mr.    Prabh Okay, so future ready. So, what exactly we mean by that is the company
Mehar Singh  started in 1983. Since then we have seen two legs of business, as you
                 understand, the company comes from a background wherein it started
                 with a focus on aftermarket and Indian businesses of, you know, gears
                 conventionally we were told three companies who were in India OEMs
                 and then that is how the business started to supply either to them. First
                 was Yamaha and then at that time after market was big business. Then in
2002 the change of management happened there the company saw some
red times financially.
After that the next leg was a focus on exports. So, in 2004 or 2005 we
shifted our focus, what we call RACL 2.0 towards making this company
an export centring organization, but at the same time we also started
working on improving the financial performance since it came from a
certain legacy it had.
So, it took us good 10 to 15 years to establish that and in the last five years
from 2015 to 2020. We augmented our presence in the market by I think
reaching to a 200-crore kind of a turnover level in 2019 or 2020, 2018 to be
honest and then from there onwards, we started forcing or creating our
presence into the markets, which we were never there in the segment
which was the preimmunises of the motorcycles.
Second was the pass cars and third commercial trucks and then the 20 to
25 segments where now we are aspiring to reach a certain number of 500
is 25, but 25 is already on the cars.


The next two slides will explain you what is evaluation of RACL 3.0. What
that means is now we have reached a level we have in the terms of skill
set, plant and machinery. Some of you have visited our plants in the
annual shareholder visits we do. Most of you comment that this does not
look like automotive plants. This looks more like a semiconductor or a
pharmaceutical plant because the kind of precision, the cleanliness, the
technological mindset and equipment’s we have.


So this has brought us to a level where we are now working on a lot of
future technologies with our customers which are still evolving, which
will gain attraction in the coming years and it is kind of a first foot where
not many Indian companies are already thinking on this and most of these
technologies are widely being developed and consumed in the Western
world.
But as you know, India and is also now growing the likes of Indian home-
grown OEMs are also placing very competitive cars, good platforms, but
they're also reinventing how the vehicles are behaving.
Historically, vehicles have always evolved around engines. Maybe you
take about a V6 or a V8 or a V12 engine, how it is with certain
turbochargers performance, car can go from zero to 100 in some seconds.
With the evolution of electric car, zero to 100 was now not a big thing. So
that is not how car companies can sell. If you say my car is the fastest,
even a Tata 10,00,000 electric car can do faster in from most of the
combustion cars because the principle of dynamics is totally different in
the new evolving cars. So now what we are seeing in the automotive
industry is that a lot of work is happening around the chases.
So that is what I've made this presentation to explain you that how this is
becoming the new powerhouse, a lot of differentiating technologies the
car companies are wanting to launch to make the ride first of all more safe.
Second, more comfortable and 3rd it has to be very much light because
you know the battery or the other things the frames are getting lighter
because you have fewer mechanical components but at the same time, the
rigidity should always be there.
So, to augment all of that, a lot of things are coming in and historically, if
it is in a fully electric or a hybrid or a combustion, car companies have
kept their chassis or the other moving instruments almost same.
So these three to four new technologies which are now sorry are now
working. So, I will explain you one by one. So, these projects we have
bagged maybe in last couple of years certain revenues, customer
committed to us, you ask right, you ask rightly the questions, you know
500 crores, 600 crores.
We don't see the businesses on a turnover level as a pressure to not
participate in such programs. The adaptation of such technologies always
take time and this is evolution phase. A lot of companies are doing a lot
of things to be differentiating from the other competition so one such
technology which we have been working for many years, this is for ZF is
this ERC as you know.
So, this most of you have visited our plant, but maybe the functioning is
difficult to understand because we do the components for these
assemblies. The customer is doing the electric assembly, but today I will
try to explain you maybe what these technologies are.
You see a lot of videos on Internet how you know cars are smooth on the
road. So, ERC is one thing which is controlling a lot of such things. Right
now, only two companies what we know have this. One is I don't know if
I'm allowed to tell him, but both are German car manufacturers who have
these applications to make their ride control more smoother.
I have one video which will try to explain you. This is again from Internet
how this ERC works, but in principle basically there is what you call roll
control bars. All cars have it, SUV's have it. So what that does?
It prevents the car from rolling when you are manoeuvring on the road.
But these ones are electronically controlled. What that means is there is a
bar attached to the tie rod or to the excel of the wheel or the car or the
chassis. There the ECU basically is a subunit wherein there is a care unit,
there is a motor and there is an ECU. So, when you are in the car if you
are feeling any jerk on the road. The motor will run as high as 30,035
thousand RPM and basically it will what do is if suppose you are in the
vehicle and the wheel on the right is going into a pothole, so the ECU will
immediately sense within nanoseconds. There will be a compensating
effect on that wheel through this ERC which will give a jerk back to the
wheel so that the jerk is not felt in the car.
Also, when you are manoeuvring on the road if you are tilting the car.
Sometimes that role means that car rotates or not rotates, shifts towards,
let's say if it is on the plane towards the angle. So this ERC also stops it
from happening.
Now these technologies were launched, are being launched slowly across
the car platform. This was first launched to one of an electric car platform
of that of that customer and then they are now launching into their other
variants.
So, for example, if it is a fully electric, a high end of four crore car, now
they're slowly launching this platform to their one crore or a 90,00,000 or
80,00,000 car, but slowly they launch these technologies because first they
understand how is the market response, how is the application and that
is how the businesses increase. So just to give an example, I don't know if
this link will work. Oh yeah, it should work and this all is from online
data. We'll give you the source and all.
So, this is what an ERC looks like. So, you see a lot of gears inside. So,
what is that doing is there is a torque which. Yeah, I think the video is self-
explanatory. So this you see when the car is without ERC, if suppose you
feel a roll in the car, right, that angular displacement from the base is very
high.
Now with ERC it is reduced by 50%. So, what they're doing is it is creating
that balance. It is negligible. Similarly, as I was explaining, if you are in a
pothole, so that is the joke you will feel inside the vehicle. But if the car
has ERC, this is the joke that a user might feel and now such technologies
are very expensive. They are being designed, developed in Europe for
European cars. You have AD-AS coming in, cars are autonomous, so the
driver dependency needs to be reduced by such things.


So, I'll go back to the presentation. So, this one technology we have
invested huge. There was a certain, you know how things are evolving.
So now it will scale up. Customer is showing good projections for 27-28,
the early adaption was not happening at the pace at which it should have.
So that also resulted in some of our business not growing at the level at
which anticipated. But we understand that these things take time to bring
in certain level of scale.
Next is steer by wire. You might have heard so a lot of new cars, expensive
cars, long cars. So what has happened is with the cars going electric, the
wheel base has increased to accommodate the battery. So now you have a
longer chassis. So, what that means is that increases the turning radius of
the car when you are rotating the steering. So, companies have brought in
certain equipment’s wherein the front tires when you rotate
conventionally the reverse or the rear tires stays at the same location. But
in these new actuators which are connected like a reverse steering system,
wherein if you are, let's say turning the car to 90 degree towards right, the
back tires might rotate maybe 3 to 4 degrees on the opposite direction to
give you a smaller radius on the cornering also that helps you.
Maybe the video will explain you better. This is without any reverse rear
steering system. You see the wheels on the right. All the four wheels are
rotating. It's called AKC. It is again by one of our customers. How they
call it. This is again on Internet. We'll share the links later on. This is that
turning radius I was mentioning. Now if the car does not have this, see. It
needs to go back and do it.


Now these are expensive equipment’s. You don't have mass adaptation,
but if you don't work on these technologies, somebody else will. This
system what we are developing, this is for Porsche, the I think electric
Porsche kind or something. Panamera, I don't remember. But then exact
model now the adaptation of such cars is creating time and this
technology is in lot of other brands as well. So, the customer is selling to
one platform, they are pitching it strongly to sell to other platforms as
well. But we are the only supplier for both this ERC and AKC, nobody
else can make for the customer and the validations are so strong,
investments are so high.
A lot of all the mechanical items, products are being done by us. Customer
is buying the electrical, of course their focus is in the design and the
assembly that is their footing. So, this is how we are developing those
things on the left side, the parking lot mechanism as you know.
BMW is launching a new electric car in 27. It is going to be one of its kind.
There are a lot of media articles about it. They say it should be 1000
horsepower electric car M Sports and in that we are participating in this
part lock mechanism. Basically, this is there is a technology which is
confidential which we can't explain, but again this is a mechanism which
is an assembly of around 50 parts which we are making.
Also, we are assembling inside the customer just as to engage this. This is
right now under the prototyping phase. A lot of investments are going
into this. The samples are going every month to the customer. They are
going to take two years for these. I think in two years they will be
consuming roughly, I don't know, maybe 10 to 12,000 parts.
Some cars are actually running right now, maybe 100 to 200 on ground for
validation. So a lot of technology is going on there and this mechanism
which they are launching again we can sell to a lot of companies who are
doing that and the last is steering systems.
So, as you know we recently got a business from we disclosed the name.
So ZF Rane, we are developing this project. Basically, this is for a pickup
truck platform for an American OEM and conventionally they have a
hydraulic steering system.
So, a difference between a hydraulic and electric. This one is a
recirculating ball mechanism system in in layman. Basically, when you
are driving or when you are rotating the steering wheel, there is a
hydraulic pump and that runs the motor which takes care of the torque,
so the driver has to put less effort. Now this will be replaced by electric
motor and a gearbox which will take care of the torque because every time
the torque will not be seen, so we need to have reduction in that gear set.
So this is what this steering system will be and this again is a project or a
platform right now that customer is using hydraulic.
Once it changes to electric, that is the future. Now you will not have very
tight steering systems in the coming times and this pickup platform is a
very big market in US and the assemblies will happen in Mexico and then
it goes to this is a very hot prime project for the customer.


So, in one slide I wanted to explain you we have invested a lot in last two
to three years in these projects. These projects maybe have not grown at
the pace at which the customer committed, but eventually they have to
grow because as you know, the entire world is moving towards
electrification, towards the smarter cars, safer cars, lighter cars and these
technologies are going to be differentiator when you choose a car on the
on the road, you know you will not now choose how a car looks or how
fast is because every car is going to be fast.
So, these things are going to be differentiators of the future and we have
very rightly chosen the right pass car segment and these are again engine
agnostic. Even if they are hybrid or the ICE engine, these things will
remain, a steering system will retain, this steer wire is already right now
in a lot of fuel cars.
ERC, as I said, they launched in electrics. Now they're trickling it down to
their mass runners as well because this is getting a very mass response
from the customer. So that was one slide on the pass car, how the next five
years will shape the growth of the company in such projects. The next is
the motorcycle platform. Conventionally we have been always termed as
making gears. That is something which we will always do and keep doing,
but with the virtue of making a lot of gears. We have gotten a skill set or
technologies to develop many other plat parts into the motorcycle
platform. So, one such is a wheel axle assembly. What you see we are
working on, we have the technology or the components, the back wheel
of the motorcycle sits on this axle.
Axle assembly is a very safety critical and a difficult assembly. Not many
companies outsource this to companies who are not well known in the
market.
So, we are developing, we are working on this wheel axle assembly.
Not for one customer, couple of customers. They are also into brake
mounting housing. This goes to the vehicle body in the sense where the
brake is mounted on this, this flange goes and this is again a safety
component. If this fails, the brake fails and you know what can happen if
the brake fails, transmission assemblies and engine timings, we're always
there.
We are getting new businesses like we just got. We explained you the
shifting drum mechanism we just explained. This is a new product line
which will help us to augment our presence in the motorcycle portfolio
and we're very happy to share and you of course know I think we are
there in 80% of the world's premium motorcycle brands, Pete, Kawasaki,
BMW, KTM, TVS, Norton, Aprilia, Motozi, CF Moto. I think two or three
are left. One we already got which we can't name and remaining I believe
should come to us very soon. We also do some steering components of the
motorcycle. The handle of the motorcycle rests on the parts which we
make this auto shift mechanism. Now you've always heard that a car can
run in auto mode wherein you don't need to do any engagement.
Motorcycles have now auto shift mechanism wherein you can choose you
want to manually shift the gears or you want motorcycle to change gear
on its own and this goes to a BMW motorcycle I think R 1300 or something
and it is getting huge response from the customer. Only one company is
making this right now. Now of course when this gets masked adaptation
to other platforms, many more customers will be launching and we
always have the first edge for working on such technologies.
These are of course components of these technologies, but these are critical
components. Company of our scale, we will move slowly to these critical
assemblies, but components wise, yes, a lot of dependence of our
customers is on such platforms.
So, the message through this slide is that whatever we have learned in the
last 10 years in transmission assemblies, now we are expanding our
presence in the other areas of the motorcycle so that our vehicle value
addition increases by offering more products to the same customers.
Beyond automotive, this is 1 project again we invested a couple of years
back not getting good response, but the customer is encouraging us to be
patient. This will grow in the coming years. Electric bicycles you might
have heard. Basically, there are two kinds of one is a mid-drive and one is
a hub drive wherein there is a battery attached to the cycle and then there
is a motor which is either in the wheel or in the hub itself is in the center.
These are bicycles actually, and they can do 30 to 35 mph or KMPH. But
one such technology we are working with Pinion. All of these bicycles also
have gearboxes. Now bicycles having gear is a very old phenomena, but
not we are not talking about bicycle gear, we are talking about bicycle.
Technology which is like an automotive gearbox. So, this has an auto shift.
If you have ridden bicycles, let's assume you are at gear 10. Now if you
want to cycle, you need to go back to gear 0 to start it. This is an automatic
gearbox.
You started gear 18, the cycle will run at the same friction you need. This
has you know this 123 again we've taken from our customer. So, this entire
gearbox what you see is in the cycle which is mounted in. So, when you
are pedalling, so it is applying a force which then shifts the gear
determined by you, not by the sensors. It means that the gears can change
automatically how you are kind of the kind of torque. If you're on a hill,
it can take care of that.
So, it is not transmitting through any shift mechanism in the sense that
there is no sensor which is sensing, it is the user who is riding.
Okay, if I want to go at gear 18, it will automatically engage gear 18 and
give you that much torque you need at that level and then there is a motor
which is running which gives you that amplification so that your effort is
very less. This is a very huge, I think into 20/22 the competitor to this
company is Bosch. They sold 2,000,000 bicycles with such gearboxes and
this market is evolving. These are very expensive bicycles and as you
know, in the coming times, bicycles in Europe at least are increasing a lot
of prominence and these projects are also taking shape slowly, but it is in
anticipation to how these technologies are being well developed and mind
you, these cycles are 3000 to 6000 euros. So, they are expensive products.
Last, we also work on ATV's. So, our customer as we said has product, we
have products and everywhere snow on road, off road, on water. We are
not just doing gears, we are doing propeller shaft assemblies. We are
doing components for turbochargers for the engine. We're doing
components for axle shaft assembly. Some of them are painted. These are,
you know, having mass application. This customer of ours is I think top
three in the world. There are many other companies like Polaris and I
think more companies are there who are making such ATVs right now.
We are working with them and slowly we can increase our presence. But
again, this is not an automotive business. This is a separately vertical and
this vertical is generating huge revenue for us in the last three years. It has
grown like anything this year this is the highest segment and I don't know
the entire market is in US and Canada, but so far that would no impact on
us for any kind of geopolitical situations which are happening because the
plants are in US, Canada and we are supplying to Austria or maybe
Canada, Mexico directly.
But this is how you know you're a part of a company which is having a
vision, which is having a vision to be keep evolving to keep evolving its
customer base, its product portfolio base. Yes, these all things are capital
intensive. A lot of questions come in. Why do you keep investing? Why
the turnover is not growing at the rate? But you need to also understand
these are not end-of-the-mill projects. We can work at a 10% margin and
supply to Indian companies and be happy with it.
At the same time, we are a passionate company. We are passionate people
who like to work on technologies which nobody else can. You know, some
of you should visit the plant this time. We'll try to explain in more detail
how complex this customer requirements are how critical these
assemblies are. You know, if anything fails on the road, a person can die.
So that is the kind of dependence our customers have on us and these
technologies are slowly getting mass adaptation. As the money disposable
income in people's hand increase, the volume of such products will
increase                                                         accordingly.
I think I took more than the time I should have, but the idea was to explain
you that how this is something which is keeping in mind that we are
investing judiciously, but the same time we're investing on projects which
are very futuristic and this gives a lot of confidence to us that we are the
first mover to be honest. Now when we are looking for some business in
domestic, a lot of people ask us, I will not name the customer. So most of
                 them tell them, tell us that we can't afford you. You are very expensive for
                 us. We are, you know, 100% green nobody needs this in Indian ecosystem,
                 but slowly Indian ecosystem is also adapting and evolving to such
                 requirements which the other companies will take time to come to our
                 level. So, this is from my side right now. I do not think we have any other
                 things to show on a presentation. Good to see 68 people still there, so
                 nobody left.


                 Now I think Neha we can have questions. We don't have any pre-
                 registered questions. So if we can have raise of hands that will help us.
                 Yes, so could a lot of hands are raising that will help us lining up. So I see
                 five hands, six hands now. So we can start one by one. Neha, I think you
                 can see and start.
Ms.    Neha OK, Sir. So, Mr. Vijay Pandey. Mr. Pandey, can you hear us?
Bahal
Mr.    Vijay OK. Hi, thank you. Thank you for taking my questions and thanks for a
Pandey       detailed presentation. It was pretty helpful to know about the upcoming
                 products. I have a couple of questions. So, the first one is a normally
                 Quarter one, like in terms of euro exposure.
Mr.    Jitender Sir, your voice is cracking. Can you can you repeat the question please?
Jain             Your voice was cracking.
Mr.    Vijay Just wanted to check what was our FX benefit in the quarter first from
Pandey       the euro exposure.
Mr.    Jitender As per the accounting standard, all export receivables are reinstated as
Jain             per the current rate on the last year of the quarter and then the other the
                 short-term borrowings and long-term borrowings, any loss or any gain on
                 that that gets adjusted below the line.
                 So, since you have seen that we have, we have a predominant exposure in
                 euro and euro has appreciated significantly in last three months. So, this
                 was basically the reinstatement as per the accounting standard.
Mr.    Vijay So, like do you have any figure from like in just a deposit 3-4 crores or five
Pandey       crores? Just wanted to check because our other income was significantly
                 higher. So that's why I wanted to clarify.
Mr. Jitender Right. Well, it was over 7 crores, Sir.
Jain
Mr.    Vijay Okay. Thank you. Well, and Sir, secondly, I understand that we have got
Pandey       two orders from BMW. One is for parking lot mechanism and one is for
                 electric drive train. So this is for both for BMW passenger car or is it one
                 for BMW passenger Car or BMW motorcycle and what is both our cars?
Mr. Gursharan So, these both projects for the car platform and for the same border.
Singh
Mr.     Vijay    Okay and our commercial production, this is expected to start next year.
Pandey
Mr. Jitender     It is financial year 2027.
Jain
Mr.     Vijay    Ok. For both of these products parking lot.
Pandey
Mr. Gursharan    They are together because they're for the same platform, yes.
Singh
Mr.     Vijay    Okay, and Sir, can you give us an update about the TVs Norton? What is
Pandey           the update? Is the commercial production started because we expect it to
                 be launched in this year or Later part of this year, so if you can clarify?
Mr. Gursharan Yes, we are right. Our Honourable Prime Minister Mr. Narendra Modi
Singh         has already inaugurated that vehicle manufacturing system jointly with
                 the British Prime Minister and this vehicle is actually set to be launched
                 in the commercial market probably in November 2025. So, we have
                 already got the order that we're are dispatching in September our from
                 our side to the customer. Of course, the parts are under production in
                 August, probably in September, October, they have to produce this bike
                 here.
Mr.     Vijay So, we start to see a big benefit coming from Q3 if I'm correct.
Pandey
Mr. Gursharan Yeah, we have a brand where the one by two little motorcycle. So, we have
Singh         to really see that how much volume it picks up because I probably this is
                 going to be your first motorcycle in India which is going to be with such
                 high power and being produced in India. So of course. They will be over
                 anxious to see the response, but yes, it is a new platform, yeah.
Mr.    Prabh But I think, I think the assembly will happen in UK, the engine will be
Mehar Singh  made air, the vehicle assembly in UK only and then it is for exports market
                 and you know these are not high-volume businesses but these are high
                 margin businesses.
Mr.    Vijay Oh Okay. So, one last question. This is on the KTM.
Pandey       So, we understand that like KTM is moving, shifting some part of
                 production from Austria to India or either China. So, do we supply to the
                 KTM India or KTM China and are we seeing any production ramp up
                 after like they had stopped production for 5-6 months.
                 So, are we now seeing the production ramp up or is there any delay again
                 happening on that front?
Mr. Gursharan First of all, I'll give you an update. KTM has already restarted production
SIngh         and in fact the full production has already started. But to have a full
                 volume, you also understand if a company remains closed for 6-7 months,
                 so they have to revamp the entire supply chain. So obviously they are also
                 going in a very systemic and structured way. That says they already have
                faced bankruptcy in the past, so they do not want to now create too much
                of excess stops. It will be taking a little more time to come to their full
                volume production. But yes, you're right, production has already started
                and at a fairly reasonable level.
                And now your question of coming back to India, these all are futuristic
                things. Nothing is going to happen overnight but he has two years, three
                years, five years, it may happen, it may not happen. But this is very clear
                that KTM is not that they will stop production in Austria and they will
                start producing everything in India. So, it will happen some models or
                some strategies which will take some more time to really take shift. But
                one thing is very clear, if any models for production shift happens to
                India, so eventually we will be the beneficiary because we are already a
                road supplier. So, then the parts don’t need to be revalidated and
                regarding China, I think you might have already read the interview of Mr.
                Rajiv Bajaj. They are rather saying that they have to be very focused on
                developing the Indian market. So eventually we don't foresee now KTM
                taking big stride in China. It will keep happening in Austria and
                something may happen in India, yeah, of course.
                But in both ways, we are always since, you know, we are a kind of 20
                maybe almost 15 years like partners with them. So, either we are at
                average.
Mr.    Vijay Alright, great Thank you. Thank you, Sir. Just one more thing, Just a
Pandey       suggestion, it's not a question, just because now we are doing the
                conferences call, so it will be great if we can also give a bifurcation
                between 2 Wheelers, passenger vehicle and ATV.
Mr.     Prabh   Sorry, What do you want? Your question was interrupted. Sorry.
Mehar Singh
Mr.     Vijay   Bifurcation between passenger vehicle ATV.
Pandey
Mr. Gursharan   Oh yes, I think that annual report, given annual reports, because quarterly
Singh           it becomes too cumbersome for us to announce, but annual reports we
                always give.
Mr.    Vijay Okay. Thank you. Thank you.
Pandey
Ms.    Neha Keeping in view the time limit, we would request all of you to please limit
Bahal        the number of questions to two. Yes, I would now request Mr. Yogansh.
                Mr. Yogansh, can you hear us?
Mr. Yogansh     Hello. Am I audible?
Mr.    Jitender Yes
Jain
Mr. Yogansh     Yeah, perfect. Thank you so much for the opportunity. First of all,
                congratulations to the entire RACL team on winning these new orders.
              And it's always a pleasure coming and joining your call and listening to
              your commentary. There's so much to learn from the team. Sir, coming to
              my two quick questions, the new business that we have one and two-
              Wheeler domestic business, the mass volume product, could you also
              share what would be the Capex outflow for this project?
Mr.     Prabh Should I answer, Sir?
Mehar Singh
Mr. Gursharan So, since we got order only for two days back, so it will take some more
Singh         time to calculate it.
Mr.    Prabh But we can answer you in this way. There are two aspects to this. First is
Mehar Singh  immediate start of production which will happen with the existing
                capacity we have since you know some of the projects which we have
                certain idle capacities. Then there is a ramp up phase within three months
                of SOP. For that there is a specific capital expenditure required for which
                we are deliberating, deciding and of course calculating and as and when
                if there are any additional funds which need to be deployed or raised that
                will follow with the conventional procedure how we use.
Mr. Yogansh     Got it. So Prabh, just clarifying on that part because so far, our business
                has always been more value driven and less volume driven and our plant
                and our setup has always been structured accordingly. While this is a
                mass volume product and hence we thought maybe going forward you'll
                need a bigger size capex. If is that the right?
Mr.    Prabh Now as I said, so this is cherry on the cake that we can start using our
Mehar Singh  immediate capacity. Since we are not in motorcycle gears from now from
                last 20 years, we are giving same products to all customers, so we will use
                existing capacities which we have, as you know, we are operating at a
                lower utilization. That is the reason turnovers are like that and we can use
                that immediately.
                So, no Capex required immediately to start. But yes, this is a high volume.
                We have never done such a high volume. There definitely Capex will be
                required, but the quantum we are not able to share with you as of today.
Mr. Yogansh  Fair enough, Sir. So secondly on the various projects that we have
             announced in past like Project Titan, Venus, if you could broadly
             highlight where are we in terms of the Capex cycle of those and
             specifically on the Project Venus like you were mentioning that this is a
             very interesting project that we are doing for the steering component.
             I believe this is for the US pickup truck OEM.
Mr.    Prabh No, that is not Venus. That is something else. But yes, steering project is
Mehar Singh  for ZF, but go on.
Mr. Yogansh     Okay. So, I think in one of our past presentations or on goals, we had
                mentioned that Project Venus prototype had to start from quarter to FY26.
                So, what is the status of that?
Mr. Gursharan No. So you're confusing two things. Venus is a project which goes to BMW
Singh         cars. That prototyping is very much ongoing and I think the first
              participant asked one is the SOP and Sir explained SOP is next year, both
              platforms.
              The second part on the ZF project prototyping has been done, submitted
              parts have gone to our customer. The validations are going on. The start
              of production of that project is much later, it is in 27 or 28. So for that we
              have good 1.5 year because it's a bigger cycle, we are Tier 3 in this, so it is
              a longer validation cycle, so it will take its own time for commercializing.
Mr. Yogansh   Okay and so the ones, the projects which we are supposed to go live in
                 26, where are we in terms of the Capex cycle?
Mr. Jitender     That will finish in this year.
Jain
Mr. Yogansh      Got it, Sir. Got it. Thank you and all the which I'll get back in the queue.
Ms.     Neha     Hello, thank you. I would now request Nayan Agility advisors to unmute
Bahal            themselves and ask their question.
Mr.     Nayan I hope I am audible. So, I just had a question regarding the inventory. As
Agility       we've seen there was a lot of inventory build-up for KTM. So, in the last
Advisors
              con call you said that the inventory will start reducing. So, what is the
                 status on that?
Mr. Gursharan I'll answer you. First of all, the inventory has been already started
Singh         liquidating because since they have already started production, they have
                 given us a complete form plan and in fact whatever is the old inventory,
                 this all will be picked up during next few months or maybe latest by end
                 of this financial year and in fact we have already started fresh production
                 also. So that way we are all new.
Mr.     Nayan    Let's see. Okay and Sir, 25% EBITDA margins, are these sustainable or
Agility          these are just one off for this quarter?
Advisors
Ms.              You know, nothing really stationary is one, but one should always aspire
Gursharan        for keeping the highest profitability. But you know, in all our con calls,
Singh
                 we always maintain that we will always try to maintain our little segment
                 in a manner that it will always be a high beta margins crystal, but you
                 know, digital fluctuations people like Tariffs, being announced by Donald
                 Trump every day, every day in me. So really great. Nothing is stationary.
                 So ours are anything between 20 or 25% is always our benchmark.
Mr.     Nayan All right, Sir, if I could just squeeze another question. The project Crystal
Agility       was for an American OEM and after the 50% tire ups on auto ancillary
Advisors
              product. So, will there be a delay in that project and what will be the
                 update on that?
Mr. Gursharan Obviously, no. Everything is going out on track, you know, many times
Singh         the statics all are not actually business announcements, they are actually
                 political announcements. So, nobody knows which way the things will
                 settle down in the coming few months. But you know, industries are the
                 business houses, are those big ODMs. We'll never fine tune their policies
                 on such a scenario. They will always have a long-term framework. So,
                 there's nothing stopping us for the feature restrict development. So,
                 everything is going as for time.
Mr.     Nayan    All right. Okay. Thank you, Sir. All the best for the coming quarters.
Agility
Advisors
Mr. Jitender     Yeah. Thank you. Now, Mr. Ramanjit Singh. You can ask your question.
Jain
Mr. Ramanjit     Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and thanks for that elaborative
Singh            presentation. If I could just ask, apologies, it's a very broad question, but
                 in terms of, you know, when a layman like me looks at the emerging
                 landscape of automobiles. It seems to be in a flux because you know, we
                 have ICE, we have hybrid EVs and especially I see a lot of OEMs in
                 Europe, you know, facing a transition channel challenge on, you know,
                 which way they would move next. So as a company which is very much
                 into innovation, you know what is your guiding star for which technology
                 to focus on? Like when you sit down and think for next four or five years,
                 how do you define the path ahead given that you know you are involved
                 a lot in developing technology which is futuristic? Thanks.
Mr. Gursharan Yeah, I will answer you to the second. You know, if you really see our
Singh         broad business profile, it is very well diversified by into passenger cars,
                 into commercial vehicles, into motorcycles and into off-road vehicles.
                 Now if you really see a transition of all these segments from ice or hybrid
                 mobility to dual EV mobility. Highest risk is at motorcycles of sub 100CC
                 or 150CC products. That is the highest probability of transition or I'd say
                 the fastest probability of transition and 2nd is the passenger cars. So as a
                 company strategy, I will say we are focused very clearly that in
                 motorcycles we will always insist for or strategize for premium segment.


                 When we say premium segment, anything about 253 hundred CC motor
                 bikes and this is very clear that the current level of technology of electric
                 vehicles or the EV technology, this high premium segment motorcycles,
                 we do not foresee any immediate changeable possibility because many
                 companies try and they found that it doesn't sell.
                 So then eventually they stopped focusing on to this. So that way we
                 always have a very safe strategy in passenger cars. You all know that we
                 started our passenger car entry only 4-5 years back and incidentally, these
                 five years were the area where the transition discussion started between
                 fuel to EV. So as Prabh already explained you in that one page of slide, all
                 our passenger car business is either EV or by fuel agnostic.
                 We are not making any investments or we are not planning anything into
                 fair, pure ice or pure hybrid platform. Either they are vehicle agnostic,
                 sorry the fuel agnostic, anything is whether high or hybrid or EV, our
                 parts will remain.


                 Second, we are spending efforts on to the EV technology because we also
                 do not want to be caught off guard. So that's the reason this BMW project,
                 this Venus and Titan, which we always code name them, they are for a
                 futuristic electric vehicle but again say even in EV we are not into normal
                 EV, we are into again sports functions or high end premium segments for
                 EVs and as far as agriculture machinery or the off road vehicles or
                 commercial vehicles, we do not foresee any transition like in AV
                 explained to you that EV or off-road vehicles or snowmobiles.
                 You can very well understand that in snowmobiles when a fellow has to
                 use the snowmobile on a snow patch area where he will get the electricity
                 on a mountain having with snow. Same thing is with the sea scooters.
Mr. Ramanjit Okay.
Singh
Mr. Gursharan In oceans you can't really drive electric vehicle. So that way we do not
Singh         foresee all such transition. So our strategy is very clear that the impact of
                 this transition either we have strategy is very clearly or our product
                 portfolio as such where we do not foresee any changeover or any major
                 changeover, some miniscule error there will always happen and as you
                 know 3 Wheelers was also in fact I forgot 3 Wheelers is also one of the
                 biggest transition so that strategically, we have already reduced our
                 dependence of three Wheeler business. 7-8 years back, I think we were
                 27% and now I think we are 3%.
                 So this is how we have already derived ourselves from such transitions. I
                 hope I have been able to satisfy your question.
Mr.    Prabh And just to add to Mr. Singh, see, eventually when you are an innovative
Mehar Singh  company, so we don't define ourselves to just a platform like Sir said most
                 of these technologies even if they're in EV, the product or the technology
                 base we have can make parts for even an aerospace product for an aircraft
                 as well. The biggest asset is our people, the knowledge about the systems,
                 the procedures and the mindset. Once you have that mindset. It takes one
                 year to add technology, but 10 years to have that mindset to run that
                 technology. So that is our biggest asset which does not come on paper
                 anywhere that in last five to eight years our we have developed a team of
                 so strong engineers and people who can handle any kind of expectation,
                 be aircraft worthy wherein there are 0 failures or even a three-Wheeler
                 where the competition is very high.
                 We are still if still having four-person business in three-Wheeler, it means
                 we are competitive, it means we are still able to operate at that pricing
                 which is profitable for customer and also and similarly we are able to
                 develop technologies which are very futuristic. So, the biggest earning of
                 the next five years of the company is taking care of this mindset, which
                 can do wonders if given in the right direction.
Mr. Ramanjit OK, thanks. Thanks for the input. So, you know you already added it
Singh        Prabh in your response. So is it good to understand that you know some
                 part of I know your hands are full, but some part of your mind space,
                 thought space also goes to Non-automobile industry given that basically
                 you are a precision manufacturing.
Mr. Gursharan So BHEL, you already saw the roadmap. So again, we start from the top.
Singh         So, if we go into the non-automotive, so we pitch all for you know BHEL
                 is one of the Navratna PSU's of India and I think they are #2 anyone in
                 Navratra. They're the first in the Indian.
Mr.    Prabh No, BHEL mutually still, I mean one which we can't disclose that you
Mehar Singh  know the meeting we had last week. So of course, we are doing a lot in
                 industrial applications and as I said, we are very aspiring as an
                 organization. We are thinking today because still thousand we are
                 comfortable. So how does that happen is having a vision which can take
                 us there.
Mr. Ramanjit     OK. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot for your answers and best of luck.
Singh
Ms.    Neha      Thank you. Thank you. Next, Mr. Piyush Jain.
bahal
Mr.   Piyush     Yeah, Thank you. It's always a delight to attend the RACL call. Thank you,
Jain             Sir. Thank you, Prabh. Thank you. From my first day of call attending
                 today, I think I always learned something about the cars and bikes and
                 gears and all and it. Just mesmerize by the size of RACL companies doing
                 so much of good work. Kudos to you guys. I have one or two small
                 question if you have because I joined later if you have given any guidance
                 with respect to top line or something grows for one year, two years, three
                 years just if you can repeat if you want to give any guidance something
                 and second thing with respect to how much capex we are planning to do
                 in next two years and we have raised some preferential allotment money
                 also recently and what we will use for those money for reduction of debt
                 or capex? What is the debt positioning to be after two years down the line?
Mr.    Jitender So, yes. So, on the guidance for this financial year, we have already
Jain            disclosed in our last two last board meeting, we had already disclosed the
                budgeted turnover for this year.
               So we are still abiding by the same and we are targeting the same budget
               for this financial year. That was the your first question.
               I'll answer your third question first, the money which has been raised
               through preferential allotment and all the entire money apart from after
               meeting all the issue expenses and all have been utilized to predominantly
               to reduce the long-term debt and some amount to reduce the short-term
               debt. But the entire money has been utilized to reduce the debt.
               As of now and on the Capex part for this financial year, the fresh Capex
               which we had already announced last time, the fresh Capex for this
               financial year as of now is close to around 50 crores and the corresponding
               the new debt which will come will be 75%. So, these all figures are already
               disclosed debt.
Mr.     Piyush Okay and just one thing, congratulations for the getting the process
Jain             approval from BHEL and all. So just as a broad what type of size of this
                 industrial business can become because right now purely we have a
                 predominated auto automobile business only.
                 Down the line, let's say 2-3 years, maybe a bail, maybe some other
                 company which might also be getting panel. So what type of size we can
                 see it would be around 15-20% of the top line this.
Mr. Gursharan Yeah, yeah. So, as I already told you, BHEL is one of one of the third which
Singh         we already got the approvals that we shared. Likewise, we are talking to
                 many, many big conglomerates from USA, they are not actually USA, they
                 are the global companies.
                 In the USA they have done the US, Europe, Germany, England, Italy so
                 well. So, we are talking to them. So many such avenues, you know,
                 industrial segment or the construction segment has a huge plethora of
                 business opportunities and this is the segment which we have studied
                 thinking on this and you know strategy always remains like this.


                 First, we incubate ourselves like I'll just give you an example. This is some
                 electricals. It's not that we got vendor resistance, we just went there and
                 they gave us. We worked with them for the last two years.
                 Well, I think two or three different projects through tendering route. Now
                 they awarded us those businesses and their top man was saying, Kavish
                 was saying we have never got such good quality in first go from any of
                 our supplier. So you know always we incubate because if we enter into
                 the industrial sector, first of all we picked up some specimen by
                 production line with all of them and we understood the thought process,
                 the thinking process of the infrastructure segment or the industrial. Now
                 and when we did the best, now same we will try to grow it up. So now
                 only time will tell how much growth we can achieve through this. But as
                 automotive segment is always there, so this industrial segment we are also
                 thinking both the segments are totally different. Automotive segment is a
                mass volume, high volume and by a consistent segment. Industrial
                segments or such construction segments, they are generally not very high
                volumes, not any huge year on year growth but having good traffic
                models, so we have to have a balance under this.
                It's not that we are going to industrial, so then we will reduce our focus
                on automotive or this even when you say automotive or non-automotive,
                even if you now see.
                In automotive, normally people consider passenger cars and two
                Wheelers as automotive, off road vehicles, agriculture. They are even now
                non-automotive.
Mr.    Prabh Yes, I was about to say that even today we have 40% business which is
Mehar Singh  non-automotive. So, this conception that we are 100% automotive is not
                correct.
Mr. Gursharan Yeah, in fact, all the Indian calculations, even commercial trucks, they
Singh         don't consider them as automotive. They consider them as an
                infrastructure or the tracking is not considered auto body actually is
                considered only passenger vehicle than water cycle.
Mr.    Piyush Oh, no. That is not my question. Sure, sure. My question was little
Jain            different actually I wanted to check any industrial business which we will
                get in future. Do we need to do a separate Capex for that or our existing
                facility will support it?
Mr. Gursharan Okay. It's a little complicated for us to answer because until we get the
Singh         business, we can't really know that whether we use as extinct technology
                or we have to put those technologies. It depends you know when you start
                hunting one new business, so you do not know you'll get that business.
                Once the business matures, we have to really see that what kind of
                business it will be. Although our focus will always be that first we should
                be able to utilize our existing infrastructure, but if business is promising,
                if business is good, so and then if Capex is required, definitely we'll love
                to do the Capex because one thing is very clear irrespective whether it's
                the automotive, non-automotive, industrial, non-industrial. We will
                always work with the top of the line businesses where there is no risk of
                investment. You know what happens? Making investments is not a bad
                thing. Making risky investments is a bad thing. Well, many times you
                invest on some risky businesses which do not have a clear visibility or you
                can't trust them 100%. So that is absolutely clear in respective. Yeah, sorry.
Mr.    Piyush Sir, sorry to interrupt. Actually, I was coming from your quotes early
Jain            because in the past also you have said we do Capex only when we have a
                visibility of orders in hand or orders in something. So that is what my
                question is to understand like this government Organization BHEL and
                 all etc. How you will plan this? You will do Capex first or you will get
                 order then you will do Capex to the fresh facility or Capex needs to be
                 done or it's the old structure infrastructure can help. Just wanted to get
                 some idea.
Mr. Gursharan Yeah.
Singh         First of all, I compliment your good memory that you keep my words or
                 our forecast in your mind. Yeah, so.
Mr.    Prabh No memory. It is not a memory. People document whatever we say. So, it
Mehar Singh  is more of a history.
Mr.    Piyush No, it's not about documenting. No, I will just interrupt Sir, I am an
Jain          investor in RACL and I don't document anything in RACL. I am an
              investor in RACL for about five years. In last five years and I'm telling you
              I don't need to go quarterly result here and there something. I just look
              forward to listen to you guys in quarterly earnings call. That's it. I'm
              investor in RACL from last five years and I don't document anything
              related to RACL. That's a compliment to the team.
Mr. Gursharan Great. We are really glad to have such long-term investors in our
Singh         government. We are really very glad to have such investors who always
              work with us as a long-term trust builder on us. But I'll say since you
              raised this question, I'll again answer whatever I said few years back
              today also mean to be the same. We will not make any investment. I told
              you very clearly that it’s not that we first invest and then start hunting.
              That's what I'm saying when business will come our as I told you today
              and our prime interest will be that our existing capacity first of all should
              be able to be utilized. But you also know in that it’s not that we are any
              unused capacity which is totally wrong because we never invest until
              there is a business. Okay, so even in the infrastructure sector, our prime
              interest will be it should revolve around our existing investment. What if
              any new investments are happening and if there are big? Why else? Why
              not? We'll make investments. So, bankers and investors like you are
              always there to support us in the spend dates. But on a very clear note, we
              never make any large investments in anticipation. Okay, we are now
              anting into infrastructure or industrial segment. So we should invest 10
              crores or 20 crores or 100 crores or 1000 crores preparing for this segment.
              No, we will first hunt for the sales. We get the clarity only then.
Mr.    Piyush Yes, Perfect. Just wanted to know that is this still continuing the same or
Jain          we are changing anything.
Mr. Gursharan No, you know, it is either your money or investor's money or banker's
Singh         money. I'm just a custodian. So, we'll always invest judicious, in case of
              preferential investment, even we got the investment from the stock
              market or from the investors, it's not that we'll change our investment
              strategy. Investment strategy will always be very judiciously. Thank you.
Mr.    Piyush Thank You.
Jain
Mr. Gursharan Thank you once again for being out long term invested.
Singh
Ms.     Neha Yes, Next is Mr. Tej Patel.
Bahal
Mr. Tej Patel    Yeah, am I audible?
Mr.    Jitender Yes, please go ahead.
Jain
Mr. Tej Patel    Yeah, yeah. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I will just quickly ask
                 my question. So, we are planning to you know touch about 1000 crores of
                 revenue by FY29 and you already said here we are planning beyond 1000
                 crores. I just wanted to try and get your view on, you know from where
                 are we expecting this growth to come from? You know, will domestic
                 market be a major focus area for us? You know, are we ready to take up
                 let's say more volume-based order rather than value-based order? I just
                 trying to, you know, tell you from why I'm asking this? Because if I look
                 at your customers today, you know they are all catered to the premium
                 categories of the respective vehicle category which itself is growing at let's
                 say about the single digit volume growth, right.
                 Even if I look at their numbers for let's say the last two quarters in the
                 commentary, Europe overall has been slow and the domestic mix of
                 course is increasing for us also. So, I'm just trying to understand your
                 view, you know where, from which segment, from which category of
                 customers, from which product category do we do we expect to ramp up
                 fastly and achieve the 1000 crores growth. So just wanted to understand
                 your mindset and one broader if it do we anticipate just wanted to get to
                 your point of view given the current geopolitical scenario and the tariff
                 scenario do you see the export getting uh let's say the sustainable growth
                 toward export getting been impended because of the situation and do you
                 see the yourself de risking it? What are your strategies? Just wanted to get
                 your views on it. Thank you.
Mr. Gursharan Yeah. So first of all, I'll answer your first part of the question. In all our
Singh         business whether it's 500 crores or 1000 crores or 50 crores or 5000 crores,
              we     will    always        keep    focus    on    value-based      business.
              Of course volume will bring only the top line, but bottom line is very
              important for us. So, we'll not really hunt for business. Okay, whatever is
              the cost here, you just get it. So, we'll always keep focus on value business
              and our focus is very clear that we always create our preimmunises.

                 Okay, we are not into run-of-the-mill business. Now to answer your
                 second question from where the volume growth will come. If you are
                 really seeing our presentation today, we already told you that in 2027-28
                 we are adding a big business into this electric power steering which I've
                 explained you for a pickup truck platform. You know the biggest good
                 thing in that project is that is actually currently running a platform pickup
                 truck in the US. So, it's not that's a new vehicle. The customer is already
                 producing two hundred 250,000 pickup trucks per year. Only thing is they
                 are changing from hydraulic steering to electric steering. So that business
                 will not have any ramp up that will be sudden increase of business and I
             don't have the exact numbers handy, but probably a few have some
             indicative number, but I think it is pretty high revenue per year.
Mr.    Prabh Okay, for which revenue we can't disclose, but the volume is around
Mehar Singh  200,000.

Mr. Gursharan Pick up. Yeah, it's a pretty high volume. We have only told almost, yeah,
Singh         almost told 200,000. So that is the biggest revenue generator. Second is
              Europe.
              You say that Europe is declining and Europe is consistent stagnant, but I
              will tell you what we see in this media's Europe sees only one of the media
              generally sees European economic numbers, but you know automotive
              platforms, whether they are motorcycles or pass cars.

                 Europe doesn't produce only for Europe. Europe produces for whole of
                 world. You know, whether South America is Africa or USA, OK in Asia, I
                 will not say that Europe has much exports from Europe to Asian countries
                 like India or like China or Japan but the rest of the world, basically the
                 American continent, North America, South America, Europe is a big
                 player. Africa, you know, Africa doesn't have any carbon vaccine facility
                 excepting maybe one facility in South Africa. Otherwise whole of Africa,
                 there is no facility.
                 So, Europe is a feeder to the entire world. So automotive, I'm not saying
                 that they're growing 10% per year, but they're not also declining like this.
                 But you know there are some transitions are happening today. All stuff is
                 also affecting it. Coming to motorcycle business, European motorcycle
                 business is a pretty stable business, but you also see that we also saw these
                 headwinds or we foresee these headwinds and we already captured
                 business from India's or not India's. I'll say it's the world's largest
                 premium motorcycle manufacturer. So, you can guess who are the
                 customers. So, we already took the top of the line business. So, we have
                 ended our preimmunises. We have got a high-volume business, so
                 eventually it will add to our volume generation or the revenue generation
                 in a big way.
                 Likewise, we have many new discussions because as Param told you that
                 up to 1000 crores visibility is already there and then we have already said
                 that by 28-29 kind of financial years we have to do 1000 crores. Now we
                 have started thinking beyond 28-29.

             So, you also understand that we still have five years to work. So, we have
             started our roadmap and there are many, many new platforms are coming
             because this tariff and all such stuff, whatever is happening across United
             States. Believe me, as an industrialist, as an entrepreneur or as a
             businessman, I'll say I always see a silver lining in this. I always see half
             glass full. India will never be a loser out of this. India will emerge a winner
             and the way our government has taken a tough stand. I really appreciate
             this kind of gunmanship I personally feel. Whenever there is a conflict and
             conflict are suddenly jacked up, it is very clear that the settlement is in the
             horizon. So somewhere this tariffs thing will settle down.
Mr.    Prabh On that tariff, I will also share that experience we had last week. So, we
Mehar Singh  were negotiating some business. I will not name the customer. So how the
              world is evolving. So, the price is now being discussed as price without
              tariff and price after tariff. So they're actually putting this into the
              consideration and the customers was, it was a deep American company
              and we said our terms are clear. Custom duty clearance is in your scope.
              Our landing price is this you pick from our gate then what needs to be
              done, you can take care and they were also flexible. They said fine. We
              can of course put in this as a margin.
              For example, if we quoted 100, everything is subject to negotiation. So,
              let's assume his expectation was 80. So, we said, yeah, so this 20 can be
              our contribution towards tariff. So, you know that ways people are
              waking up to this reality and it will be short lived and companies cannot
              have strategies for long term with short term problems.
Mr. Gursharan Exactly and I'll also add one thing, you know, imagine because
Singh         sometimes, as I already told you, the business friends, business houses or
                 big industries will never, never make strategy on these political
                 statements. They put 50% or 25% Tariff on India and next morning we
                 saw a Twitter statement by Donald Trump. Oh, billions of dollars have
                 started coming into the United States. Now it's a public platform. I should
                 not be really speaking like this, but I personally fail to understand.
                 How come by increasing the driving tariff the dollars, billions of dollars
                 are started failing the USA? Where it’s very clear tariff is being paid by
                 the customer, not by the supplier. So, it's very clear these all are just
                 statements to. Saddles on other issues which are more underlying. So, I
                 don't feel that this tariff thing is going to have any long-term impact on
                 the business strategy within USA and India. Believe me, USA and India
                 are long term partners and this partnership continue to go and let's not
                 really get excessively worried and yes, if it really something will be kind
                 of happen. The whole of Indian industry will be together and you know,
                 India is a big market, so you should understand no country can ignore us.
Mr. Tej Patel    Great, great. Thank you so much for the detailed answer, Sir. So, I'll just
                 club two of my questions. I know you have said that we are probably, you
                 know, doing Capex of about 100 and 150 crores in the next two years. If
                 possible, could you break it down how much in this financial year and
                 how much in the next financial year and is my understanding?
                 Correct. The incremental growth about 25-30% which we are projecting
                 this year is expected to come from the new projects coming live in the
                 second-half. Is my understanding correct?
Mr. Gursharan So, as I've told you that we have finalized this year Capex till now. So this
Singh         year Capex as of now is 50 crores. The figures of Capex which we had
                 disclosed earlier was over a period of three years. So the next year Capex
                 and next to next year Capex have still not been finalized, but out of that
                 total Capex which we have declared this year, we'll be doing a Capex of
                 50 crores and the growth, so growth part you want. So I think we already
                explained growth is coming around interesting with those two
                nominations. We already got January 26th, so the also be starting and for
                that we are not making any capacity. We already you know let us be very
                clear we had some idle capacity for KTM Yes. So, we are now going to do
                it and then when KTM grows, yes. So now we are flexible.
Mr. Tej Patel   Got it, Sir, now. Perfect. Got it. Thank you.
Mr. Prabh       Thank you. Thank you. I think now we'll finish now and maybe another
Mehar Singh     two. Yes Mr. Preet Pitani.
Mr. Preet       Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible?
Pitani
Mr. Prabh       Can you be a little louder, please?
Mehar Singh
Mr. Preet       Yeah, I'm audible now.
Pitani          So, my first question would be line on the tariff cost. So, if you can
                quantify the amount of tariff, tariff cost which we have in cotton one and
                as we can see that the export to domestic fleet is 60 to 40 as compared to
                earlier guidance given up for FY26 for 70 to 30. So, is there any delay from
                our customer? I understand that there will be no long-term impact
                because of tariff, but any short-term headwind we are seeing because of
                this tariff.
Mr. Prabh       I think we already answered that in the last question.
Mehar Singh
Mr.             We already do earlier tariffs. We are not having any tariffs in our costing.
Gursharan       Our terms are always at the port only, so no direct impact on our costing
Singh
                and businesses, you know the 70-30 or 60-40, whatever we are discussing.
                Our own focus is to now focus more on increase our focus on domestic
                market. So that is the, you know, it's a kind of mitigation of all such
                volatility where you see that on one side you all know KTM was down for
                almost 7-8 months last year. There was a lot of volatility in export
                business, but we were still able to match our 23-24 performance rather we
                had a notional growth of 1%. So that really shows companies really fit in
                maintaining our top lines and bottom lines.


                In this factory I sell in India or I sell in Europe or in Japan or Pakistan. It
                doesn't mean end of the day we must actually get revenues. So, this 60-40,
                70-30 whatever is there, you know nothing can be stationary. It is always
                range bound. So, I'll say let it be 2/3 export and 1/3 domestic.
                It can be 60%, it can be 75% to 65%, it can be 70%. So, some variations will
                always but primarily will remain export focused company. But there's one
                more thing. We already explained in the previous interactions many
                businesses which were actually exports business. Now they are also
                converting into domestic business. Well, you know Kubota has acquired
              escorts.


              So now it has become an Escorts Kubota. So now parts are still going from
              us, but now an Escorts Kubota does the consolidation. So eventually that
              business has shifted from export category to domestic category.
              So, when it has come 60-30, 60-40 doesn't mean that our export business
              has gone down. It is a kind of say that the route change.
              Initially we were exporting directly, now it is we are giving to the
              aggregator’s same way as our summit for the Dalian business. Until last
              year we were doing the entire business to Europe. Now somebody has a
              factory in India, they say we'll do the consolidation.
              That also has a little impact. Some businesses are being restructured from
              purely export business to domestic business. So, you know it gives us an
              advantage. So, our receivables also get improved and our continuity
              business, it's always there.
Mr. Prabh     And just to add, I think as a concluding, most of the businesses are also
Mehar Singh   shifting because of the low cost, but it is still an export business.
              So, for example, we make motorcycle parts for Piaggio, for let's say
              Norton or TV or even BMW is making bikes in India. They're actually
              selling more in export market than in domestic. If they're making 170 are
              exported 30 are only for India because Indian market is still not ready for
              that pricing or that preimmunises. So, in that like ZF Rane is also a
              domestic business, my payment will come in 40 days.


              But it is an export business, it is for American market. So that way our
              strategy is still export centric because end customer is now making in
              India maybe selling only abroad. So even if we are exporting to Europe or
              we are making in India, the application of the product is across the world.
              So that also needs to be always considered that domestic business because
              I think the question is coming domestic means maybe less premium and
              then they want to factor in their Excel sheets maybe. No, that's not the
              point.
              Point is business will always be of that same margin, but actually it will
              be better because your payment will come in 40-50 days, but the
              premiumness, the quality consciousness, the application will still remain
              global in terms of how it is being sold.
Mr.           That's very clear. Same with the Aprilia. Aprilia has produced last year, I
Gursharan     think 9000 motorcycles in India and I don't remember that number, but I
Singh
              really remember they sold around 1000 motorcycles only in India. That's
              all about export. So technically it is still an export. I'm not exporting,
              somebody else is exporting
Mr. Prabh     Yes, Okay. I think it is already four. We can take one last question from
Mehar Singh   Dhiraj and we can end it. So, I'm unmuting.
Mr. Preet     Oh, sorry, Sir, my one more question was there if I can.
Pitani
Mr. Prabh     Sir, you can you can come back in the line and then we can answer all
Mehar Singh   your questions or maybe you can write it to us.
Mr. Dheeraj   Hi, Prabh. Thanks a lot for the opportunity. I'll just in interest of time, I'll
              just ask my question quickly, given that we are only focusing on low
              volume, high margin products. That restricts our, I mean market
              opportunity in a way. So how easy or hard is it for us to get entry into
              aerospace for defence as an opportunity because end of the day that is the
              next ancillary opportunity I think we will need to enter to really, you
              know, enter into the like a for acquiring a bigger market right in order to
              grow from 1000 to say like northwards of like 1500 whatever, right. So,
              what is the view there? What is the thought process?
Mr. Prabh     See, I think what I explained early, it is the mindset which is required for
Mehar Singh   aerospace, not the technology or the plant and machinery. That mindset
              we are building in last 10 years is preparing us for aerospace. Aerospace
              is no rocket science. It still operates within the same parameters. Only
              thing what changes is the traceability, the documentation and the third is
              it has to be a 0 PPM. Your products cannot fail. That is the only
              precondition and the gestation periods are very high. It is a learning
              curve. Every organization goes through that.
              And aerospace will happen at its own space and at the right time because
              right now we are very focused on generating this growth which we have
              now brought to this level. So next three to five years are the growth times
              wherein    we    want     to   build    in   a   good    fundamental      base.
              And then this is a journey beyond thousand, maybe inorganic, maybe
              how we can use our existing know how by being that supplier who can,
              you know, create its presence. Because we have worked in aerospace in
              the past, we have certifications.
              We have worked with them, we have worked in work with many other
              Indian, you know in that ecosystem so that we understand our heat
              treatment lab is actually Aero grade certified. They don't do it. So,
              certifications wise it is not difficult and you know, the kind of these
              electric cars are being made, they're actually aero grid technology in terms
              of that requirements. So, we're slowly ramping up to that mindset is very
              important and I don't think it is difficult to achieve that.
Mr. Dheeraj      No, understood. Just a small doubt if we are saying that our power
                 steering is actually agnostic to ice and hybrid and electric, why do we term
                 it as electric powering power steering?
Mr. Prabh        It's in that the power steering is up two times. One is hydraulic assisted,
Mehar Singh      one is electric assisted.
                 When you say electric power steering and when the steering system
                 works on electricity, there is no hydraulics. Yeah, so is it technology or the
                 steering.
Mr. Dheeraj      But we have both, is it?
Mr. Prabh        It's not for the EV. It can be, you know, even in India there are many cars
Mehar Singh      with which are having electric power steering. So, because electric power
                 steer because technically when we say power steering, generally it is a
                 there is a hydraulic pump.
                 It is driven by the engine fan belt or the engine timing system and but in
                 electric power steering there is no hydraulic, it's only it runs through
                 battery or through the electric being.
Mr. Prabh        Basically, there is a motor, there is an ECU and then the gearbox.
Mehar Singh
Mr. Dheeraj      No, no, it's very clear, but it can be used in ice also is what you're saying,
                 right? Electric power steering can also be used.
Mr. Prabh        But, it is for ICE only. This project is for ICE only this platform. So see I'll
Mehar Singh      clarify. Electric steering system is very much predominant today in past
                 cars of a smaller engine. Let's assume maybe a Kia, Seltos or a BMW will
                 have it.


                 We are talking about a pickup truck platform where electric steering
                 systems right now are not predominantly there. So, this is again a new
                 product which is being brought in all put together for this segment. I don't
                 know if you understand pickup trucks. These pickup trucks are actually
                 vehicles, but they're huge. They are engine wise and load wise. So there
                 having electric steering system means it needs a very big assembly. So that
                 is something which not many companies are able to make it and this is for
                 the first time this platform will have.
Mr. Dheeraj      Got it. Thanks a lot for the answers. All the best.
Mr. Gursharan Oh, thank you. We really always feel thrilled to interact with you guys,
Singh         you it really gives us lots and lots of insight. So, it really shows that there
              is a lot of enthusiasm towards this Concall and we really look forward for
              your valued contribution and ask as much questions as possible so that it
              keeps us all of us on our toes and it really keeps us motivated and inspired
              to put up our efforts to perform continually in a more and better way.
              Have a good now rain free weather in Mumbai. Yes, I know most of
              people are from Mumbai. Thank you for joining this call.
 Ms.       Neha Thank you, everyone. On behalf of the management, I would like to
 Bahal                 sincerely thank all the participants for joining and engaging with us
                       today. Your participation is greatly appreciated. I would also like to
                       extend a special thanks to the management team for their thorough and
                       patient responses to all the questions raised during the session. Thank you
                       everyone.


Notes:

1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the
proceedings

2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference.

3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without
the prior written consent of RACL Geartech Limited.

                 Digitally signed by Neha Bahal
                 DN: cn=Neha Bahal, c=IN,
Neha Bahal       st=Delhi, o=Personal, title=8911,
                 serialNumber=1070600d51cfb7a3e
                 7f9237b77ab72982622bba45fb9e3
                 376de0904c6246d099
                 Date: 2025.08.27 18:06:09 +05'30'
