                                                                         Date: December 11, 2025
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited             The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE)
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex                     25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                           Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001
Symbol: RACLGEAR                                         Scrip Code: 520073


Subject: Investor Conference Call Transcript

Dear Sir/Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find
enclosed herewith the Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call which was held
on Friday, December 05, 2025 at 03:00 P.M. (IST) to discuss the Company’s Q2 of FY 25-26
earnings.

The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at
www.raclgeartech.com.

You are requested to take note of the above and oblige.

Thanking You,

For RACL Geartech Limited
                Digitally signed by Neha Bahal

Neha Bahal      DN: cn=Neha Bahal, c=IN, st=Delhi,
                o=Personal, title=8911,
                serialNumber=1070600d51cfb7a3e7f9237b7
                7ab72982622bba45fb9e3376de0904c6246d
                099
                Date: 2025.12.11 14:54:14 +05'30'



Neha Bahal
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
               RACL GEARTECH LIMITED
      Q2 FY 2025-26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
                 DECEMBER 05, 2025


                    MANAGEMENT:
MR. GURSHARAN SINGH – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR
  MR. PRABH MEHAR SINGH- CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
      MR. JITENDER JAIN- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Ms.      Neha I am Neha Bahal, the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of RACL
Bahal         Geartech Limited. On behalf of the Company, I would like to extend a warm
              welcome to all of you to this post result conference call for the second quarter
              of the financial year 2025-26. I will be your moderator for today's session.
              Before we begin, I would like to make a few important announcements.
              Please note that this conference call may include forward-looking statements
              based on the company's current beliefs, opinions and expectations.
              The statements are not a guarantee of future performance and are subject to
              various risks, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ.
              Additionally, all participant lines will be on mute during the presentation and
              we        will      have      a       question       and      answer         session.
              At the end of the presentation, where you can ask any question that you may
              have.
              If you need any assistance during the call, you can submit your question via
              Q&A box or raise your hand, ask for the available options on the screen and we
              will assist you accordingly. Please be informed that this call is being recorded.
              We are pleased to be joined today by the management team of RACL Geartech
              Limited represented by Mr. Gursharan Singh, Chairman and Managing
              Director, Mr. Jitender Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Prabh Mehar Singh,
              Chief Operating Officer.
              With that, I now invite Mr. Gursharan Singh for his opening remarks.
              Over to you Sir.
Mr. Gursharan Hi friends, Good afternoon. First of all, interacting with you is brilliant. Another
Singh         from North India, but I know most of people are from Mumbai but still in
              Mumbai weather is also very pleasant these days. So please have enjoyment of
              this. So, in fact, our team will really come through the complete presentation,
              facilitation information and all the parts and all the feature looks like, but I just
              wanted to appreciate the meeting with you, things are really looking very good.
              Indian economy is really resilient economy. Things are really getting better by
              each passing day. Keep passing order and globally. Also, despite all the
              challenges.
              Global situation is also proving a lot, so we really see that coming year 2026
              will be full of improvement and yes, of course with quarterly initiative of being
              in contact with all of you. Rest that will always go and we'll keep you updated
              all the future in, but just for to start with I'll hand over to Prabh and Jitender
              Jain to initiate the complete information of the performance of the last quarter.
Ms.      Neha With that, we will start today's presentation with a brief introduction about
Bahal         the Company. It is my pleasure to introduce RACL Geartech limited and share
              an overview of what we do and who we are. Our journey began in 1983 and
              since then we have grown into a trusted engineering and manufacturing
              partner. We are based in New Delhi, registered with DUNS and proudly
              headquartered in Noida, India. We are a publicly listed company on both BSE
              Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and also have an
              Austrian subsidiary.
              Over the years, we have built a strong infrastructure that supports our global
              operations.
                  Today we operate 2 manufacturing locations, a corporate office and three
                  warehouses in Europe. Our team comprises 869 dedicated employees who
                  contribute to our collective success. Our products serve a wide range of
                  applications across industries. 2 Wheelers, 3 Wheelers, passenger cars.
                  Commercial trucks, ATV, agricultural equipment and industrial gas.
                  Our product range includes transmission, gears, sub-assemblies, precision
                  machine parts, chassis parts and industrial gears. These offerings are backed
                  by a deep core competency with span gear cutting, precision machining,
                  aluminium machining, process R&D and concurrent engineering, heat
                  treatment sub-assembly, laser welding and laser cutting, as well as export
                  logistics handling.
                  We proudly support 22 active customers with over 900 SKUs demonstrating
                  our capability and versatility. In financial year 24-25, we recorded a revenue
                  of INR 4.27 billion, reflecting a strong business performance and customer
                  trust.
                  Financially, we continue to maintain a strong and positive outlook.
                  Supported by an A minus credit rating. Quality and compliance remain at the
                  heart of our operations. We operate under all essential global quality, safety
                  and information security standards, including our tisax rating of 2.8 and
                  permanent label certification reflecting our strong commitment to excellence
                  and operational integrity.
                  As we move forward, we remain dedicated to innovation, precision and
                  customer satisfaction. Our legacy of more than 4 decades continues to inspire
                  us to reach new heights.
                  I would now request Mr. Jitender Jain, Chief Financial Officer of the company,
                  to take us through the financial performance for quarter two of the financial
                  year 25-26.
                  Over to you Sir.
Mr.    Jitender    Thanks Neha. Good afternoon, everyone. So, I'll present the financial
Jain              performance for Q2 and H1 for the financial year 2025-26. So, quarter 2 of
                  financial year 25-26, we clocked a turnover of 122.84 crores. Out of which,
                  close to 89 crores was exports and close to 22.5 crores was domestic turnover.
                  The other operating income was 5.83 crores and other non-operating income
                  was 5.56 crores. So in totality, 122.84 crores of turnover. This is a slide on the
                  business segment. So, for this particular quarter, our export contribution was
                  close     to    72%      and      the    domestic     turnover      was      28%.
                  Yeah, so This is why standalone Q2 performance.
                  So Q2 of financial year 25-26, we clogged a turnover of 122.84 crores as
                  compared to 105.71 crores same quarter last year which is representing a
                  growth of 16.2%.
                  Our result in absolute terms have grown from 22.27 crores in same quarter
                  last year to 29.79 crores. In Q2 of financial year 2526, representing a growth
                  of more than 33% in percentage terms from 21.06% to 24.25%. Accordingly,
the PBT has grown from 6.75 crores to 16.13 crores, representing an
outstanding growth of close to 139%. On percentage terms, it has increased
from 6.38% to 13.13%. This slide is comparison of quarter one versus quarter
2 of current financial year.
So current financial year our turnover we have achieved a turnover of 122.84
crores in Q2 as compared to 1 close 208 crores in Q1 representing a growth of
13.78%. On EBIDTA, we have 29.79 crores in Q2 of current financial year as
compared to 26.8 crores of Q1 same financial year, representing a growth of
11.15%.
In percentage terms, it is almost flattish 24.83% to 24.25%. Our PBT has grown
from 11.25% to 16.13 crores in Q2 as compared to Q1 of this year, representing
a growth of close to 43%. In percentage terms, the PBT has gone from 10.42%
to 13.13%. This is standalone half yearly performance YOI comparison.
So, in current financial year in H1, we clocked a turnover of close to 2:30 crores
as compared to 211.51 crores in H1 of last year, representing A turnover
growth of 9.11%. EBITDA, we have earned EBITDA of 56.6 crores in H1 of this
financial year as compared to 44.6 crores as compared to H1 of last year,
representing a growth of 26.66%. In percentage terms, if it has grown from
21.09% to 24.52%. However, in PBT has grown from 15.18 crores to 27.38
crores in each one of this financial year, representing a growth of almost 280%
in percentage terms. It has grown from 7.18% to 11.86%.
This is the consolidated half yearly performance YOI comparison to
consolidated basis, we have clogged a turnover of 234.56 crores in H1 of this
year as compared to 219.71 crores of last year, representing a growth of
6.75%, has grown to 56.82 crores from 44.23 crores same period last year,
representing a growth of 28.46 crores.
In percentage terms, it has grown from 20.13% to 24.22%.
EBITDA has grown from 14.68 crores to 27.45 crores in same period last year
representing a growth of close to 87%. In percentage terms, it has grown from
6.68% to 11.70%. So this is the snapshot of basically various financial ratios on
a     standalone     basis.    This      is  for    everyone     to     look    at.
I just want to highlight 2,3 points here. Our cash from generation has grown
from 19.81 crores to 29.87 crores in H1 of this year as compared to H1 of last
year, representing a growth of close to 50%. As you all are aware that in Q1 of
this financial year. Here we had these preferential allotments and that entire
money was used to reduce the both long term and short-term debt. So
accordingly, our overall total debt has come down from 305 crores to 218
crores from last from 31st March till now.
So, which is a decrease of almost 28% and accordingly most of our financial
ratios have changed significantly, on debt by equity is close 0.67.
Fixed     asset     turnover      ratio,    which    we     always      discussed.
So it has improved now from 1.33 to 1.45 on 1/2 yearly basis but ratios in
yearly basis and DSCR has improved to 1.68 times and the right-hand down
                 corner shows the profitability ratios in return on equity.
                 So this is the profitability comparison which we always share on a standalone
                 basis. So, this is the breakup of difference in EBITDA and PBT from Q2 of 2425
                 and from each one of 24-25.
                 So, as I've shared that our EBITDA has from Q2 of last year, EBITDA has grown
                 by a by 3.19% and from each one of last year it has grown by 3.43%.
                 But this is the breakup of basically how this from which all heads it has this
                 growth has come in and we have been able to consistently maintain our
                 EBITDA margin above 24% from now, from Q1 and Q2 of this year. So, this was
                 the basically financial performance both quarter on quarter and half year to
                 half year.
                 Now we'll come to the business updates, so we are proud to share that we have
                 done a technical collaboration with the German entity called AARK
                 Engineering GMBH. They are basically expert in product designing,
                 prototyping, virtual simulation, testing, validation. So till now, RACL was doing
                 a prototyping and all but we were not doing the product designing and all. Now
                 with      this      technical   collaboration     with      AARK     Engineering,
                 now we will have a capability to do the product designing right from the
                 inception of the product.
Mr. Gursharan I'll just add what JJ explained, in our real business language we say, until now
Singh         we were doing built to trend. Technically customer gives our drawing. We do
              the entire activity right from prototyping to sample development to precise
              and of course most product. Now with this new technical collaboration
              arrangement with the German company AARK Engineering GmbH, so in our
              business language we call it concept to print. Now a customer will not give us
              the drawing, he will say again look this is a vehicle. This is the power. This is
              the output required.
              This is the how many speeds are required and this is the load characteristics.
              So, we are to design the component, we have to create the concept, have to
              select the raw material, we have to select the equipment process and also
              exercise and then eventually where to create the design and, in this case, then
              we are responsible for the overall product, fit for function. Now we're
              responsible for fit for function. Now we're responsible for even the design, and
              we're responsible for the entire material selection. So, this really puts us into
              league of many advanced companies who are really able to offer this service to
              end customer. Reason why I'm this fast because you know, Europe is gradually
              now shifting its focus on the vital design to the component design level. They
              are really expecting the supplier should get the upgraded in this. So, this is a
              kind of initiative which we're starting and right now we are talking to some
              customers to take it forward and eventually in coming time, some positive
              results will come out of this.
Mr. Jitender Thank You Sir. So just to add now, this is basically a step shown in our journey
Jain          to move up the value chain from being just being a component supplier to end
                  to end engineering and industrialization solution provider. Next so this is the
                  new business nomination. I'm really proud to share that your company has
                  received second nomination for transmission parts of our gearbox assembly
                  from that large one of the largest premium 2-wheeler manufacturer in the
                  country. Now this is the same large premium 2- wheeler manufacturer from
                  whom we had got our first order in the last quarter. So, I'm happy to share that
                  we have got a second nomination now from the same OEM for the transmission
                  part of a gearbox assembly, this project again falls under the high-volume
                  business segment for the new engine category which is currently not available
                  in the market.
                  So, and I'm happy to share that this project we will be executing at Gajraula
                  plant and the SOP is expected to start from July 2027.
Mr. Gursharan I’ll just add to what JJ said Of course, we've got the new business nomination
Singh         for the second project. First project has been very successfully developed and
              the samples submitted to the customer. Right now, the situation is that some
              of the testing at the customer end and very shortly. We'll be turning the mass
              production and this will be additional business revenue in coming tank.
Mr. Jitender So, this is regarding external credit rating, so I'm happy to share that again this
Jain          year our external credit rating has been reaffirmed by care as a minus for long
              term banking facilities and A2 plus for short term banking facilities. But I'm
              happy to share that they have revised the outlook from being stable to positive.
              So that's an upgrade on the outlook side. One more thing which I want to
              highlight here is that this time we have got the overall facilities rated of 273.38
              crores as compared to 336.93 crores which were rated last year.
              So, which represent a total decrease of close to 63.5 crores and this facility also
              includes the fresh terminals which are supposed to be disbursed this year
              which are not disbursed till now. So overall reduction of 63.55 crores. Thanks.
              As you all are aware, so we have we have a strong focus on environment, social
              and governance as well in addition to the manufacturing capabilities and all
              which we have. So, I'm happy to share every year from last year onwards, we
              have started getting our company rated from an ESG platform ESG perspective
              from a very prominent player done in Dun & Bradstreet. So we had got this
              exercise done last year where they had rated our entire company on ESG
              platform both on and all on environment, social and governance. I'm happy to
              share that they have done the ESG rating this time as well and we overall our
              company has been rated as medium in their overall category and we have also
              been rated medium in all the three categories which is environmental, social
              and governance.
              So, this is back-to-back two years being rated as medium by done in D&B.
              So these are some of the events which we want to share with all of you.

                  So as a ritual, every year we conduct our shareholders plant visit. So, this year
                  again we this was a third annual plant visit for shareholders which we
                  conducted on October 15, 2025 where our shareholders get an opportunity to
                  visit our Gajraula plant, they spend the entire day at our factory premises. They
                  take our entire round of us of all the plans, our manufacturing capability, our
                  capabilities and all and get a sense of what exactly we are doing at the ground
                  level.
                  This initiative we have been doing for last three years and it has got a fantastic
                  response from our shareholder this time.
                  Again, I'm happy to share the shareholders from across India. They have come
                  right from Chennai to West and from north. So, from everywhere the investor
                  shareholders have come in and it was a great learning experience and they also
                  got an opportunity to have an interaction with the management and discuss
                  everything and get the on-ground experience of what we exactly do.
                  Second thing, this time RACL has participated in defence manufacturing
                  execution, not this exhibition manufacturing conclave has happened at
                  Jabalpur between 7th to 9th of November. So, we participated in. In this
                  exhibition, this time, the response to our participation was fantastic.
                  We got lot of interest and we got an got an opportunity of engagement with
                  from various industry stakeholders and other stakeholders.
                  One of our directors, Brig. Bedi was present there in person along with the
                  marketing team and this this platform was an excellent platform for us to
                  showcase our capabilities and all to the world and also, we got an opportunity
                  for networking and networking and other opportunities on the defence sector.
Mr. Gursharan So yeah, just to add, this is a kind of initiative which we get entry in a
Singh         sustainable level in the near future because India is fast becoming a hub for
              defence manufacturing. So, this is a kind of initial first step where we are trying
              to take into this, let's really see how it takes.
Mr. Jitender This was the presentation from our side. Thanks a lot everyone and over to
Jain          you, Neha
Ms.     Neha OK, Sir. So, Mr. Dheeraj you may ask your questions.
Bahal
Mr.   Dheeraj Hi Sir, So I just listed down my questions on the chat. If you can, if you can
Reddy         probably like answer those, that would be very helpful in the interest of time.
Mr. Gursharan Yeah, we got your question from the e-mail also, normally it is not part of the
Singh         strategy to disclose the strategy of ourselves and other strategies of the
              customers. You know customers also, if they give business, they are in very
              strong relations after complete.
              Before nominating a supplier and you know, gear is not a commodity that any
              domain can really develop this product but if they have nominated us, they
              have their own strategies and they have their own thought processes some of
              the strategy and thought processes are known to us, but then some of even
              confidential to ourselves. But even whatever are known to us, we are bound by
              bit of confidentiality and we are not able to you go in public platform, but this
              I can really tell you that. Here, as a community is always very long-term
                  relationship because changing a supply of adding a new supplier, first of all, it
                  takes almost six months to one year of initial.
                  We never had a relationship with this customer prior to 2025 and I do not
                  remember how many visits, my colleague Prabh and others have taken from
                  our company and how many visits have been taken from the customer, if not
                  last, at least 20 people from that company have visited us. So, it's a very-very
                  long strategy. So really, we are not in a position to give the strategy, but this we
                  can really show. Yes, our very long-term strategic business relationship, it's not
                  really customer supplier relationship. It is strategic business, so I hope I’ve
                  been able to clarify.
Mr.   Dheeraj No, no, I understand Sir, but just wanted one more add on point on top of this
Reddy         which is are we a sole supplier to this component or is it like we are one of
              the two suppliers?
Mr. Gursharan No, we are actually not supposed to divert this on a public platform but yes,
Singh         whatever parts are there, they will be always strategic correlations. They take
              it from us so they do not take it from others. Now it’s a long-term relationship
              because we are also investing money. You know our company’s strategy is very
              clear. Whenever we invest even a single until we are not sure what the business
              so you can really take it from here. If we are investing money and investing
              pretty good money on this business, we will not invest until we have 200%
              sure for this, but beyond this.
Mr.   Dheeraj Understood, Sir. Very clear, Sir. Got it, got it. Sir, last in the last con call Prabh
Reddy         sir mentioned about parking lot mechanism, the contract which we got with
              BMW and also Prabh sir mentioned that we can also offer this to other OEM
              players if I’m not wrong. Right. I mean at a later stage. So what does it exactly
              mean? Because from a design standpoint, if BMW is giving us parking lot
              mechanism product, can we also because now we have capability for this
              product, can we sell this to, I mean can we also help other car companies with
              this product or how? How does it exactly work?
Mr. Gursharan No, I think there is some misunderstanding in this topic.
Singh
Mr.     Prabh Maybe I can explain this way. The point was that parking lot mechanism as a
Mehar Singh   product, every architecture will have it electric on platform. So it is not that
              whatever we are making tomorrow we can pack for other customer and they
              can put in their car that that's not how automotive works, but in terms of the
              skill set in terms of validation, in terms of having a strong testimonial for
              similar projects to flow to us which might have similar application helps to
              gauge that kind of business RFQS from other customers which might have
              requirements for similar things so that how it becomes and we become one of
              then the preferred choices because we then have a testimonial and the
              capability to deliver.
Mr. Gursharan You know parking lock is a system. It is not a part that we are developing or
Singh         the customer BMW has given the part and we can sell this any other customer.
                  No, it is their proprietary item and we are working as a supplier. But parking
                  lock is a very safety critical part for the vehicle as many electric cars, fuel cars
                  have this. Idea is to, like we are a gear manufacturer, so the moment any new
                  customer comes know that we are gear makers so they'll come to us and we
                  are a preferred supplier as gear makers. Now we are parking lock
                  manufacturers also and you can imagine that we got the business of parking
                  lot mechanism and BMW, the one of our first customer. So, any new customer
                  will always get attracted, oh! this is a company who has an expertise in making
                  parking lot systems and their first customer is BMW. So, all the big customers
                  will get attracted. This is actually the meaning, but obviously it's very clear, this
                  product is a proprietary product for this particular model, because you know
                  every car has their own design, nothing can be cut and copy like this.
                  Maybe like I think there are many others also that you have any other
                  questions. Maybe you can write for e-mail or other. Let other Members also get
                  a chance to ask their questions. Thank you.
Mr. Tej Patel     Perfect. Thank you so much for the opportunity, Sir. So my first question is in
                  terms of why am I grow 15%? How much was it due to the? Yeah, now, is it OK,
                  Sir?
Mr.   Jitender Mr. Tej, can you be a little louder? Be a little louder.
Jain           Your voice has lot of echo. Please proceed.
Mr. Tej Patel  Yeah. So I'm asking how much of this 15% growth, I mean, how much of it is
               attributable to the your appreciation against when it when I completed it wide
               and wide?
Mr.   Jitender So basically, if you look at I mean on the non-operating income side. So
Jain           basically, we apply the accounting standard. So as per accounting standards
               and all yes, we have been benefited from the euro appreciation but then at the
               same time we borrow in foreign currency as well. Both on the long-term side
               as well as the short-term side. So then there has been some hit on that side as
               well. But so overall, if you look at the picture is then about the overall euro in
               H1 it's about between 8 to 10 crores of impact.
Mr. Tej Patel  Got it, got it and Sir in this quarter and probably the next last quarter, you know
               there are a couple of projects were you know supposed to start for example the
               park lock mechanism, the TVS project and you know ZF project also the
               steering gear one. So if you could help us give an update, you know are the
               things on time, you know according to timelines or you know I have a few
               projects, I mean let's say delayed or you know the timelines have changed. I
               think there are a total of four projects which are supposed to start maybe by
               the end of this quarter or you know Q2. So, so if you could just give an update
               on that.
Mr.      Prabh I will just clarify, first of all, all the projects are very well on time and that is
Mehar Singh    really reflecting that on the second quarter, we have been able to achieve
               growth. So that really reflects that progress on time, but probably, we'll just
               correct you some of the projects like parking lock might be BMW and all, they
                 are     not    starting      this   year.    They're       starting   next     year.
                 Right now, they're sample serious phases are going on. So that is also adding
                 to the value because the pre-series phases are also off quite good numbers. It
                 runs in 2026. It's not that only 50 or 100 cars have cars. So then, eventually
                 that also leads but guess all the projects are exactly on time, so there is nothing
                 is now.
Mr. Tej Patel    Yes Sir. Sorry Sir, it was it was my mistake. I get it. It was 2026, but I think the
                 TVS project was supposed to start by the end of this calendar year, right?
Mr. Gursharan Yes, you might have already witnessed. TVS has launched this bike at
Singh         exhibition in Italy, and you know this is the first time that two top models were
              launched had a global launch in Italy, where TV has had launched a new vehicle
              called RTX 310, and then they had launched in Norton brand as a global brand
              and I'm proud to say that all both the models and products are from your
              company.
Mr. Tej Patel Great. Great.
Mr. Gursharan And now what production of that RDX 310 is already starting, as already has
Singh         started in November. They're produced a couple of hundreds more cycles and
              you know, November, December always. These customers will not put the
              product too much in the market because of the model year changing, but
              generally the model here 36 will start over on 2026. We have pretty hopeful
              that volume will start picking up but already started for this previous project
              and Norton project you all are aware; our honourable Prime Minister had
              launched this motorcycle while our British Prime Minister Mr. India and
              invaded yesterday. Although they were the item that Norton is now planning
              that even one 1.2 liter motorbike to be launched in India and May 2026 and I'm
              again proud to share that all those parts bikes are with parts supplied from
              your company.
Mr. Tej Patel Got it. Perfect. Thank you, Sir and Sir, this second nomination which we have
              received from one of the recent Indian customers, is it for some different part?
Mr.      Prabh   It is confidential right now, but it is going to be in the premium segment.
Mehar Singh
Mr. Tej Patel    Okay Got it, got it.
Mr. Gursharan    You know what the man is always into the premium segment because they
Singh            have a customer is very particular about the quality, very- very particular
                 about the sustainability in all that stuff.
Mr. Tej Patel    OK and Sir, last question, can I just ask the last question if possible, Sir, please.
                 Yeah. So, if you could just help us understand at a broader level, I think you
                 know what's happening in Europe right now, you know your interaction with
                 let's say BMW, ZF, you know, which are probably let's say I think ZF was not
                 doing up to what we expected, but I think the numbers have started to improve
                 a bit. So, so any improvement there in in Europe and you know particularly
                 let's say ZF and I think KTM also started production but I think we had a little
                 very less quantity. So any update on Europe as all and you know in on few
                 particular clients.
Mr. Gursharan Yeah. We're too small to predict on the global economy, but our experience and
Singh         our thought processes that globally Europe achieved a plateau in 2024 and
              2025. So, whatever now is going to happen, it is going to happen in the plus
              direction only because of political scenario. Europeans are spending in a big
              way into infrastructure projects, particularly in the defence projects and
              particularly energy sector. So, in defence, there's a big demand going to
              happen. So, this really gives lot of boost to the what we call logistics end like
              trucks what you don't then eventually people so eventually these things are
              really looking up and you also know it that you don't have appreciated against
              dollar in past six months by almost 6- 7%.
              So that really shows that European economies resilience coming into shape
              and, you know, Europe is also all put together, they have pretty big size of
              overall economy. So, they are really face lot of complications, but I personally
              feel in automotive segment or I'll say in the commercial trucks on this business,
              things are going to look up and show a positive out.
Mr. Tej Patel Thank you so much.
Ms.       Neha Mr. Yogansh you may ask your question, please.
Bahal
Mr. Yogansh      Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Am I audible?
Jeswani
Mr.     Prabh    Yes, yes. Go on.
Mehar Singh
Mr. Yogansh   Yes. So firstly, congratulations to the entire team on winning another order
Jeswani       from this domestic 2- wheeler company and that too in such a short span of
              time. So that speaks volumes about our capability. So big congratulations to the
              team and hopefully this another order will take us forward on our volume
              growth and value growth that we are anticipating. So, Sir, coming to my
              questions, so Sir, can you talk about what would be the Capex spend for this
              year and similarly given these new projects wins that we announced in the last
              quarter and then again, this quarter, what would be our Capex spend for FY26
              or FY27 broadly if you have any figures in mind?
Mr. Gursharan I think for FY 26, we have already announced in our capex. Look at all the total
Singh         spend will be about 50 crores and now it's almost towards the end of the year
              and we are going to maintain this and maybe a crossover, less of it not higher
              than this, but definitely. This is taking care of our current year production and
              gradually     it    will    take     over    the     next    year's   production.
              But definitely for FY2027, we are still compiling all the numbers and all and
              definitely next quarter or maybe next call you'll be having some insight on this
              but yes, you know, as we always say that Capex is because we are making
              capital intensive. So, we have to keep on investing and in parallel we have to
              upgrade our old obsolete technologies also. So, like we had a massive
              organization in our machining centre forging set up now I'm coming here we
              have to invest lot of money on upgrading on our heat treatment set up because
            now our heat treatment is also coming towards end of life in fact.
            It was already come towards end of life, so we are planning all these strategies
            and this is how we really keep ourselves upgraded on the available
            technologies.
            Now of course, preparing for the future mass production. So very few more
            ones maybe hopefully by next quarter when we do our investors call. So, well,
            you know, Capex has been first approved by our Board of Directors only it can
            be made public, but yes, our finance team and project team are really working
            on it.
            Now we will witness in numbers as well most of these new projects, whichever
            we are not that high capital intensive because they are also generating good
            project turnover. So that fixed asset turnover issue to the sales will also
            improve because in domestic business, gestation periods are smaller and many
            of these projects. So that last Capex cycle, what we had what is where some
            sluggishness came from for the BMW Capex. What we had a year, year and a
            half back are working fine. Now when the BMW production starts, it will
            generate good turnover, so we are also going to generate good operating cash
            flow in the coming year. Even now you see our operating cash was higher by
            50%. So that addition to debt will not be that much as it was in prior because
            cash flows accrual will also take care of the requirements of capital
            expenditure, which should not get too much borrowed. So, these are good sign
            capex means companies growing. That is something which sometimes
            becomes a question but since internal accruals are also increasing because of
            higher operating cash, so I think it will be a good scenario a couple of years.
Mr. Yogansh Fair enough. Got it. So, I think my second question was on debt only. So partly
Jeswani     you've answered that operating cash flow are going to help. So broadly Sir, do
            you see the debt level at least for next one year will stabilize at this level or we
            might need some debt for working after that is fine?
Mr.    Jitender Net, net, net will always reduce that is very straight, yeah, but one thing
Jain            Yogansh, I want to highlight, so I mean you can also see, I mean the overall debt
                which we have got rated from. So anyways, my overall debt cannot surpass that
                amount, but to I will I will put it up in a different manner our endeavour is that
                from now on, our debt by equity should not cross 1. That's what we will try to
                and that should not generate revenue for the bank. It should generate revenue
                for us. But evidently my to answer you, you know that we always maintain this
                and in future also we maintain we as a company have a very, very clear strategy
                that we will not spend any Capex in anticipation of the business because many
                industries you know, I know as investors, you guys always have a down low
                compressing that. You know, I company is very far fall into a trap that they
                invest. They create the plant and then they start hunting for the business and
                then eventually if you don't get the business, then you have clock is ticking and
                you end up in a problem. Moment is customer knows that this supplier has a
                free capacity. They will squeeze you to your last drop. Our is a different case.
                  Our marketing guys are telling very clearly. Look, we don't have the capacity.
                  This                        is                     our                       price.
                  We have integrated setup. We'll give you a sample by that time you test your
                  sample, we'll create the plot. So that is a safeguard with us, even if we raise the
                  dead, it will start generating money. So that is a very, very safe course. Even if
                  we raise the debt but as said that our target is that not to take the numbers of
                  the ratios to the level we found a dangerous level even at the threshold level.
                  Also, we should always try to keep track of whatever prior to that ratio, the
                  priority ratio limit positive.
Mr. Yogansh       Point well taken. Yeah. Thank you.
Jeswani
Mr.     Prabh     Mr. Sanjeev, you may ask your question.
Mehar Singh
Mr.   Sanjeev Yeah, Hi. Thanks for giving the opportunity, Sir. I have a few questions and
Marwah        pardon the naive nature of the questions. They're very basic. So my first
              question is, Sir. Sir, I'm assuming that you know for most of our machine parts
              we would be using some sort of CNC machines and while I was reading you
              know some literature on CNC machines, they are becoming very advanced and
              automated to the extent that you know you just feed the coordinates how you
              want the precision gear or any machine part how you want the coordinates
              and the shape of that that part B it delivers. All you have to do is feed in the
              instructions and precisely machines and whatever processes. So, my question
              was Sir given these sort of CNC machines exists in the market, if you could just
              throw some colour on how RACL differentiates itself when it comes to
              precision, you know, gears or precision equipment manufacturing versus
              someone else who can tomorrow buy these? These advanced Japanese or
              European automated CNC machines and also deliver you know probably
              similar products. So, if you could just throw some colour how adoption of these
              automated CNC machines?
Mr. Gursharan Glad that no more financial calls and I really feel happy in answering all these
Singh         technical questions but I'll tell you to because CNC machine is a very- very basic
              nomenclature for CNC has a very, very long technology and a range of very,
              very technical CNC machines are available as low as 10-12,00,000 Rupees also,
              and in Faridabad sector people have put these machines even into the shops
              and even their backyard of their houses.
Mr.   Sanjeev Right. Correct, Sir.
Marwah
Mr. Gursharan But you know, first of all this technology what I do call it CNC industry kind of
Singh         technology, but there is a 2 axis- 3 axis and we have our machines.
              I'll do 11 and gain access machines.
              Also, not even 6. We have some meetings with 11- 13 access. Now that is again,
              you said very likely anybody can buy that, OK and then starts producing it, but
              you know.
Mr.   Sanjeev Right, right, correct.
Marwah
Mr. Gursharan Technology alone cannot really produce a product with respective gear
Singh         anything it needs lots and lots of expertise. It needs lots and lots of knowledge
              about     the    cutting,    knowledge        about     the     raw      materials.
              No, I want more than anything else and the real experience there.
              What happened in the past, you know, today is what time is really so short
              people do not have no time for experimentation. People expect that part should
              be first time, right? It's not that. OK, you have somebody to sample then? Then
              they       fail   and       nobody       will   give    you      new       samples.
              No, they don't have the time. So eventually you need a lot of patience. What is
              available on a computer? Anybody can buy it but whatever is available, you will
              bring that OK. AI is there now. Start replicating the human brain also, but still
              it has long way to go so you know it's a combination of many things. So we have
              certain uses which actually do not everybody and anybody can't have it like the
              CNC's technology. Like we have certain technologies. Now you feed the
              drawing and machine tool will design the tool part will suggest you.
              These are the various strategy of the cutting. You are to really choose now
              which brand do you to choose which tool to use. Here lies experience of the
              person. It's because of the team, so it is a combination of many, many such
              factors. But yes, in fact I will suggest you. What's your name?
Mr.   Sanjeev Sanjeev Marwah.
Marwah
Mr. Gursharan My suggestion will be whenever there is a next investor's physical visit to a
Singh         factory, please join. That visit or will be able to showcase you that what all us
              feels we have which the others can't replicate, but I have also replicated from
              somewhere, but it is difficult and challenging to do it, but yes. It is the open
              word, the Today. I cannot say that nobody can produce what we are producing.
              Yes, there are people who are producing now. There will be people who
              produce in future also. So please visit us. You will really get the real first- hand
              experience.
Mr.  Sanjeev Sure, sure Sir. Thank you for that invitation. So coming to my second question
Marwah       again, Sir, given and last presentation from Mehar was really impressive where
             you know we showcased and even showed some videos in terms of how RACL
             is working on, you know, many futuristic technologies, but my only question
             was Sir, all these futuristic technologies are right now focused on automotive,
             automotive space.
             Do we have an ambition to you know diversify the end use application of our
             precision gears, for example, humanoids is the next big thing which is
             happening, you know, globally and they have extensive, you know, usage of
             precision gears in humanoid robots? So my only point was do we have an
             ambition or a desire to expand our end application from automotive sector to
             other futuristic technologies which of course uses the precision gears and the
             and what we what we manufacture becomes the least common denominator
             but the end application could be could be varied.
Mr. Gursharan In fact, I will answer your question in a very one line. While our CFO was
Singh         making a presentation, he already showcased you one page where we
              announced our technical collaboration with German company AARK.
              You know, there is initiatives are in this direction only because we have our
              own expertise gives us the design and reproduces now we collaborated
              partner. We have partner now with a human company. Who is designing the
              product and they have their own expertise in getting new customers and it's
                 not only the bigger design houses are not doing only automatic, they are doing
                 in anything. So definitely what you're saying is I really appreciate the thought
                 process of vision which you have asked us this is really very appreciated
                 question from your side, but we have also taken these steps almost six months
                 back and in coming time, you'll really see that some fruits are ripped out of it,
                 and you also saw that the only last month we participated in a defence
                 exhibition. So, in a defence, it will not take years of producing only bullets or
                 guns or tanks. So, in defence, what comes we're going to know. So, it may be
                 even some high-tech drones or even high car tech, only time will tell but yes,
                 these are the initiatives which we are taking to take into this. We have
                 something since you talked about ambition, so of course ambition is why to
                 just gears, why can't we make the entire humanoid right? So that's we
                 shouldn't be always work with it is not one year to where it is 10 years. So that
                 way is the mission is aligned. Only thing is we have to choose.
                 We cannot be everywhere So right now we are focused that automotive
                 business needs to grow to a certain level that is where entire energy and focus
                 is for next three years.
                 However, that is for the operational team we have as management already got
                 committed businesses and runway to reach to 11 in next three years, which we
                 are doing but any growth beyond that will be of course in magnifiers of other
                 than automotive can be aerospace can be such robotic industries and also in
                 automotive what is to be noted is the last three to five years from being a
                 normal competent supplier, we have moved up to a system.
                 Now we are also design validations. So, ambition and plan wise there are lot
                 which can be done, we have to choose, we don't have to be too impatient to
                 grow very fast at the same time. We should not be having that when on the line
                 to side, we also have a very, very conscious that our debt doesn't go across.
                 Then here is growing.
                 Your point is very valid, one has to always think for the future, and yes, our
                 company is really thinking on many, many such avenues, but definitely you
                 know, since this the investors call on, you know, you all, all of you people are
                 grouse. India are spending time on this call, we always give this information to
                 you once things are maturing.
                 So obviously we are also working, our team are working on many, many
                 avenues, many- many new products. Moment something takes shape with the
                 new and thanks for giving your suggestion. We'll definitely add in our thought
                 processes to think on these lines also.
Mr.  Sanjeev Of course. Thank you so much. That's all from my site. Thank you so much, Sir.
Marwah       Bye.
Mr. Jitender Thank you. Mr. Chirag, you may please ask your question.
Jain
Mr.   Chirag Hello. Am I audible?
Shah
Mr. Jitender Yes Chirag.
Jain
Mr.    Chirag Yeah, yeah. Thanks for the opportunity, Sir. I have three questions. Question
Shah          one is on the KTM side. So, if you can indicate what kind of ramp up we have
              seen at the like customer end because we were reasonably positive that a large
              part of Inventory correction would happen soon and even production would
              start and we would reach with the peak levels sooner than later. So, if you can
              just indicate where are we in that phase?
Mr. Gursharan I'll answer you. I'm very glad to share the yes, KTM has started his production
Singh         and precisely it started on 22nd of July and that really you can also understand
              that if complete remains stopped for six 7-8 months. So definitely it will have
              many challenges so they are really ramping up. They have ambitious to ramp
              up, but they are having some supply challenges because they have to you know,
              that was a global company, they had a global customer base, global supplier
              base.
              So, they are trying to and that's what things are really looking up and so you
              can understand Bajaj is a hard task master. So, they will definitely put a lot of
              focus and pressure on operation not only to the past peak but crossing the next
              peaks in front only yesterday you might have seen that they have decided to
              launch due to in India.
              We're definitely now they are thinking to launch all those big brands to India
              also, but definitely times in the future time things will look up. But yes, right
              now it's still not at the pause performance level but given my thought process
              this year, when we close it, there will be having around 40-50% of their past
              years level, but coming year should be looking very good but this year they
              started only actual production started on 24 July, so but so far so good because
              the past two months, our pickup for the parts was pretty good.
              Now you know, since Christmas time is coming. So again, one month will
              always in Europe from mid-October Europe doesn't work. So now let's see
              moment 2026 comes how it performs.
Mr.    Chirag Sir, basically you are saying that if you look at YOY or even Q on Q, that is not
Shah          major revenue contribution. So, the growth that we have seen in revenue is not
              coming because of KTM. It is the KTM contribution is yet to really meaningfully
              come, correct?
Mr. Gursharan Told you now first quarter was 0. Second quarter, they started only on 24th of
Singh         July. So technically July was almost gone. So, it was only August and September
              and initially they had challenges. You know they are having supplies from
              China, from Japan, from Europe, from Germany, France. Of course, India. I think
              that question is it means other customers also growing for us will be at the top
              of the KTM.
Mr.     Chirag So, if you can, if you can just share, if you can just indicators, this revenue
Shah           growth is driven by which of the new programs there would be some volume
               growth in the that benefit you would have gone. So, if you can just because
                  there were a lot of programs which are starting for the different point of time.
                  If you can just help us understand which program they've actually started
                  contributing to the revenue.
Mr. Gursharan So, there is absolutely no new project which has contributed to being revenue
Singh         growth. BMW cars prototyping is happening somewhere. The pickup is good
              there. Second many for existing projects which were earlier, you know in last
              year         our          plan          was         to        grow          25-30%.
              If KTM bankruptcy had not happened even then, we should have gone 15%. So
              whatever that is in the last year pickups were there, many for existing projects
              from customers have shown good recovery signs, maybe because of GST does
              not have a that much impact on us since exports in there. But in Europe as well
              and many of our domestic customers also had a good pick up. So that is where
              that improvement has come in and value why what you also see to be very
              honest          last         year          was         not        that         good.
              So percentage wise a bit higher also because it has a base effect, but in general
              many of the projects which should have delivered last year were delivering
              now. So that is how even the edge two. That is why we are very confident. H2
              should be better than H1 and in this we have not considered any of the new
              projects to add revenue if they do or if then it should be better than what we
              are expecting. So, it is a lot on as I said in opening remark. While the things are
              not looking up, you know. I think it is. It becomes very difficult to pinpoint
              exactly where growth is happening, where growth is not happening, where
              decline is happening, where to really see the overall scenario because you
              know there is always a time gap between what we produce today and what is
              actually in the field, but there.
              A gap of almost four months, so eventually 1 cannot really predict so closely
              what is happening today. One going to happen tomorrow but as an overall
              generic feedback, you just things are really looking up and that's the reason
              that our Q2 was pretty good in performance, not only in performance even in
              terms of profitability and because you are at break even, your problem is
              different when you are 10 plus break even.
              Profitability is totally different moment. You are the 20 plus break even than
              Operating level broadly is different. So, this is all we are also really focusing all
              weekend very liberate our profitability. Why always creating some delta
              positive delta between break even and our actual promise but overall scenario
              really you know everything will never go up and they will go down also but this
              is our again. Somebody asked that if anybody can install this technology then.
              They can also do it, but nobody can have this strategy. We always have a
              strategy that you are there and everywhere you are there in a 2-Wheeler,
              you're in a three-Wheeler, you're in tractor, you're in a truck, you're in an off-
              road vehicle, you're in AC scooter, you're in a snow scooter. Someday will
              crash, someday will grow but overall RACL will keep growing because the
              worst of the year last year. I will say one of the very, very bleak year. But we
               still had emotional growth of one percent, and that growth would have not
               really happened 1%. It would have at least 15% if KTM would have not gone
               bankrupt and that was actually one of the lifetime kind of thing. But these kinds
               of events don't happen every day otherwise we would have grown at least 15-
               6 and 17% even in the one of the worst years. So, this is how our business
               model is that we are in so many segments. Everything will never go smooth,
               something will remain resilient. Something will decline even with the same
               customer, because it's not that if we are working with BMW. So, we are working
               only with one model. We are working with a 300 ton or 390CC model. Also, we
               are               working                for             800CC                also.
               1.2 liter also 1.8 liter also. So, something will grow something right now like
               their 1.3 liter bike is selling like hotcakes. They have because I was there in
               Germany but once back I got to know that now they are committing the lives
               of customer at six months 11, you know they launched a vehicle with an
               automatic auto shift mechanism. When they launch this product, they told that
               they will be putting around 20-30% vehicle with the auto shift. Remaining
               within manual shift now customers are wanting 100% auto ship. They are not
               able to deliver, they say OK up to 60, seventy 80% will go for auto shift is really
               checking again. Yeah, so this is how some models will go out. Some will go
               down. So they always keep on changing, but overall scenario is really looking
               very positive.
Mr.     Chirag So last question on this Forex gain in other income, if you can elaborate a bit
Shah           more, so HQ one was 7 crores, H1 is 10 crores. So is it that it doesn't qualify for
               cash flow hedges and that's why it comes out in other income or? Is there
               something else to it?
Mr.  Jitender No, no. I think the answer, but I personally feel the other is not only the Forex.
Jain          This is Chirag as per the accounting standards and all. So basically, you know
              the actual gains and all which are there, then the loss on long term borrowing
              and the loss on short term borrowing. So, this is this is basically as per the
              accounting standards and then don't you hedge where the income comes. So,
              so we so basically, we avail pre- shipment credit of borrowing in foreign
              currency and Indian rupee Indian. So, we are naturally hedged in a manner that
              we did packing credit in foreign currency and but because this euro is
              appreciated and also of course the disbursement.
Mr.     Prabh No, no, I think the answer is because when the invoicing happens immediately
Mehar Singh   T+1, it gets discounted by the Max. However, we don't remove them from our
              receivables until the banks receive the money, and that is where this hedging
              in any case is always taken care and once we do this again, because eventually
              that invoicing was in the receiving has a has a delta to the whatever prevailing
              rates are and that is recorded and then the liability also you are.
Mr.    Chirag So basically, we don't hedge. Basically, we don't hedge because it's a natural
Shah          hedge.
Mr.     Prabh We don't hedge that because most of our receivables are actually done against
Mehar Singh   pre- shipment credit. So, within one month, our money is taken care of. If we
              do anything, if our cost is not less than 200 a half percent per year, so that is
              unnecessary loss to us. We have found that we always end up the day we get
              gain. We never get a loss. This will reduce our profitability.
              I'll answer your question a very, very clear thing. Hedging people will take
              where their syllables are pretty long and then banks normally do not give this
              kind of credit to them, but our business is OEM business. If you're doing
              aftermarket business, you're working with traders. Bank will not give you
              credits. Bank will not give you pre-shipment credits.

               Regarding the supply and completion of BMW trucks, so banks really fight with
               each other. Then who gives the pre-shipment credit before, so we have an
               actual add. So technically our risk of gain is limited to 1.5 months only and
               there also will find that there is always a gain because Rupees really
               appreciating month on month and I don't know all the things will really take
               care whether it will ever works but when really we'll see but today, the forecast
               is that rupee not going to get appreciated.
Mr.     Chirag Okay, this is helpful. So, nothing is there in our revenue item, everything of and
Shah           almost 100% of the Forex gain is sitting in other income. That is the correct
               understanding.
Mr.    Jitender Yes, but other income is not only the Forex gain because.
Jain
Mr.    Chirag No, no, I understand. I understand, Sir.
Shah
Mr. Jitender That is the accounting standard. As accounting standard says very clearly that
Jain          whatever is the Forex gain, that is whatever is the Forex gain that has to be in
              the other income.
Mr.    Chirag Yeah, yes, Okay and how much that would be?
Shah
Mr. Gursharan This is very clearly that whatever the Forex, again that will go into the other
Singh         operating income. Now this whatever is the loss shown to the, there is a loss
              after that because so that we can do the same expenses, I guess that will bring
              into the expenses. So accounting standard has this. I'll say we're getting other
              side, we're losing also netting in the. But while the netting the EBITDA, you will
              get the real value.
Mr.     Chirag Yeah, yeah, that's why I said it would be helpful if you can give a separate
Shah           disclosure in PPT or somewhere because their margin seems to be
               underreported. As this has lost other expense, which are gain other income,
               other expense is a part of EBIDTA probably or it would be helpful if you can
               just call it out separately subsequently.
Mr.    Jitender Chirag, we'll consider as per accounting standard. We will check with our
Jain            statutory auditor to how we can.
Mr.      Chirag No, no Sir. In the in the presentation that you share no over there you can just
Shah            highlight it.
Mr. Gursharan Yes. That will that will evaluate and then we will come back.
Singh
Mr.     Prabh Next. I think lastly, Mr. Shashank Kanodia. Mr. Shashank, you can unmute
Mehar Singh   yourself.
Mr. Shashank      Hello, am I audible?
Kanodia
Mr.     Prabh     Yes
Mehar Singh
Mr. Shashank  Yeah, hi, good evening Sir. Sir, I just wanted to check hypothetically, is there a
Kanodia       possibility of Bajaj Auto shifting some part of KTM production in India? And if
              that's the case, how does it bode well for us given that fact that Bajaj Auto also
              manufacturers from the other marquee brands like Triumph and others?
Mr. Gursharan You know, I'll answer you. We'll send you a Christmas tree and wherever it is,
Singh         there will grow. If it is in India, we'll start supplying in India. So, doesn't matter
              much but I'll answer you on a serious note, Bajaj Auto first of all, it's not that
              Bajaj is not anything doing even in India even now this 390 Duke, which you
              already see on Indian is being produced in India only. But for the premium
              sidebar and off road, it's easier said than done because the IT will take lot of
              time and strategy for Bajaj to do that and Bajaj also has Taken all this company
              from European company, it has lot of European Union compliance in there to
              evaluate all these things. That thing is going to happen on a tomorrow basis in
              future strategies.

                  Yes, of course there will be new synergies being fine, but yes rather, we are
                  seeing a silver lining or a golden opportunity for us. There'll be a lot of
                  resourcing opportunities because you know, when KTM was solely a European
                  country, so they had of course a mix of Indian suppliers and European
                  suppliers and of course Chinese suppliers now.

                  KTM was an Indian company sitting in Austria, so now Indian companies Bajaj
                  strategy will be can look for resourcing as much as possible in India and as low
                  as possible in China and European, of course there do the cost benefit analysis
                  because some key products may still remain in Europe, some key technologies
                  or some key components and the volume and also still there will go but there
                  are a lot of news, analysis and opportunities being flown by must be being
                  explored by Bajaj and we'd rather see a bit of optimistic view and yes, we have
                  to keep our eyes also open that OK moment Indian taking takes then where to
                  really see that, then we are not the only supplier, there will be other suppliers
                  of, but yeah, yeah, also there to also see a very, very balanced view. But we
                  always see that we have a upper eyes because we enjoyed 15 years of
                  relationship with KTM and we had a flawless relationship.

             So even if Bajaj management takes any decision to resource the bars. First
             choice will be of course, your company, but of course we're to compete now on
             it against other course suppliers on so, but yes to answer your question,
             shifting back to production in India, OK, it will not happen tomorrow, but it
             may happen at some stage, but still not 100% because they will like to keep the
             Australian unit also fully operational.
Mr. Shashank Right, right and saying you know in your previous media interactions you have
Kanodia      kind of shared an outlook for a 15% growth in revenues for this fiscal year,
                  given that we have grown roughly 78% first half, do you see that kind of
                  guidance we maintained given that a second-half would be a dollar score 20%
                  plus?
Mr. Gursharan I'm already answered. You actually know better than us. Now you have to
Singh         prove it, he has to sleep in factory for that next one months, so definitely think
              that looking up, yeah. Well beyond this.
Mr. Shashank So double digit revenue growth in terms of 1415% kind of revenue growth is
Kanodia       possible this fiscal year, FY26 versus FY25.
Mr.     Prabh Do you have any doubts?
Mehar Singh
Mr. Shashank No Sir, I'm just checking, just confirming at your end too.
Kanodia
Mr. Gursharan Okay Thank you. You know, nobody can very, very precisely predict the future,
Singh         but my colleague has already predicted and said you that H2 will be better than
              H1 but you can very well imagine that if H1 is doing almost 230-232 so if you
              add 230 even my one. So now the other I will ask him. You have to really prove
              it for every growth is coming, but to answer you, yes, we are looking very, very
              optimistic.
Mr. Shashank It's a lastly given a five-way target of thousand course of revenues, right. So
Kanodia       that is large in FY 30 target or FY 29 target.
Mr. Gursharan But we can't predict five years the target again, maybe this is something which
Singh         is good for the excel sheets. There's a difference between target and a vision.
              Vision is something which is plotted bases the current scenarios and
              applications. Thousands of visions which we want to have within three to five
              years now, will that happen exactly in 2029? We're not there to predict, but the
              vision is very strong. Our next milestone is 1000 crores and to be achieved in
              next three to five years.
Mr. Shashank Better. Thank you so much and wish you all the best.
Kanodia
Mr.     Prabh Thank you. I think now you ask one or two questions from the audience if there
Mehar Singh   is any. We answer on chat, if anybody's having any questions, they can raise
              hand. No, you can close then.
Mr. Gursharan Finally, I should say goodbye to all of you and first of all, wish very, very happy
Singh         New Year to all of you because now we are today's 5th of December, so another
              26 days away, so have a good celebration time for the new year & Christmas
              time and greetings to all of you and where we. meet quarter 4 or maybe first
              quarter of calendar year 2026. So we'll be having more clearer to our road
              maps of growth and I'm really very, very glad to answer some of very positive
              questions. Some of the questions highly technical. Some of the questions
              related to the future and giving some guidance for the region of technically,
              diversification and thinking beyond what we are doing, with getting such kind
              of investors who give us the real insight of the business and very strong
              financial, you guys have wish you all the best. Thank you once again.

               Thanks JJ for supporting with this good numbers and thanks Neha probably
               you started this in the preface. Thank you. Keep it up.
Ms.       Neha Thank you, everyone. On behalf of the management, I would like to sincerely
Bahal          thank all the participants for joining and engaging with us today. Your
               participation is greatly appreciated. I would also like to extend a special thanks
                     to the management team for their thorough and patient responses to all the
                     questions raised during the session. Thank you everyone.


Notes:
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of
the proceedings
2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference.
3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means
without the prior written consent of RACL Geartech Limited.

                Digitally signed by Neha Bahal
                DN: cn=Neha Bahal, c=IN, st=Delhi,
Neha Bahal      o=Personal, title=8911,
                serialNumber=1070600d51cfb7a3e7f9
                237b77ab72982622bba45fb9e3376de
                0904c6246d099
                Date: 2025.12.11 14:54:41 +05'30'
