                                                                        Date: March 03, 2026
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited       The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (BSE)
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex               25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051                     Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001
Symbol: RACLGEAR                                   Scrip Code: 520073


Subject: Investor Conference Call Transcript


Dear Sir/Madam,


Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and other applicable Regulations, please find
enclosed herewith the Transcript of Analysts/Investor Earnings Conference Call which was held
on Friday, February 27, 2026 at 03:00 P.M. (IST) to discuss the Company’s Q3 FY 25-26 earnings.
The aforesaid information shall also be made available on the website of the Company at
www.raclgeartech.com.

You are requested to take note of the above and oblige.

Thanking You,

For RACL Geartech Limited
Neha        Digitally signed by Neha Bahal
            DN: cn=Neha Bahal, c=IN,
            st=Delhi, o=Personal, title=8911,

Bahal       serialNumber=1070600d51cfb7a3e
            7f9237b77ab72982622bba45fb9e3
            376de0904c6246d099
            Date: 2026.03.03 16:38:13 +05'30'



Neha Bahal
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
    RACL GEARTECH LIMITED
     Q3 FY 2025-26 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
                 FEBRUARY 27, 2026


                  MANAGEMENT:
MR. GURSHARAN SINGH – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR
   MR. PRABH MEHAR SINGH- CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
      MR. JITENDER JAIN- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Ms.         This is Chaniksha, Senior Executive- Secretarial Department of RACL
Chaniksha   Geartech Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to extend a warm
            welcome to all of you to this post-results conference call for the third
            quarter of the financial year 2025-26. I will be your moderator for today's
            session.

            Before we begin, I would like to make a few important announcements.
            Please note that this conference call may include forward-looking
            statements based on the company's current beliefs, opinions, and
            expectations. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance
            and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual
            results to differ.

            Additionally, all participant lines will be on mute during the presentation,
            and we will have a Q&A session at the end of the presentation, where you
            can ask any questions you may have. If you need any assistance during the
            call, you can submit your questions via the Q&A box or raise your hand, as
            per the available options on the screen, and we will assist you accordingly.

            Please be informed that this call is being recorded.

            We are pleased to be joined today by the management team of RACL
            Geartech Limited, represented by:
               • Mr. Gursharan Singh, Chairman & Managing Director
               • Mr. Prabh Mehar Singh, Chief Operating Officer
               • Mr. Jitender Jain, Chief Financial Officer

            With that, I now invite Mr. Gursharan Singh for his opening remarks. Over
            to you, Sir.
Mr.         Thank you, Chaniksha. First of all, good afternoon to all our investors,
Gursharan   fellow colleagues. It's really my pleasure we're joining you in this call, and
Singh
            we are really thrilled by the performance of quarter three for the FY2526,
            and I really look forward that this journey of excellence and consistent
            growth keeps on going on the same path. As you know, global markets are
            highly volatile, global markets are on one side, we say flexible, we are
            changing every day, every quarter, every month, but certainty always
            remains a question mark. But yes, India has always remained a very
            resilient economy and it has always shown its strength and it's really
            preservance in challenging the global scenarios even in other times. In
            terms of 1.4 billion population, so we are always a big market.
            So despite all the challenges, despite all the geopolitical situations, India is
            growing consistently and rigorously and definitely we as a proud
            manufacturer, proud citizen, proud person living in this country. We really
            are proud to be participating in growth of the company and growth of the
            country, and of course our endeavour, our efforts, our initiatives will
            always keep on increasing the performance of the company in a big way,
               more better way, despite all the challenges and toughnesses, and we have
               already shown that FY25-26 so far is doing very good and hoping that the
               remaining now we are only almost one month away from final closure of
               the year. So, things should generally be good. For our call today, so we'll be
               making the presentation and we'll be answering all your questions and
               answers. Wish you all the best, and good luck to you. Thank you. So, now
               over to JJ, maybe if you can present. Thank you.
Mr. Jitender Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the quarter three
Jain         Investor conference call of our company. I am Jitender Jain, the CFO of the
               company. I extend the heartfelt welcome to all the investors. We have
               We have a very good response this time. I think one of the highest number
               of people who have joined this time. So that really, that's really feel good.
               So I'll start with the presentation. So, this is the index of the topics which
               we will be discussing today. Just a brief snapshot of what all we'll be
               covering in our presentation this time. So, this is the brief snapshot of your
               company. We started in 1983 and we are a 40 years young company. We
               have the DUNS registration as well. In FY25, we clocked a turnover of close
               to $50 million. We have close to 887 permanent employees. We are
               headquartered in Noida. We have two manufacturing locations. One, the
               mother unit is in Gajraula, and we have second unit in sector 80 Noida. Our
               corporate office is also based at Noida, and we have 3 warehouses in
               Europe.
               Our product application, we have almost 22 active customers and up 900
               plus SKUs. Our product application spreads across two-wheelers, three-
               wheelers, passenger cars, commercial vehicles, ATVs, industrial gears, and
               agricultural equipment. Our product range ranges from transmission gears
               and shafts, machine parts, sub-assemblies, chassis parts, and industrial
               gears. We are basically the high-end automotive component manufacturers.
               We are proud to share that we are A-minus credit rating by Care. We are
               listed on both the stock exchanges of India, and we have 100% owned
               subsidiary based at Austria.
Mr.            Well, I'm glad that we have now 887 employees, so we are contributing
Gursharan      positively towards the Prime Minister's vision. It generates more than one
Singh
               employment, so that is where a positive contributor towards the
               employment. From in last quarter, this was around 860. Yeah, so almost
               twenty-seven people have been added. Yes, yes, this is only permanent
               other than contractual workers. .
Mr. Jitender Our strength lies in the value-added technology in automotive component
Jain         industry, which we are proud to share that we have all the latest technology
               which we can think of for the automotive components under one roof,
whether it is gear cutting, whether it's aluminium machining, precision
machining, heat treatments, leisure welding, and etc.
We have all the certifications on the IT side and other activities available
with us. So, this is the standalone revenue for quarter three, 2025-26. We are
proud to share that we clocked a turnover of 134 crores in quarter three of
25-26. The export revenue was 93.75 crores. Its domestic business was 27.62
crores. The other operating income is 9.44 crores and other non-operating
income is 3.20 crores. Our segmentation sales segment, we have around
70% exports and 30% is the domestic business. This is how the pie is
changing for us. So, this is the business segment distribution for the nine
months of current financial year. Our two-wheeler business now is 29%. I
just want to clarify here that it's not that in absolute number, the two-
wheeler businesses have decreased, but the pie, the contribution of other
business   segments      have   increased.   So,   the    pie   is   changing.
Basically, like commercial vehicles are now 19%, which used to be around
8, 9% two, three years before. No, it was only 2%. It was only 2%. This is
comparison, yeah. And passenger car segment is 13%, recreational vehicle
is 21%. So, this is the pie now for nine months of FY2526.
We were getting some feedback that we should have more numbers for you
all to understand. So, we tried to put this slide additional, which was not.
Now we will go in forward for every quarter. This gives you an idea of how
the quarter behaves separately, differently. Sometimes two-wheeler
business    is   high,    sometimes     agricultural     business    is   high.
This should give you a good transparency about the numbers what we
report.
So this is the quarterly performance YOY. We clocked a turnover of 134
crores in third quarter of FY25-26 as compared to 109.75 crores in same
quarter last year, which is a growth of close to 22%.
Our EBITDA is 33.41 crores, which is 24.93%. as compared to 25.08 crores,
which was 22.86% same quarter last year, which is a growth of 33.21% and
our profit before tax is for quarter three is 19.65 crores, which is 14.66% as
compared to 10.25 crores, which is 9.33% for same quarter last year which
is a growth of almost 92%. This is 9 monthly performance YOY. So, we
clocked A turnover of 364.81 crores in nine months of current financial year
as compared to 321 crores same quarter last year, which is a growth of close
to 13.5%. I'm happy to share our EBITDA is about 90 crores for this year
nine months, which is 24.67% as compared to 69.68 crores, which is 21.69%,
same numbers last year, which is a growth of close to 29%.
And our PBT is 47 crores, which is 12.89% as compared to 25.42 crores,
which is 7.91%, same period last year which is a growth of 85%.
               So this is standalone quarter on quarter comparison. So, we started quarter
               one of this financial year, we clocked 107.96 crores, quarter two we clocked
               122.84 crores, which is a growth of 14% and quarter three we clocked 134
               crores, which is a growth of almost 9%. Accordingly, our EBITDA has
               moved from 26.8 crore in Q1 to 29.79 crores, which is 11.16% in quarter two
               to 33.41 crores, which is 12.15% in quarter three. And accordingly, our PBT
               has moved from 11.25 crores to 16.13 crores to 19.65 crores in
               from quarter one to quarter two to quarter three in current financial year.
               So this is again from the feedback of a few of our investors. So, we have
               started displaying now the consolidated numbers as well quarter on
               quarter. So, our consolidated numbers, which is basically the consolidation
               of numbers of our 100% subsidiary based in Austria. So, our consolidated
               numbers, the turnover has moved from 108.7 crores to 125.86 crores.
               to 141.7 crores quarter on quarter.
               EBITDA has grown from 26.87 crores to 29.95 crores, which is a growth of
               11.46% to 35.15 crores, which is a growth of 17.36% and accordingly, the
               PBT has moved from 11.27 crores to 16.18 crores, which is a growth of
               43.57%, to 21.37 crores, which is a growth of 32%.
               Now coming to the business updates. So, in our last board meeting, we have
               declared our budget for the financial year 26-27. So, for the financial year
               26-27, we are targeting a revenue plan of 565 crores plus minus 5%, which
               is growth of about 17% as compared of financial year 25-26. We will be
               incurring a CAPEX of about 77.45 crores. We wanted to share this
               bifurcation this time. So out of the 77.45 crores, our heat treatment plant,
               which is one of the major technologies which is used.
Mr.   Prabh Let me explain that. Yes. So basically through this slide, what we are trying
Mehar Singh to explain that 77 crores which is coming into the organisation in the form
               of Capex out of that 34 crores goes to the replacing our not obsolete but it is
               a heat treatment which has done its life. This heat treatment is a process
               which is very core to gear manufacturing or for that matter any process.
               which has heat treatment in the world of, you know, machining or in the
               world of component manufacturing.
               Heat treatment is a core process and a core setup which not many
               companies even have in-house, forget even having the know-how to run it.
               So, this has been one of our core strengths and this is the reason why, you
               know. In the last 30, 35 years, we have one of the biggest brands working
               for us because heat treatment, nobody likes to outsource because if they're
               buying an outsourced product, they don't like the heat treatment to be
               further outsourced by the sub-supplier because it's a very important
               process. So, this plant has done its life. So now these 77 crores which we are
               trying to bring in this year, around 33- 34 crores goes there. What that
               means is in one year, this will be invested and the plant should be up and
               running next year. This will have two impacts. One, it will increase the
               capacity what we have for this process. Yes, next slide. So maybe we can
               explain there and remaining, JJ you can explain.
Mr. Jitender Yeah, so and out of that, so at the core capacity expansion, both at Gajraula
Jain         and Noida, we would be spending about close to 34 and a half crores. And
               we are, I'm happy to share that we are expanding both at Gajraula unit as
               well as our Noida unit. So, and currently we do not have a heat treatment
               facility at Gajraula and at our Noida plant. So about 9.17 crores will be set
               up for the backward integration of setting up heat treatment plant and
               rooftop solar power plant at our Noida unit. So, 33.88 crores for heat
               treatment replacement at Gajraula, 9.17 crores for heat treatment setup and
               rooftop solar at Noida. So around 34-35 crores go for Capex for production.
               But for productive use, out of 77 crores, only 34 goes for capacity building,
               rest all is either for backward integration or replacement.
Mr.   Prabh So, basically, what I was trying to explain in the previous slide, so what this
Mehar Singh testification of replacement is, you may ask why it is required, why cannot
               we live without it? So, I was, as I was explaining, this has already done its
               life.
               Now we have two options, either to entirely outsource this process or to
               keep making whatever we are doing, because this also results in a lot of
               wastage of natural resources, rejection in house and 3rd capacity, since we
               have plans to grow in next three years, double of this number. So, we need
               to either have this capacity available or to be outsourced.
               Many years back, we decided to focus on the core business, on the core
               infrastructure and setup and this is where we were always deploying in
               productive assets like, you know, machinery, which increase our fixed asset
               turnover ratio. Now, this is kind of a backward or a process integration. In
               these three advantages, as we have listed, will come in one energy saving.
               As you know, your company is a green manufacturer, so we have 0 carbon
               footprint on the electricity since it is all solar. But we still use LPG as a
               process for this heat treatment. Now with this new setup which we are
               trying to bring in, this will be replaced to electric. Now electric will have its
               own advantages because as you know, gas. The pricing is governed by a lot
               of political and other factors. So, the LPG price is always very subjective to
               the inflations in the country and the world and the exchange rate as well,
               since most of this gas, as you know, it comes from outside. Electricity on the
               other side is a commodity which has remained constant for many years and
               you know, the India's expansion in solar electricity prices will reduce in the
            coming years only. So, it helps us to save energy to make us green in terms
            of, you know, we don't now depend on gas. Second is cycle time. So, as we
            said, LPG, since these furnaces are pretty old, they had their own
            technology, which was 35 years older. For example, the burners which we
            use, it is basically like an oven, so when you are, let's assume in a layman's
            language, baking donuts in an oven. So that needs a lot of infrastructure
            inside that furnace, which involves burners, the brick lining, then there are
            many mechanical parts which are attached to it. So that was running at a
            very low efficiency. There were many wastages in the process. Second, since
            we do not get active time, so even now, whatever capacity we have
            deployed, we are judiciously able to load only 30 to 40%, because the rest
            of the time is either downtime or we are doing maintenance, or you know
            we are wasting the resources which are being used and of course, in that I
            did explain that process controls and quality, so this helps us to improve
            whatever internal quality targets we have and also, since you already know,
            we are expanding for BMW cars, so their parts also require these non-fossil
            fuel based technologies to be used because we have a commitment for a
            green process environment for electric products. So, this also helps us to use
            this capacity for the business which is start to begin end of this year. So over
            in all this is we have just tried to, we know nobody asked this justification,
            but as a corporate governance, whatever penny we invest, there might be a
            certain inclination that, oh, you know, 80 crores is coming into a business.
            No, because some of the turnover or some of the investment is being put in
            to create this plant, which will have a life of roughly 30 years for future. So
            it's a future integration which we are doing today.
Mr.         And to add what Prabh said over there, because it's not only going to
Gursharan   increase our capacity, it is also going to give us the latest, the latest
Singh
            technologies available in the field of teaching and as he has already
            explained to you, in gear making, heat treatment remains the core for
            deciding the strength of the or durability of the components, so rather, with
            this technology coming in, will be one of the most latest equipment plant
            available in India. And on top of it, although we have to invest very heavily
            initially to replace the equipment, but running costs of this is going to be
            very, very low. Just to give an example, when we started our company,
            LPG, Six rupees per kilo, and electricity cost was 2 rupees per unit. Today,
            in past 35 years, electricity cost has increased by only four times 7 to 8
            rupees, and now with solar coming in, we are getting around 4 to 5 rupees
            per unit and whereas LPG cost has gone almost 100 rupees per kilo. So, you
            can imagine the kind of cost thing we'll be doing. Of course, we'll have to
            pay interest and depreciations on the new equipment. But yes, operating
              costs will be very low and on top of it, Up time will be very high because
              there's going to be highly efficient and we're able to have a very high. These
              are those few highlights.
Mr.   Prabh Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. Yeah, so we are also very happy to announce and
Mehar Singh why we have put in this call is because we got this only yesterday. So
              sometimes timing is also very good. So only yesterday evening we received,
              we were discussing from December this project. We are very proud to share
              and announce that we have again further diversified into a new product
              line as you know. We started for a project with ZF Rane in electric power
              steering systems, but that was still recirculating ball technology and that
              was for pass cars. That was for pass cars segment. This one is going to the
              trucks. These are trucks which it is for ZF. ZF will sell to their end customer,
              which is an American company and this truck is right now being made with
              a normal hydraulic steering system. They have now decided to bring
              electric power steering system in the trucks for the first time. This, of course,
              will have application at the moment for the fuel based, but since electric
              power steering are futuristic, so they will also be introduced in electric
              trucks as well, which customer may plan to do. This will be again a very
              long supply chain. So we will be making in India, then they will be
              assembled for electronic integration in Mexico and then from there it goes
              to North America where the end OEM will be. It is going to start maybe
              early next year, though it is not very high volume. Since you know in truck
              markets, this is a segment which they are not going to introduce electric
              steering system in all trucks. Maybe one of the segments they will and this
              is something which ZF is pioneers in, you know, gear manufacturing. They
              do transmissions, but they as a company are also growing with a lot of
              chassis technologies. So, they're also launching this steering system for the
              first time. And this is where they, of course, partnered with us.
              for providing the entire gearbox which goes into this steering system.
              Conventional hydraulic steering systems will have a pump and the fluid to
              take care of this will have a motor and a gearbox to take care of the torque
              which assists the driver.
              This is something which will be an export business to Mexico and yeah, and
              this will also help us to offer this technology with other steering makers,
              which are very much known in the world. So, this will help us to also de-
              risk ourselves from, you know, automotive.
              In American terms, this is off highway. So, this is also for us, a second
              project for the American market, but first in the truck segment. So far, we
              have not been in the truck segment for US. So, this is also helping us to enter
              a new market.
Mr.          So just to add what Prabh said that, you know, business always diversify,
Gursharan    then grows from one segment to another. We got the entry to that of
Singh        running business for, so, and they were so impressed by our performance
             that the very first proto samples were okay by all the testing and next build
             phases they were quite happy with our product quality and all the build
             phases are going on very strongly. So they, and there was opportunity for
             them to know, put this product into commercial vehicle segment, we were
             the next choice. And this time now it will be direct export to Mexico because
             for pass cars, the entire steering system will be mechanical, manufactured
             by that are front and India, but for commercial trucks, because you know
             the US has a lot of tariffs listed on the USMCA and Mexico, so then
             technically from Pass cars to commercial trucks, our transition has
             occurred. This technology will be now, once you know that it will always
             launch in one product category. Once it is successful, they will add to all.
             So, this opens way for us for all leisure product market in the US for that in
             the coming years. Yes, over to you.
Mr. Jitender Now, this slide is regarding the facility updates at the various facilities
Jain         which we have done in last quarter. So, as we have said, so we have already
             done the Bhumi Bhushan for our heat treatment plant, which will be set up,
             which we discussed previously in the previous slides. This heat treatment
             plant, Bhumi Bhushan, was done on January 23rd, 2026. This will be a new
             plant which will run on electricity and it will have a 0-carbon emission to
             the society. It is, we are targeting to make it fully operational by February
             2027.
             As shared earlier, we are also expanding our Noida unit. So we have taken
             an additional space on lease in our Noida plant, which is almost close to
             27,760 square feet, new built up area. It is getting constructed right now. It
             will be a dedicated space for our new projects where we will be setting up
             our heat treatment plant there and advanced machinery installation. It will
             be a capacity enhancement for us and it will this infrastructure is being set
             up for our future growth as well as backward integration.
Mr.    Prabh And when we say future, as you know, we recently bagged A two-wheeler
Mehar Singh high premium project, which was expected to start in January. It did start
             in January, probably one of the first quickest project for us since you were
             nominated only in September and January the start of production
             happened. Anyway, so we will check with customer if we can disclose the
             name but that project now which started, we are very proud to share. They
             are now, if I can use the word buying like cakes, because it is really a very
             good quality product that they are receiving. And since the customer is also
             getting very high demand from their market, since it is a motorcycle,
             after the GST reduction, you know motorcycles are getting good traction.
             So now we are expanding this plant for that customer because we did
             commit for 10,000 motorcycles, but now they are wanting us to at least take
             to 20,000. And with time, we will see how we are able to ramp up. We are
             working on very active scenario with this particular customer and of course
             in general, TVS, which is already one of our customers for Noida plant. As
             you know, you have read, they are launching Norton, TVS, many new
             motorcycles are coming in. So, this plant, we believe in next one year,
             should also add good amount of turnover to this group now and third one
             is about the readiness of our Venus plant. As you're aware, we had two new
             nominations from BMW. One was Titan, second was Venus. So, I'm happy
             to share our Venus plant is ready now. You can see it in the pictures.
             The plant infrastructure and installation, everything is completed. Trial
             runs have already been conducted. We are fully prepared for the SOP by
             the end of this new, by the end of this year for the BMW car. But we have
             set up this plant in a manner with an additional space that about 50% of the
             space we will be using for the new projects.
Mr. Jitender So as a responsible company, we have we do few CSR initiatives also. We
Jain         have this is one of the CSR initiative which we wanted to share with our
               Investors. We are happy to share that we have set up a charitable health
               centre which is a CSR initiative of RACL Geartech in near in our factory at
               Gajraula. This will be managed by Max Hospital. So, since nearby to our
               factory area, there was no proper healthcare centre and emergency support
               infrastructure which was available. So, in that response, our CSR
               Foundation, then we have we have often utilised our dedicated healthcare
               centre in partnership with Max Hospital. I'm proud to share that this this
               health centre, the inauguration of this health centre was done by the
               Honourable District Magistrate of Amroha, Miss Nidhi Gupta Vats on Feb
               12th, 2026.
               As of now, this health centre, we will be ready. We are planning to
               operationalize it by next, by coming month and we will be initially, we will
               be able to provide the immediate first aid and the initial trauma stabilisation
               and emergency services and we will be providing OPD facilities to the
               nearby people at a very nominal fees and based on the response and all, we
               will be seeing if we will expand it further.


               This again, so we are proud to share that we, so every year we conduct a
               Familiarisation Programme for our board of directors where they visit our
               factory, the entire board, I'm happy to share, as you know, that we have
               two new members in our board of directors now. So, our board of directors
               have visited our plant on February 12th.
               First of all, they have a discussion with the entire senior management
               people, including functional heads. They're able to get the update on the
               company's     performance     and   the    challenges   which    people    are
               facing. They get an opportunity to take a detailed tour of our entire plan
               and we are able to showcase our technological advancements and capacity
               expansions, which we have done.
               Our board members are quite involved in our business. They also had an
               opportunity to interact with the workers and the ground level staff. And at
               the same time, as you're aware, we have our board members from various
               having vast experiences from various fields and all, including automotive
               and non-automotive and all. So, this programme also gives us an
               opportunity to get their suggestions and advices for any procedure
               improvement and better productivity.


               So, these are the awards and recognitions which your company has
               achieved in last quarter. We got an award for the Export Excellence by
               EEPC India in northern region, which was 54th and 55th Export Excellence
               Awards. The company has been recognised as a star performer.
               in automobile component product group under the Northern Region for
               Export Excellency category. We are proud to share that company has also
               been awarded silver rating with a certificate of appreciation by TVS Motors.
               This is basically a recognition of our initiatives and as you know that we
               focus a lot on the ESG practises and all. So, we got a silver category rating
               from TVS in the field of ESG practices. And this event was held on
               December 15, 2025 at Bangalore, Karnataka.
Mr.   Prabh So, that's it from our side. Thanks a lot, and we'll now open the session for
Mehar Singh the Q&A. For Q&A, can we have a raise of hands that helps us to then align
               them? Yes, so far we have two raise of hands, so we can just wait for
               everybody else. Yes, if you can raise, then we can take point by point, hand
               by hand. Yes, yeah Mr. Jainam, if you can unmute yourself and you can ask
               your question.
Mr. Jainam Yeah, thank you for giving me the opportunity. So, my first question was
Madrecha   on like in FY27, we are having like many major projects that are going to be
               live this year. Be it BMW, a large domestic customer is also going to get
               started. Then there is Norton and then there is KTM, which apart from all
               these orders, there is KTM, which is also coming back online and growing.
               So, does this create a room for like growth to surprise on the upside versus
               our 20% guidance?
Mr.            I would like to answer that. So of course, there is never any scope for
Gursharan      surprises. That should always be part of how people and how we work. But
Singh
               since we already gave a guidance, the idea behind guidance is not to give
               guidance, but is to justify why we are bringing in a Capex of 30 to 35 crores.
               As you understand, whatever Capex comes in does not always mean that it
               will result in higher turnover because some things are for future, some
               things are for backward integration. But as an indication, the company has
               grown 15 to 20% in the past. Now we of course, we maintain that because
               we are confident whatever indications we receive from our customers and
               as you correctly said, you know, certain things which were beyond our
               control like the KTM, those things are also shaping well now. So, if those
               things, whatever our customers are telling, if they perform better than what
               they have told us, then yes, we will be also equally surprised. If not, at least
              this is what we are trying to transfer to you in terms of what we know. This
              is our discussions and projections from our customers.
              And as you know, always whatever we say is a pass on of whatever our
              customers expect of the market but this is the current scenario is what they
              transfer to us and that is how we plan our budgets and capital expenditures.
Mr. Jainam Understood. The next question is on like now Europe is progressively
Madrecha   getting better and the commentary of OEMs over there has also moved from
              like they were earlier; the commentary was earlier very bleak and it is now
              getting better. So, if OEMs over there are doing well, what's your view on
              the supply chain situation in Europe now?
Mr.           No, I'll answer you. First of all, you rightly said that, which was going on
Gursharan     twenty-three, twenty-four, and twenty-four, five in Europe, that's not there
Singh
              the roots of growth are already started coming up, and yes, things are
              going, but the supply chain scenario, whatever is happening, it is in India's
              favour, because first of all, this latest EU FTA, which has happened between
              India and European Union although FDA will be applicable after one year
              but this has actually brought India into limelight because in European
              Union okay all big brands bigger companies they were already knowing
              India very well but there were other brands other companies who did not
              have that cross country or intercontinental businesses, they have also
              started looking towards it. So that way business, these all scenarios are
              looking promising. But you know, whatever happens, supply chain,
              Europe will not jump on overnight. They always have a long decision
              period, they always have a long decision-making period, but yes, overall
              situation looks very promising, not only for RACL, generally for the Indian
              auto corporate constructing scenario, because geopolitical things are in
              India's favour as far as business between European Union and India is
              concerned or for that matter.
              Although American markets are a little difficult as on today, but still
              prediction that that even with American markets, India business, and of
              course our company were a small not in the whole slide chain, but yes,
              we're still small.
Mr. Jainam Understood, sir. And next question was on like now, since we are
Madrecha   transitioning from a 500-crore company and we will now be much, now we
              will be moving beyond 500 crore company. So, as we transition to this next
              orbit, how are we planning for like senior level hiring? Have we any, have
              we done any senior level hiring’s or are we planning for any new hires as
              of now?
Mr.           Any campaigns being hired, always you get notified, but you know
Gursharan     recruitment is a regular process, and you know this you can also very well
Singh
                understand, and no business can grow until you have the management
                team, but it is part of the routine business, I don't feel that this has any
                borders on this forum to discuss, but yes, senior management, I think at all
                level is always is an ongoing process.
Mr. Jainam      Understood, sir.
Madrecha
Mr. Jitender    Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Jain.
Jain
Mr. Jainam      Yeah, just one last question if I could.
Madrecha
Mr. Jitender    Mr. Jain, actually, there's a long list of maybe you can write an e-mail and
Jain            we will respond back to you, or maybe at the end, we will again give you a
                chance.
Mr. Jainam OK. Thank you.
Madrecha
Mr.   Prabh Thank you, can you unmute yourself and ask question, Mr. Piyush, you can
Mehar Singh have your question.
Mr.    Piyush Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the good
Jain            result. Hello, am I audible?
Mr. Jitender Yes, you are.
Jain
Mr.    Piyush Yeah, sir, first thing just wants to know, we have given guidance of 565 for
Jain            2027   guidance.     So,   what    is      the   number   for     current   year?
                Because we have already done 365 crores in done.
Mr.   Prabh Sir, current year we still have not closed, so maybe after next quarter you
Mehar Singh can ask this question, because that will be always, but we have already done
                360 odd crores until 9 months, so you can.
Mr.    Piyush So, so actually, I am coming from this. We have already done 365 crore last
Jain            quarter was on 130 crores. I still assume we will do somewhere around this
                number, so we will be touching around 500 crores in this year only, correct?
Mr.   Prabh Yes, you are missing the plus 5%, which is in the bracket, and all you're also
Mehar Singh missing is still to close this year. So, whatever we have done in the last nine
                months, we still have to achieve three months. So, we are maintaining that
                we will grow between 18 to 20%. So of course, when we say 565, it is not
                that it is a number which is in front of us and we are calculating. Maybe it
                can be higher, maybe it can be lower, but the range is between 15 to 20%,
                the growth should come in. Of course, if we close at 485, this becomes 18%.
                If we close at 500, that becomes something else. But for that, we have to wait
                till end of this quarter. That is what I said in the beginning.
Mr.    Piyush Okay, okay, got it. Okay, second question is, any update on this BMW, the
Jain            locking program, something which is supposed to start in 2026, when it will
                start or started?
Mr.   Prabh Right. Yes, it will start on time. It will start end of this year, maybe July,
Mehar Singh maybe September. But we are now entering the final phase of sampling.
                April, the interview team is visiting us to do the sign off for final sample
                submission. It is the final state of sample submission. So once those are
                submitted, then of course, I think the vehicle is also set for launch, I think
                early 27. So, keeping on their call of scenario, I believe it should start from
                September, but it can be one month here or there.
Mr.   Prabh Okay, we are muting you, Mr. Jain, since we cannot hear you. Is there any
Mehar Singh other question because we cannot see any raise of hand? Otherwise, we can
                have Mr. Tej Patel, you can unmute yourself and ask your question.
Mr. Tej Patel   Yeah, perfect. Am I audible, sir?
Mr.             Yes.
Gursharan
Singh
Mr. Tej Patel   Yeah, perfect. So just wanted to get your view on, you know, the, the duty
                on auto components, you know, was almost like 4%. So, I just wanted to
                ask, is there any benefit from this India you get. The reason I'm asking is,
                for example, the imports into India were coming from, let's say, a Chinese
                plant, right, of BMW. Is there a scope of, you know, supply chain
                realignment where, you know, we probably getting more RFQs from other
                plants of BMW where they were duty advantage now with India? Are we
                having such discussions or do you see, you know, scope there?
Mr.             We already, I already answered in the previous question also. The first of
Gursharan       all, this EU FTA is applicable for January 2027. That is clear. Secondly, I
Singh           already answered that EU FTA has actually highlighted India's as a
                potential partner for European Union companies in a bigger way in the
                coming times. So definitely these situations are very positive looking and
                promising. But one thing is clear, then you know, whether it's a BMW or a
                Mercedes or any of the European companies, they are...
                Big, big conglomerate; they will not jump over the things overnight. This is
                always a strategic decision, and you know, leaving aside India or China or
                any other country, like they always have to have a geographical balance.
                I will not never say that they'll say, okay, they will close China and come
                100% in India. And tomorrow, if something goes wrong, they will close
                China and go to India and go to other countries. They always take a
                strategic decision and in the long-term perspective. But overall things are
                looking very promising and we have already started getting good
                responses, good. It is our interest from things are looking very positive
                because whether it's India, UK, FDA, India, EU, FDA, these have actually
                brought our country to limelight. So that way this really advantage goes to
                the down to the value chain.
                And you know, I can only say we are having an advantage that we already
                have a very, very strong presence in European Union. So, if I want to see
                competitive edge as compared to my other co-manufacturers from India, so
                we get that advantage because you know any European Union new
                customer, they will first like to see Indian supplier who already has a
                presence in Europe, so there we have a competitive advantage because we
                don't only not only we have the presence, we are operating 5 warehouses
                in Europe and we are present in Europe now for today for the last 16 years,
                so that really gives us the upper hand. So this will be in coming time, these
                things will be really in our favor.
Mr. Tej Patel   Got it. That's great to hear. Sir, in your introduction, Prabh Sir mentioned,
                you know, we are probably doubling our production for this new premium
                customer. Was that number? Can you just repeat that number? You said
                10,000 to now probably we will.
Mr.   Prabh Ohh yeah, they are asking us to double, so nomination is for 10,000, but
Mehar Singh they are asking us to bring it to 20,000.
Mr. Tej Patel   Okay Perfect, perfect and then just wanted to get clarity on the incremental
                Capex which we are doing apart from the backward integration. Is it for, if
                you could help me understand what projects is it for? Because what we,
                what I understand today on our current blocks, gross block only, we
                probably are able to do it, let's say about a 60-50 crores of revenue potential,
                right? So, is there any particular project we are doing this capex for?
Mr.   Prabh Yes, there are a couple of projects which are yet to come and there is a
Mehar Singh couple of Capex which is also yet to come. So one thing what we should
                note is whatever has been invested in the past, there are two options. Either
                we wait for the customer to grow that business or we use that capacity for
                someone else.
                We do not do the option 2 because in automotive and as you know how the
                last few years have been, volatility is always there. So, we can't really
                switch. We can, but we should not. So similarly, whatever projects have
                already been invested in, we are waiting for those volumes to grow from
                the customer end which volumes, as you correctly said, would have grown.
                We would have been today sitting at 550-600 crores, but we could not
                because of, you know, the stream. But going forward, whatever these 30
                crores, of course, some of the things are generic. Not all processes have
                equal capacity, some will be bottlenecked, so we need to add for even the
                organic business.
                For some, we add for the new businesses, but yes, whatever investments
                we make, we make only when we have business in hand or when the
                business is to start. So, we are not investing much, to be honest. This is the
                lowest Capex we have taken in the last three years. If you take out this heat
                treatment, it goes 30- 35 crores, this customer I'm telling you to who's asking
                20,000 and then there are some other small projects. Kawasaki is 1 big
                customer which is coming up really nicely for us. We have not taken that.
                So, such things we are taking care of at doing this capex.
                Thanks, Mr. Tej. Thank you, thank you.
Mr. Tej Patel   Okay, can I ask, or shall okay, I will join back into no problem.
Mr. Jitender Please, there is a long queue. Please, thank you.
Jain         Yeah, Mr. Shashank, Can you please unmute yourself and ask questions?
Mr.         Yeah, hi, good evening. Good evening team. Thank you for this
Shashank    opportunity. Just a couple of things. So do we have any road type benefits
Kanodia     accrued to us and you know, with the government slashing some of the
            benefits, does this have any impact to us?
Mr.   Prabh We had the benefit, and yes, the government of India has cut down by 50%,
Mehar Singh so yeah, so this will be hitting our next year, yes, because they are reduced
                50%.
Mr.             So, but what was the rate? What is the percentage of export revenues you
Shashank        were getting the benefits?
Kanodia
Mr.             Actually, we'll be losing, I'll say, around a crore of rupees from next year,
Gursharan       but it is still a long way to go because FAE Federation of Exporters has
Singh
                already approached the Government of India. Point to be, they will review
                this process, but yes, if it happens, it will be a loss, yes.
Mr.             Understood. Right. So, sir, you know this year we are going 15- 16 percent.
Shashank        Next year we already given a guidance with BMW and other initiatives
Kanodia
                taking place. So do you feel that the next year onwards will let inflexion
                panel growth will only improve from here upon or will still?
Mr.             Yes, we all are here for bringing the growth here. Definitely, we always
Gursharan       keep optimistic. You know, one thing is clear that one has always to work
Singh
                with a long-term vision. One has to always look for optimistic and growth-
                oriented plans as we have already told you that BMW electric car business
                what we got as hope will happen somewhere end of this year. So eventually
                FY27-28 will be the full year when we'll be having that order out of this. So
                it's very clear that. This new business will add to this, and our rage is,
                although nobody knows what is going to happen tomorrow, but keeping
                the current scenario in. Our site, we feel that this growth trajectory should
                always remain, but one thing is very clear that when you grow the when
                you grow, you know, 15% of 100 crores will be 15 crores and 15% of 500
                crores and 75 crores. So, eventually, at some stage, absolute numbers will
                still be growing percentages error there will always happen because
                absolute delta absolute becomes sometimes very high. But this growth,
                optimistic growth will always change.
Mr.             Right, so, so this BMW order in first of operations, what kind of revenue do
Shashank        you expect it to clock? So, in FA 28, any ballpark number?
Kanodia
Mr.   Prabh     It is difficult to comment since as I told, everything will start by, let's assume
Mehar Singh     September, October, maybe till March we get that revenue. So, customer is
                still also not sure about the volumes. They have given some numbers. So, it
               will be immature on our part to pass on because volumes are also being re-
               discussed.
               But at the moment, yes, the biggest milestone is that project should start,
               which is starting on time. Whatever revenue comes, first when it happens,
               we'll share, but it will come this year. At least three months revenue we are
               targeting, we should be able to get in. This year means next financial year.
               That is all will become more realistic when the vehicle is actually launched
               and looking on the initial bookings and all, you know, these days this is
               very, very competitive, so whether it's a BMW or any top brand, they also
               cannot really forecast beyond is certain level. Accuracy of forecast, forecast
               is there, but how accurate it is. But yes, the way these guys are investing
               money, we're also very optimistic. Yes, because they are launching a first of
               its   kind,   active   vehicle   in   the   market,   hopefully   it   will   be.
               Thank you, thank you,
Mr.            Thank You.
Shashank
Kanodia
Mr.   Prabh    Hey, we have, we have, we have one more, we have few more people, sir,
Mehar Singh    please, Mr. Devesh Kayal, can you please unmute yourself?
Mr. Devesh     Yeah. Yeah, just want to understand based on the SOPs available now, so
Kayal          what would be our export mix in FY-27?
Mr.        There's only always range bound the same sixty-five, normally it is sixty-
Gursharan  five plus or minus 2% error, sixty-five, sixty-five, ha, but that is because
Singh      Kubota will ship to domestic, yeah, sixty-five is around sixty-five, but
           because one of our customers is not converting into domestic.
           It is not an export business is reducing one of our customers and that will
           actually help us for our working capital management. One of our biggest
           customers is now taking goods India from us. So, you all may be aware,
           Kubota has acquired escorts. So now actually whatever we were exporting,
           so gradually Kubota is shifting that we will shift, give these parts to Escorts,
           and then they will export, so eventually our business still remains, but
           instead of export business in books, it will come as a and receivables will be
           faster, yeah, and we'll get there, and they shifted this.
           So, they also are not, they are that they change only for this incentive, yeah,
           yeah, and they got it.
Mr. Devesh I understood. And sir, what would be our top three customer revenue in
Kayal      nine months FY26 till now, like this year?
Mr.   Prabh So we don't disclose, we don't disclose customer individual revenues
Mehar Singh because that's, you know, competitive strength. No, we don't do that, but
               we give you a segment of industry-wise which we give.
Mr. Devesh Top 3 out of five. Okay, okay. I understood. Yeah, yeah, that's it from my
Kayal      side. Thanks.
Mr.   Prabh Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Rohit Ojha, can you please unmute yourself?
Mehar Singh
Mr.    Rohit Yes, sir, good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to check
Ojha           on this ZF opportunity for electric power steering that's mentioned. Any
               estimates on qualitatively on the numbers that we can look at? Not now,
               maybe you mentioned.
Mr.            Good afternoon. I think since we got this only yesterday, we are also not
Gursharan      very clear, but first of all, it is a first pilot project. It's not a very high revenue
Singh
               project, but this is opening up a gate in entering the commercial truck
               business. You know, that have also is entering into this electric.
Mr.   Rohit Okay.
Ojha
Mr.         Power sharing, because they know, this is not part of their business. They
Gursharan   historically was doing only the hydraulic power sharing that I've actually
Singh
            now started developing this electronic power sharing. First, they offered us
               one of us, they got business from American manufacturers, so they give us
               the business now, they entered into the truck market and the first business
               which they gave this has come to us, but eventually truck market business
               will never be of the volumes at the level of Pass cars, but yes, monthly truck
               market is too big. Eventually, it will grow, but first value, this is not too
               high, but this is a big doorstep towards the. Large volume growth into truck
               market for us into U.S. market.
Mr.    Rohit Yeah, and does this also open opportunities for other customers in the
Ojha           similar product segment?
Mr.   Prabh Yeah. Obviously, yeah. Well, you know, once you enter, like we started
Mehar Singh working with it, just a historical thing, a two-wheeler business, a very, very
               niche     product      producing       only     2000     gearboxes       per     year.
               and that too, for Italian motorcycle company and today, from 2000, we are
               producing almost 15- 30,000 gearboxes per month, so this is how the station
               efforts, you know, whenever you enter, you enter as an incubation project,
               and then it grows and then we started business with Square and today I'm
               proud that all leading prime premium motorcycle manufacturers are
               already our customers. Same way today we are entering into, we enter into
               electronic power steering components only one year back with ZF, not even
               one year as fast.
               We already got a second project, and then it opens doors for all future
               because it's from ZF, as well as from other customers.
Mr.    Rohit Yeah and sir, it was mentioned earlier that KTM production should
Ojha           normalise by FY-27. Do you think that's still likely or do you see like some?
Mr.            That is going on as it is going on as per plan, and in fact, so far, situation is
Gursharan      very promising because whatever they projected, they have maintained
Singh
               even to the last vehicle level, so it means that projections and forecast is
               very, very robust, and now FI 28 forecast.
               They have already released; this is better than previous year, and obviously
               we hope that, you know, getting the new management of Bajaj is on the new
               manager, so initially we were feeling that, okay, all the revival process will
               start but so far, results are very, whatever. I'm not saying that volumes have
               come back to the original level, but whatever they have forecasted, they are
               maintaining to the last vehicle level. That is a very, very important thing to
               note. That was something which we have in our next year budgets taken
               KTM at the most conservative best level, whatever that supplier element is,
               it will grow, will help us because even this quarter three was negligible, but
               what is trying to convey is from a financial unstability to now at least
               projections being met. So, it means they have now visibility of what they
               are making the problem started because they were produced and this is
               where the problem came in. But now at least their market feedback is
               correct. Whatever they are asking from suppliers, it means they're able to
               sell also.
               So, in coming years, you know, Bajaj and investing, I think, more than 8,000
               crores. So they will make sure it grows that we will grow with them,
               because you know I'm just telling you, because I met some of the senior
               management guys of KTM when this company went insolvent, they had a
               vehicle dealer level stock of almost 200,000 motorcycles.
Mr.   Rohit Okay.
Ojha
Mr.   Prabh 200,000 motorcycle stock at dealer travel; last figure was its stock has come
Mehar Singh down to 20,000 and 20,000 is the operating level, but technically now their
               old inventories are finished. It means now they will again start, so that way
               we are quite up to it.
Mr.    Rohit But when do we see the peak revenues coming back from KTM for us? Do
Ojha           we have?
Mr.   Prabh We already said that we are kept very conservative. If something grows up,
Mehar Singh it comes to our advantage. You know, we always, I don't know how long
               we are attending our call calls, but we always take a very, very conservative
               view. If we feel any kind of known disability is going to occur, unknown
               disability, nobody on earth can predict, but if any known instability is there,
               we always take a conservative view, so this now we are sure whatever we
               have forecast.
Mr.   Rohit Understood. Thank You.
Ojha
Mr.         This will never, this will not go down at KTM front. If something grows, it
Gursharan   will come to our advantage. And in coming years, then we will.
Singh
            align our forecast accordingly. You have already seen that if we are given
               560 crores plus 1 is 5% an age bound. So this plus 5 probably can come from
               ATM itself, but it can come minus 5 also from other customers of that.
               But eventually, we, as I explained to you, that KTM since has done
               extremely robust in the past one year, so we are feeling that whatever
               forecast they are given, that forecast they will maintain, they will not go
               down if it grows or that, it will be better you know, but Bajaj is a very
               aggressive company. I'll say put it other way round, so they will not allow
               it to go down and they will always aspire to make it more and more.
Mr.            Thank you. Thank you. One last question we'll take from Mr. Shashank
Gursharan      Kanodia. I think he has asked, but I think he has some one more question
Singh          to ask. Mr. Shashank, you can unmute yourself.
Mr.            Yeah, sir, what is the capex number you will end this fiscal year, April 26th?
Shashank
Kanodia
Mr.   Prabh    Fifty, the same number, which it was 50, less than 50, maybe a crore less
Mehar Singh    than what we plan.
Mr.         Okay, around about 45 to 50 crores.
Shashank
Kanodia
Mr.   Prabh Forty-nine. Yeah, we planned 50, maybe a crowd here or there, but not plus
Mehar Singh 50, whatever layer do you want.
Mr.            Right, right and second, sir, in this quarter of, you know, performance, you
Shashank       had very nice margins in terms of 22.8% at the console level. I believe there
Kanodia
               was some amount of, you know, depletion of currency which came to a
               benefit. So, sir, setting that setting that up by itself, what should be a
               normalised margin for us going forward? Your take on this, please.
Mr.            That this currency, we cannot keep getting a quarter, but technically
Gursharan      currency also more or less not stabilized, so frankly speaking, the further
Singh
               advantage of currencies will not come, but whatever, yeah, so to give you a
               better to give you a more depth answer I think what we can say is that
               basically the foreign exchange in quarter three was not that much, maybe
               1% difference because of quarter because of the foreign exchange
               fluctuation but what I was trying to say, this is not very less, yeah, because
               now it's stable.
Mr.            Okay, so then as you kind of scale up, so there's a scope for margin
Shashank       improvement as well, right? So, we might touch to.
Kanodia
Mr.            No, actually what happens at quarter through performance was good
Gursharan      because, you know, historically our Q3 is always highest because our
Singh
               business cycle is such that Q3 is always higher sales. You know what
               happens when you cross a particular threshold of profitability?
               Then, Delta goes very high, but this time we did, I think, all the it was this
               content all-time high, all time, so it was all time high performance of 130,
               100 thirty-five crores, yeah, so normally we do about 120, one twenty-five,
              so this 15 crore or 10 crore delta which we did, so that will actually have a
              higher percentage of profitability, and one more thing: this year probability
              was very high, as you know that since we raised fresh funds during this
              year, we paid the entire long-term debt, although not entire, but no entire
              proceeds of that was used for the used for the finance cost has come down.
              I think the jump in PBT, which you are looking at, it is predominantly
              because of reduction in the finance cost. Yeah, so that has also helped us to
              increase.
              Of course, BMW prototyping is also helping. It is doing it. Yes. Yeah, BMW
              also.
Mr.   Prabh But to give you a more approach-based answer, I don't know how you take
Mehar Singh it, but between having a higher margin, because margin is something which
              is governed and earned by, you know, a lot of factors. But you also have to
              understand we never ever go back to our customers for any inflation related
              activity. So whatever margins what we are quoting today is basis of course
              new projects which will add the revenue, but there are also old projects
              which will now become more expensive. So, there is always a delta which
              we have to then earn from in terms of, you know, employee cost will
              increase, input cost will increase.
              So, to give you a blank answer that it can increase, of course it should.
              But the point is we have to always play between the inflations and the new
              projects. If we are not adding new projects, because new projects come at
              the new prices. So that is where even if we are growing with new projects,
              if old projects are growing, that margin balance needs to be maintained.
              You know, business is always a balancing cycle, because somewhere the
              costs are going up, somewhere the costs have to go down, like we have
              already disclosed today that we are now going to invest almost thirty-five
              growth of heat treatment facility. Now, what we do, it will happen, it will
              increase our interest cost, but it will substantially reduce our operating cost.
              We are putting up a heated room facility in Noida unit. So of course, it will
              reduce our in outsourcing cost because at Noida plant we are getting 100%
              heated on outside. So, moment we insource our outsourcing cost will go
              down. The profit margin with outside supply was taking that will be taking.
              And, as the other way around, we will be paying higher interest costs, but
              net will be gaining, so then in all permutation combination, our interest
              always remains that we maintain our basic profitability, old projects.
              will start reducing the probability because no customer gives you pricing.
              New projects, they always have a higher element of profit, that's the reason
              that we always keep on adding new and new projects so the balance
              remains.
                    So, this is how for the past five, six years this strategy is working and we do
                    hope that in coming years this strategy will keep working. Thank you.
                    Thank you. There is no other person. We can close the call.
 Mr.                Okay, Thank you so much.
 Shashank
 Kanodia
 Ms.                Thank You, on behalf of the management, I would like to sincerely thank
 Chaniksha          all the participants for joining and engaging with us today.
                    Your participation is greatly appreciated. I would also like to extend a
                    special note of gratitude to the management team for their thorough and
                    patient responses to all the questions raised during this session.
 Mr.                Thank you everybody.
 Gursharan
 Singh


Notes:

1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the
proceedings

2. Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference.

3. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without
the prior written consent of RACL Geartech Limited



                 Digitally signed by Neha Bahal
                 DN: cn=Neha Bahal, c=IN, st=Delhi,
  Neha Bahal     o=Personal, title=8911,
                 serialNumber=1070600d51cfb7a3e7
                 f9237b77ab72982622bba45fb9e337
                 6de0904c6246d099
                 Date: 2026.03.03 16:39:31 +05'30'
