   talb r@ ’ Talbros Automotive
                                                  Components Ltd.
                                                 www.talbros.com




                                                                                                                      27" May, 2026

         Listing Department                                            Listing Department
         BSE Limited                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited
         Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                     Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, G Block
         Dalal Street                                                  Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
         Mumbai —400 001                                               Mumbai — 400 051

         Scrip Code: 505160                                            Symbol: TALBROAUTO

        Sub: Submission of Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript

        Dear Sir/ Ma’am,

        Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and
        Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Q4 & FY26 Earnings
        Conference Call Transcript.

        The same will also be available on the website of the Company at https://www.talbros.com/ .

        This is for your information and record.

        Thanking you,

        Yours Sincerely
        For Talbros Automotive Components Limited
        SEEMA              Digitally signed by
                           SEEMA NARANG

        NARANG             Date: 2026.05.27
                           11:02:36 +05'30'

        Seema Narang
        Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

        Encl.: As above




regd. Office : 14/1, mathura road, faridabad-121003 haryana, india . ph: + 91 129 2275434/35/36/37
                                                                                               . fax : +91 129 2277240, 2272263 . e-mail: talbros@talbros.com
                                                              CIN : L29199HR1956PLC033107
                                            talbr@s


            “Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                Q4 & FY26 Earnings Conference Call”
                                           May 21, 2026

 E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recordings uploaded on the
                                  stock exchange on 21 May 2026 will prevail.




MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ TALWAR — MANAGING DIRECTOR —
                          TALBROS AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS LIMITED
                          MR. NAVIN JUNEJA— DIRECTOR AND GROUP CHIEF
                          FINANCIAL OFFICER- TALBROS AUTOMOTIVE
                          COMPONENTS LIMITED
                          SGA-INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISORS




                                                 Page 10f 16
                                                                  Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                          May 21, 2026




Moderator:     Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Talbros Automotive Components Limited
               Q4 and FY26 Eamings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the
               listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
               presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal
               an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this
               conference is being recorded.

               This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are
               based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call
               These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and
               uncertainties that are difficult to predict.


               I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Talwar, Managing Director. Thank you, and over
               to you, sir.

Anuj Talwar:   Thank you. Good afteroon, everyone. A very warm welcome to the Talbros Automotive
               Components Limited camings call for quarter 4, and FY26. On the call today, 'm joined by
               Mr. Navin Juneja, our Director on the Board, our Group CFO, along with our IR Advisors,
               SGA. The results and the investor presentation have been uploaded on the stock exchange and
               the company website.

               Before I take you through our performance, I would like to spend a moment on the broader
               industry landscape. The Indian automotive industry closed FY26 on a strong note, despite a
               challenging global environment marked by geopolitical tensions, supply chain distuptions,
               inflationary pressures, the domestic automotive ecosystem demonstrated resilience. This also
               helped a lot with the GST cut as well as increased government capex and rural recovery.

               In quarter 4 FY26, the passenger vehicle segment continued its momentum, posting its highest
               ever quarter 4 sales of 13.16 lakh units, representing a 13% Y-0-Y growth. Demand for SUVs
               and premium vehicles remain robust, while even the entry-level segment saw a gradual
               recovery driven by affordability, improvements in supportive financing.

               The two-wheeler industry registered its highest quarter for sales of 57.73 lakh units, a growth
               of 26% Y-0-Y. The implementation of GST 2.0 provided a meaningful boost in Q3 and Q4,
               complemented by rural recovery and improving consumer sentiment. The segments
               resurgence is particularly significant for Talbros given our market-leading position in Gaskets
               for two-wheelers, where we are pretty much single source in one of the second or the third
               largest OEMs in the country.

               The commercial vehicle segment delivered its highest ever quarter for volumes, recording 3.25
               lakh units sold. Simultaneously, electric mobility continued to gain traction. EV cars grew at
               about 50% Y-o-Y in quarter 4, while EV two-wheelers grew at 39% Y-o-Y, again, expanding
               to a better charging station network and also urbanization of the rural cities as well.




                                         Page 2 0of 16
                                                 Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                         May 21, 2026

On the global front, structural challenges in Europe, automotive industry, weak OEM and Tier
1 balance sheets, supply consolidation, a global OEM actively reducing China dependence are
exceeding supply chain realignments towards India. This, you have seen not now for many,
many quarters that our exports get healthier and better. We are benefiting from this kind of a
change in the supply chain decision-making at the procurement level in Europe and UK.

Coming to company performance. I'm extremely pleased and delighted to share that Talbros
Automotive has delivered its strongest ever quarterly performance in Q4 FY26. Our
consolidated revenue from operations stood at INR237 crores in the quarter with a growth of
15% year-on-year.

At the EBITDA level, at Q4, we declared EBITDA of INR45 crores, a growth of 12.9% and a
record high margin of 18.7%, reflecting robust operating leverage and disciplined cost
‘management. PAT for quarter 4 grew 19% year-on-year to INR32 crores at a PAT margin of
13.1%.


Its IPL season, we crossed the century impact, and for the first time, we ended the PAT at
INR104 crotes for the year ending.

Coming to our divisions, our Gasket and Heat Shield division remains the largest and the most
profitable contributor to our business, accounting for 52% of the revenues. In quarter 4 FY26,
the division delivered revenue of INR164 crores, a growth of 15% year-on-year with EBITDA.
growing 18% year-on-year.

The Q4 revenue mix was largely supported by two-wheelers and passenger vehicles. The
division benefited from strong OEM demand, higher penetration in premium vehicle
platforms, and continued traction in our Heat Shield business line, which remains a highest
margin and a high-growth business.

‘We hold a 50% market share in the Indian Gasket market, 3 times the nearest competitor and

are market leaders across two-wheelers, agri, off-highway and commercial vehicle segment.
We are a single-source supplier, as I mentioned earlier to you, to four or five of key customers
within the country, which shows a lot about our trust and quality with the customer.

The Heat Shield segment continues to scale meaningfully with FY26 revenues at INRS8
crores. Our exclusive partnership with global companies for Light Weighting Aluminum Heat
Shields is exciting. These products offer value-added features, including noise reduction,
emission control and thermal insulation for new generation engines, including hybrids and
EVs, making this a very futuristic product with high margins.

Coming to the Forging division. In Q4 '26, the Forging division delivered a strong recovery
with revenues of INR76.2 crores, up 11% year-on-year, validating the normalization, we had
anticipated after export headwinds in Q2 and Q3.

As a one-stop solution provider for hot forgings with press capacities from 750 to 2,500 tons,
we offer comprehensive capabilities spanning die design, machining and heat treatment.
Exports in this division are still at about 56% of the revenue with marquee customers like JCB


                        Page 3 0f 16
                                                  Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                          May 21, 2026

in the U.K., DANA in Europe, Carraro Europe, GKM Europe, Musashi and Jaguar Land Rover
in the UK.

New orders worth INR500 crores have been secured in the Forging business with a significant
portion from new onboarded major European car maker in Europe as well. With European
OEMs actively looking at consolidating their supplier base in India and a preferred alternative
to China, this is a great opportunity for our Forging division.

Coming to our joint ventures. Our two joint ventures had an outstanding year. Marelli Talbros
Chassis Systems, our 50/50 JV with Marelli, reported full year revenues of INR346 crores with
a growth of 21% year-on-year, and quarter 4, it grew at 35%. EBITDA grew 35% for the full
year to INR62 crores.

Over 90% of this division's revenue comes from the passenger vehicle segment with key
customers like Maruti, Tata, Jaguar as well. The JV manufactures control arms, front axles,
rear axles and critical components of the chassis spectrum. EV revenues now account of 5% of
this division. We're also waiting for some orders to come in fiom luxury EV makers in the
world.


Coming to Talbros Marugo, our 50/50 joint venture with Marugo Rubber Industries, Japan,
which manufactures anti-vibrating products, including mounts, strut mounts, suspension
bushes, rubber bushes, muffler hangers has nearly tripled its revenue over the last five years.
Approximately 90% of the company's revenues come from Maruti Suzuki.

New domestic orders worth INR170 crores have been secured for hoses and anti-vibration
products, showing good growth in the coming new years. The Lohum Talbros joint venture
amnounced in H1 of FY26 marks our entry into ESG, advantage circular economy space
focused on recovered carbon black and devulcanized rubber.


With the RCB market growing at 35% CAGR and the devulcanized rubber growing at 10%
globally. This is a technology-led differentiated growth avenue for Talbros. The IV is expected
to commence operations from July to October 2

Exports remain a key pillar of our growth, contributing nearly one-fourth of our revenue this
year. We continue to see strong opportunities from global supply chain shifts, increasing
outsourcing by OEMs worldwide and India's growing position in manufacturing hub.

Recent trade developments with Europe and the UK. should further strengthen this
opportunity. While the West Asia war may lead to some temporary cost pressures, inquiries
remain strong, and we believe Talbros is well placed to navigate these challenges.

Coming to our capex. FY26 had a strong year in terms of new order wins. Over the last several
quarters, we've secured significant new businesses from both domestic and global OEMs as
well as EV platforms. In line with this growth visibility, we are going to invest INRS1 crores
in '26 and plan to invest about INR103 crores in '27.




                        Page 4 0f 16
                                                                   Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                           May 21, 2026

                FY27 and beyond. As we mentioned earlier, the company is now moving from a phase of
                order acquisition to execution. Our focus is on timely delivery, ramping up capacitics,
                ‘maintaining good global quality standards as we convert the strong order book into sustained
                revenue and profitability growth over the coming years. Our focus will be depending on
                decpening relationships with existing customers in India as well as overseas.

                We remain confident of delivering a 15% to 20% year-on-year growth in '27. The demand is
                still looking good in quarter 1 as I speak. and we are going to add capacities accordingly. Our
                focus will be to maintain EBITDA margins between 17% to 18% through product mix and
                operational leverage as well as cost management.

                As you all know, there are inflationary pressures that are coming our way, but we have to
                ‘manage that, and we'll try and pass on the cost to the customers.

                To further strengthened the company's organisation structure, we have appointed Ashish Gupta
                as the CEO of Talbros Automotive Components Limited. He previously served as the CEO of
                Marelli Talbros and brings over 35 years of experience actoss diverse industry.

                His career includes senior roles in India and international markets, including Germany and the
                CIS region with strong record in setting up and scaling up new plants and manufacturing
                operations. As I mentioned, his appointment marks an important step towards further
                strengthening and professionalizing the leadership team at Talbros Automotive Components
                Limited.


                Our philosophy of being one of the most hedged auto com players supplying across all vehicle
                segments, all powertrain types, including EV across domestic global markets puts us in a good
                position.

                With that, Id like to hand over the call to Mr. Juneja, who will take you through the financials.

Navin Juneja:   Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon, and a warm welcome to all the participants. As mentioned
                by Anuj, we are pleased to report a solid performance in Q4 of FY26, driven by both domestic
                and export demand across all our business segments.

                Consolidated financial performance for Q4 FY26.

                For Q4 FY26, revenue stood at INR241 crores as against INR211 crores in Q4 FY25. For Q4
                FY26, EBITDA stood at INR45 crores with a margin of 18.7%.


                Total revenue from operations for FY26 stood at INRS8 crores as against INRS4S crores in
                FY25, registering a growth of 5% on Y-0-Y basis. EBITDA for FY26 stood at INR155 crores
                as against INR147 crores in FY25. EBITDA margin remained healthy at 17.5%, reflecting the
                benefits of operational improvement, cost management initiatives and a better product mix.
                Profit after tax for FY26 stood at INR104 crores as against INRO4 crores in FY25, registering
                a healthy growth of 10% on a Y-0-Y basis.




                                         Page 5 0of 16
                                               Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                       May 21, 2026

Now coming to our division-wise performance. Now, I come to Gasket division. First, the
Gasket division in Q4 FY26, sales for this division stood at INR164 crores as against INR143
crores in Q4 of FY25 with a year-on-year increase of 15%. EBITDA for Q4 FY26 stood at
INR31 crores, which is up by 18% on a Y-0-Y basis. In FY26, Gasket sales stood at - saw a
growth of 7% and stood at INR595 crores as against INRS56 crores of FY25.

For FY26, the segment -- this segment saw EBITDA of INR105 crotes, which were up by 9%
on Y-o-Y basis. The Gasket division continued to perform strongly during the year, driven by
robust OEM demand, increased content per vehicle and higher contribution from premium and
export platforms.

Now coming to the Forging division. Revenue in Q4 of FY26 stood at INR76 crores as
against INR68 crores in Q4 of FY26, showing a growth of 11%. EBITDA stood at INR14
crores in Q4 FY26 as against INR13 crores in Q4 of FY25.

In FY26, the total revenue stood at INR295 crores as against INR290 crores in FY25. EBITDA
for FY26 stood at INRS1 crores as compared to INR52 crores for FY25, flattish EBITDA. The
company expects to continue the growth momentum in the coming quarters.

Now coming to the Marelli Talbros Chassis Systems. Revenue for Q4 FY26 stood at INR104
crores as against INR76 crores, a growth of 35%. EBITDA for Q4 FY26 stood at INR1S
crores, a growth of 32% on Y-0-Y basis. For FY26, the revenue stood at INR346 crores versus
INR285 crores, registering a growth of 21% on Y-o-Y basis. FY26 EBITDA stood at INRG2
crores as against INR46 crores, a growth of 35% on Y-0-Y basis. Marelli Talbros Chassis
System continued its growth trajectory supported by increased penetration with OEMs and
strong demand for chassis applications.

Now coming to our JV Talbros Marugo Rubber Private Limited. Revenue for this division
in Q4 of FY26 stood at INR42 crores as against INR34 crores, a giowth of 24% on Y-0-Y
basis. EBITDA for this division stood at INR6 crores in Q4 FY26, which was up by 28% on
Y-0-Y basis.

Revenue stood at INR147 crores in FY26 as against INR130 crores, a growth of 13%. FY26

EBITDA stood at INR19 crores, up by 14% on Y-o-Y basis. Talbros Marugo also delivered

healthy growth during the year with improved operational efficiency and stronger customer
engagement.

Geopolitical tensions in the West Asia region led to an increase in raw material and freight
costs. The ongoing situation may also result in temporary shipment delays and supply chain
disruptions across certain export matkets.

The company continues to maintain a healthy balance sheet while investing in future growth
opportunities through capacity expansion, ~technological enhancement and product
diversification. With a strong order pipeline, healthy demand outlook and continued focus on
exccution excellence, the company remains confident of sustaining growth momentum going
forward.



                        Page 6 0f 16
                                                                        Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                                May 21, 2026

                     Thank you. This is all from my side. Now, I open the floor for questions and answer. Thank
                     you.


Moderator:           Thank you. The first question is from the line of Anubhav Mukherjee from Prescient Capital.
                     Please go ahead.

Anubhav Mukherjee:   AmT yes?

Navin Juneja:        Alittle louder. Yes, you're yes.

Anubhav Mukherjee:   Is this better?


Navin Juneja:        No, it's cracking. It's coming very, very high pitch.

Anubhav Mukherjee:   Sir, s this better now?

Navin Juneja:        It's better now.


Anubhav Mukherj      Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is that if I look at the, like, order wins
                     declared in our investor presentations over last three financial years, it seems that you've
                     declared order wins of almost like close to INR4,000 crores. But the revenue growth over last -
                     - since FY24 has not been in line with that kind of order win.


                     And I understand that some ofthe issues, has been with like international OEMs and European
                     OEMs. But apart from these external issues, were there some other factors like internal factors,
                     because of which like the order win has not like converted into the kind of revenue growth?


Navin Juneja:        Yes, I can tell you for that. If we come to the exact order book, in '23, 24, we declared an
                     annual order book of INR326 crores. Okay, total five-year now while peak volume order book
                     of INR326 crores, EBITDA 5 years, out of which we have delivered in last year INR27 crores.

                     So if you multiply by five, it will be that.

                     In 126, we have generated revenue of INRS1 crores from that order per annum. Again, we
                     declare a five year - in '24, 125, we declared INR431 crores order book for a period of five
                     years, out of which in ‘25, 126, we, I think, built around INR37 crores out of that.

                     And the order book we announced last 1.5 years, major order of chassis division of INR1,000
                     crores, EV orders of European customers that got delayed. Now, majority of which is coming
                     into production in the current financial year.

                     Our INR1,000 crores order for chassis, for Stellantis is coming in the month of June. This year,
                     we are expecting that was for five years INR150 crores order per annum, out of which we will
                     deliver a INR100 crores in this financial year.


                     Second order was for our European car manufacturer for EV vehicles, which got delayed.
                     Initially, they said they will make 100% vehicle EV, but now they are doing 50/50. So that
                     order supply will start from the month of September. The U.S. vehicle has been established.


                                               Page 7 0of 16
                                                                       Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                               May 21, 2026

                     Third order is for our business for our Heat Shield business, majority of INR100 crores order
                     for our Korean car manufacturers. That order has started, which is around INR20 crores per
                     annum.


                     And the fourth order, which we announced last year for our Forging division of INR500
                     crores. That order commercialization will start from October. This is a broad, broad thing I can
                     tell you. So things are happening. Its delayed one year here and there. Last year, we were
                     expecting this order to commercialize. They didn't commercialize, because of reason ABCD.
                     Now, I think that pain is over and now we are back on track.


Anubhav Mukherjee:   Great. S, just a small follow-up to understand this better. What will be your current total
                     order book outstanding across different businesses, like that will be helpful.

Navin Juneja:        The order which we declare on the basis of the volume projected by the OE customer, first of
                     all. Whether, let say, 2 lakh vehicles per annum, 1 lakh vehicles per annum, we assume that
                     number. But going to peak, it will take two, three years. First year, they will take 50% then
                     60%. Sometimes they will not pick after 70%, 80%. They will - for costing purpose, they will
                     show us the value.


                     Its very, very difficult to -- I can say that by the end of this year, 70% order will be
                     commercialized, our total order book


Anubhav Mukherjee:   Get it.


Navin Juneja:        Order commercialized, the new order comes then it goes like that. It's a continuous process
                     very difficult to track, because lot -- some are very, very small orders, very difficult to track
                     cach and every. We track only the big orders.

Anubhav Mukherjee:   Get it. And sir, that now Mr. Ashish Gupta is like transitioned into CEO for the overall
                     Company. Can you give us a like sense of like what will be his key like KPIs and focus areas
                     for the company that will be helpful?

Navin Juneja:        He has just joined a month back. And give him some time. We will come out with this KPI,
                     eteetera, not on the call. I think we will meet and tell you the KPIs target. We will try to show
                     you what our outlook he is having for the Company for next five years before Diwali, I think
                     s0. We need to wait till then. He's working on that.

Anubhav Mukherj      Thanks sir. That will be helpful. And just final question before I get back in the queue. Sir, I
                     was looking at the capex plan for the MTCS JV. And it seems that the capex plan amounts
                     have been reduced compared to what we declared like end of last financial year. So am I
                     reading that correctly or like?

Navin Juneja:        Right. You're right. We were first planning to have our Gujarat facility in the current financial
                     year. Now with the order we have received on Maruti and Tata Motors. So accordingly, the
                     SOP will start on later date, so we will — the capex of Gujarat will be now be shifted to 27,
                     '28. That's the only reason.



                                              Page 8 0f 16
                                                                         Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                                 May 21, 2026

Anubhav Mukherjee:   Okay...

Navin Juneja:        All we will start looking for the place in the third quarter, and next year, it will be online.

Anubhav Mukherjee:   Thanks.

Navin Juneja:        Thank you.

Moderator:           Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaushal Shah from Dhanki Securities. Please
                     go abead.

Kaushal Shah:        Yes. Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. Sir, just in continuance to the last question, you also
                     mentioned that we have won orders in the stand-alone business, the gaskets and ceiling and
                     forgings. And you also spoke about the commercialization. So this year, compared to last year,
                     should we see a double-digit kind of a top line growth in our stand-alone businesses?


Navin Juneja:        Yes, sir. Definitely, we will get a double-digit growth. Yes, sir. Because some orders, which
                     are commercialized, at least INRGO crores, INR70 crores new billing will happen from new
                     part numbers, minimum.

Kaushal Shah:        So that includes both the gasket and sealing as well as forgings or it s just one...?

Navin Juneja:        The forging commercialization will start from October. So this year, only 20% will come. Next
                     year, full will come. That's why we are increasing capex of INRS0 crores for that business.

Kaushal Shah:        Correct. Okay. Okay. And on the margins front, sir, for the last financial year, we have been
                     able to hold our margins. But how do you see the current year given that there are input cost
                     pressures also. So how do you see the direction there?

Navin Juneja:        We will be able to maintain the margin. I just want request investors, don't look at quarterly
                     margins. Wait for the year, because when we launch the prices increase, we have launched
                     with the customers, sometimes it takes one month, sometimes three months to settle. So we

                     will recover everything.

                     Majority of price increases we will recover, because we have a proprietary product, and we
                     have arrangement with all the OE customers, whether on the exchange front or on the metal
                     front, the raw material front. We get the price increase or decrease, whatever it is. But request
                     is look at the top line, don't look the margins moving here and there doesn't make a difference.
                     At the end, we will be there.


Kaushal Shah:        Right, right. And sir, if you can throw some more color on the capex front, how much are we
                     spending this year, and if you can split it into the stand-alone business as well as the associate
                     companies and for the next year?

Navin Juneja:        So next year, I will not comment now. I will comment only for this year, because this is
                     confirmed. Next year is - we will work it out at the end of third quarter. So this year, we are
                     expecting to invest INR16 crores capex in Gasket and Heat Shield, primarily for the new
                     business, plus the new business we are expecting from Cummins USA and      to take growth of--

                                                Page 9 0of 16
                                                                  Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                          May 21, 2026

                we will be able to maintain that - because the capex is not very, very heavy in this business.
                Asset turnover ratio is 3 plus.

                In the forging, we will put a capex of INR60 crores for the new business of Marelli, we
                discussed on INR9O crores plus other businesses of DANA and GKN. Out of which INR45

                crores to INR47 crores is for the plant and equipment, balance s for the infrastructure, okay?

                We need to have more infrastructure, line, power line, etcetera, etcetera. Is that I think it will
                be enough to take us forward for the whole Marelli business of INR90 crores, we can do from
                this capex, plus new businesses of INR15 crores, INR20 crores, we can do from this capex.

                Now, coming to Marelli. Marelli, we are expecting to do a capex of around INR20 crores,
                because we need to add more machines for our European customers balance. Stellantis
                business capex already incurred. We need ot to do any other further capex. Only the business
                of European car manufacturers, which is we will do capex for that.

                And Gujarat capex we'll do in 27, '28. And Marugo will do a capex of around INR7 crores,
                which is required for basically plant and equipment because their machines are not very, very
                expensive. So that will end up for us. And I think this whole capex will be completed by
                September, October before that. I think 25% already we have done out of this.

Kaushal Shah:   Thank you, sir. I will join back in the queue.

Navin Juneja:   Okay.

Moderator:      Thank you. The next question is from the line of Subhash Gate from Choice Equity Broking.
                Please go ahead.

Subhash Gate:   Yes. Sir, can you hear me?

Navin Juneja:   Yes.

Subhash Gate:   So sir, actually, more of the questions are already answered. So one of the question is that like
                what will we drive the aspiration growth target of something around 18% to 20%? And is this
                going to be a purely organic?

Navin Juneja:   Can you repeat the question, please?

Subhash Gate:   Yes. So what will we drive the aspirational growth target of 18% to 20% going ahead? And it
                is going to be a purely organic growth or something inorganic growth are going to increase?

Navin Juneja:   So I'm talking about organic growth reason how can we amive at that? I will talk about
                consolidated basis. I will not talk business to business. Last year, we closed as a consolidated
                group turnover of INR1,383 crores, okay, INR1,383 crores.

                The new business, which is already commercialized and go commercial in the month of June
                and October, is around INR150 crores to INR160 crores. That will come in here. So it will




                                        Page 10 of 16
                                                                   Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                           May 21, 2026

                give me a growth of 11%, 12% by new business. Balance is for the economy to grow by 6%,
                7%, it will come.

Subhash Gate:   Okay. Got it.

Navin Juneja:   Okay. Thank you.

Subhash Gate:   Thank you, sir.

Moderator       Thank you. The next question is from the line of Smitesh from Raedan Capital. Please go
                ahead.

Smitesh:        Hello.


Navin Juneja:   Yes.


Smitesh:        Hi sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, I just wanted
                                                                        to confirm you have said 16% to 20%
                revenue growth for FY27. Is that correct?


Navin Juneja:   Yes. It is correct.


Smitesh:        Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much, sir.

Navin Juneja:   Thank you.

Moderator:      Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shikha Mchta from Time & Tide Advisors.
                Please go ahead.

Shikha Mehta:   Hello, sir. AmI yes?

Navin Juneja:   Yes, you are yes, Shikha.

Shikha Mehta:   Congratulations on the great set of numbers. I just had a few questions. One is on the Forging
                division. Have we seen margin compression this quarter in Forging division, because revenue
                grew at 11% and EBITDA grew at 3%. So I'm trying to understand what happened there? And
                can you also help us understand what the way forward is in specifically in the Forging
                division?


Navin Juneja:   As you're aware, in the Forging division, all the raw materials increase-decrease is passed on to
                our customers and we reset the exchange rate up every quarter. Okay? There was a price in the
                month of July, August last year. We didn't pass on the price decrease to a customer, saying that
                the volume is not coming, etcetera, etcetera, because now we have to pass on that price
                decrease to the customer from Ist of January.

                Secondly, with the exchange going haywire, I know in rupee depreciated a lot, we have to reset
                the prices as of 1st January. So the initial benefit we are getting for last two, three, four months
                was passed on to a customer, not fully, but okay, 60%, 70% passed on. That's why this quarter



                                        Page 11 of 16
                                                                    Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                            May 21, 2026

                little margin is under pressure. But going forward, it's fine, because we have passed quarters
                also in this quarter.

Shikha Mehta:   Understood. So I mean, ifI try to make some sense of that if forging margins are to come back
                to somewhat semblance of normalcy, then overall, we can deliver, if not the same better
                ‘margins as well as the group entity. Would that be the right way to look at it?

Navin Juneja:   Yes, it will come back, ma'am. It will come back in one or two quarters, you can sce that.

Shikha Mehta:   Understood. And sit, in our last conference call — somry, in our conference call of Q2, we had
                mentioned that a few orders would start from Jan and have been deferred, I think Carraro, Kia
                and Cummins. So can you give me guidance on that? Have we started that in Jan? Or has that
                further been deferred to Q1 of FY27?


Navin Juneja:   Ma'am, first order of Kia is started from the month of February, small volumes, okay? Now,
                this year it will be full post from 1st April, no issue. Second order of Cummins chances are
                that first post January whatever it was delayed by one year. Now it will be -- now production
                has started on that order and first billing will be done for the month of June. Okay?


                Now, there are two major orders. Of course, Cummins order. third order of JLR, of course, it
                got delayed. Now the billing will start from September. That is a major order I'm talking about.

Shikha Mehta:   Okay. Understood. So again, broadly listening to what you've been saying, maybe H2 for us
                will be significantly better than H1. Is that the right way to see it?

Navin Juneja:   Of course, it will be better. Quarter 1, top line should be in line with last quarter, should be.


Shikha Mehta:   Okay. And sir, lastly, on Cummins, I'm sorry — I think your voice dropped a bit. Did you
                ‘mention something?

Navin Juneja:   T couldn't get you. I couldn't get you.

Anuj Talwar:    Cummins order - Cummins order are yet to come. So the orders you already announced that
                they are already here. Cummins some are trickling in as well.

Navin Juneja:   Yes.


Shikha Mehta:   Allight. Okay.

Moderator:      Thank you. The next question is from the line of Athul Joby from Prosperity Wealth
                Management. Please go ahead.

Athul Joby:     Yes. Hello, sir. AmI yes?

Navin Juneja:   Yes.

Athul Joby:     Sir, on the last eamings call, you mentioned that we will be able to achieve INR 1,100 crores
                top line in FY27. So are we sticking to that number?


                                        Page 12 of 16
                                                                     Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                             May 21, 2026

Navin Juneja:   Wait, what we said, what we said, we will top line of?

Athul Joby:     INR1,100 crores.

Navin Juneja:   I couldn't get you yet.

Athul Joby:     Yes, top line of INR1,100 crores.

Navin Juneja:   Yes. This year, we should be able to cross INR1,000 crores.

Athul Joby:     Okay. Also on the margin side, we'll be able to...

Navin Juneja:   We are targeting for crossing INR1,000 crores this year, definitely.

Athul Joby:     Okay. So also on the margin side, will we be able to maintain the current EBITDA margin
                range going forward in FY27 also?

Navin Juneja:   17% definitely.

Athul Joby:     Okay. Yes. That's all from my side. Thank you, sir.

Moderator:      Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipen Shah from Six Senses. Please go
                ahead.

Dipen Shah:     Thank you for the opportunity. Am I yes?

Navin Juneja:   Yes yes, Dipen.

Dipen Shah:     Congrats on a good set of numbers, sir. Just had one question. Over the past couple ofyears,
                we have been seeing that the company has got a good number of orders in domestic as well as
                in the export market. So could you just give us some more color on when you get orders in the
                export market from established OEMs, what is your right to win?

                And in the sense that what's the USP, which you have, because of which you're either able to
                substitute existing vendors or maybe get new orders for new products? So maybe some more
                color on some qualitative aspects on why are you winning those new orders? And what do you
                expect going ahead?

Navin Juneja:   Number one. Sir, number one, every OEM has a cost pressure overseas. The costs are haywire
                and the companies are under debt or whatever you are saying the cost is very, very heavy. So,
                they were looking for making India, because India is — because every all bigger OEMs have an
                IPO here, intemationally purchasing office here. So we have an experience of handling all
                these big OEM customers.

                So through IPO, sometimes through shows and sometimes do personal meetings, they give us
                an opportunity. There are two things, but I providing in the same or better quality as compared
                existing vendor. Some of the existing vendors business came to us, The vendor went bankrupt.



                                          Page 13 of 16
                                                                   Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                           May 21, 2026

                And as a result, they were demanding advanced money for buying raw material, then we will
                supply. Okay?

Dipen Shah:     Okay.

Navin Juneja:   Yes. This has practically happened with one or two vendors of big OEM. Yes. They got a
                money. They said give us money. After COVID this problem escalated in a major way. So
                they bankrupt, and now they want the amount to get rid of it. They came to us and we gave a
                solution. We are supplying to them at a 15%, 20% at a cheaper price.

                The same thing, they have to depend on us with a single source. They have to maintain
                inventory. We have to maintain inventory. That pain is there. But the only thing they realize
                that the cost saving is coming, drastically cost savings is coming, because they need to
                compete with China, etcetera.

                They want like vehicles, Chinese vehicles, they need to compete. They want to bring their cost
                down. So that is a major, I think advantage we have over that. And plus customer relationship
                also there. So that everything because our financial strength, everything.

Dipen Shah:     Okay, sir. Got it.

Anuj Talwar:    Talso like to add to what Navin said. I think customer engagement at every level, whether it is
                my level, whether it is CEO's level, whether it is the business development person’s level and
                quality and cost is definitely the main mantra for this and also China Plus One. But customer
                engagement at all levels.

                I mean you have -- we have rosters for all our business development people to travel to Europe
                of the world, the UK. of the world, Americas of the world, keep engaging, constantly.
                Whenever you go to meet an OEM, if he's happy with you, he don't give you one part number,
                he’ll give you 10 part numbers. So that matters a lot as well at every level.

Dipen Shah:     Okay. And the recent FTAs with UK. and EU, will that help us in any....?

Anuj Talwar:    Not affecting. Not affecting components really, no.

Dipen Shah:     Not affecting. Okay. Thanks. And the last question is, didI hear you correctly, Mr. Juneja, that
                the first quarter number should be similar to the fourth quarter? Did you mention that?

Navin Juneja:   Top line. Top line, I'm talking about.

Dipen Shah:     Top line. Okay, sir. Thank you very much and all the very best, sir. Thank you.

Navin Juneja:   As of today, I can say that it should be around that.

Dipen Shah:     Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much.

Moderator:      Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neil from Equitree Capital. Please go ahead.


                                        Page 14 of 16
                                                                  Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                          May 21, 2026

Neil:           Hello. AmI audible, sir?

Navin Juneja:   Yes.


Neil:           So they've been saying that the JV's have been performing really well. And I guess in the past
                one year, they have been doing the heavy lifting for the Talbros. So, going ahead, do you have
                any guidance for both the JV's?

Navin Juneja:   Yes. Next year, I'm expecting Marelli maybe should to grow between 35% to 40% and Marugo
                should be around 15%. This is the top line guidance.

Neil:           T beg your pardon, 15% for Marugo?

Navin Juneja:   Yes, 15% - around 15% from Marugo and Marelli should be between 35% to 40%.

Neil:           Okay. Sir, T have another question. In your presentation, you mentioned that among the top 10
                customers, Maruti contributes around 20%.


Navin Juneja:   Yes.


Neil:           And second is Tata Motors that s around 9%. So my apprehension is that don't you think this
                could lead to like a customer concentration risk for the business that Maruti s contributing the
                maximum?


Anuj Talwar:    Yes. Go ahiead, Navin. I'll answer after you.

Navin Juneja:   Amuj, hello?

Anuj Talwar:    Yes, I was just saying I just want to make a point. If you look at peer comparison, most peer
                comparisons - 90% peer of ours are dependent 60% to 65% on a customer. Now, the reason
                you see Maruti 20% is because the Indian passenger vehicle industry has really taken a boom
                in the last six to eight months and the car content per vehicle from our joint venture is much
                higher and the heatshield is also going up. So it's very, very healthy. I's not a problem at all.

                It's still a very, very hedge portfolio. 20% is very, very healthy. T mean people at 60%, 65%,
                we should be worried about them, because we are pulling. And also don't forget, exports we
                are talking about will reach 30% in the next one or two years. So you'l see ratios changing. So
                T'm not worried about that at all.


Navin Juneja:   My components from all divisions are going in Maruti. That's the one reason in rupee term
                share is high, rupee terms per component contribution in Maruti is very high, maximum in
                Maruti per vehicle contribution, because chassis goes there, heat shiclds goes there, Marugo,
                all products go there. All the divisions putting products goes there, except forgings.

Neil:           Okay, sir. Thank you.

Moderator:      Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amuj
                Talwar for closing comments.

                                        Page 15 of 16
                                                                 Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                         May 21, 2026

Anuj Talwar:    Well, thank you all for joining the conference. We are proud of our achievements of quarter 4
                last year and the year ending. We are confident of quarter 1 being strong, as Navin mentioned.
                We are strong in our order acquisition. At the same time, there are inflationary pressures, not
                only for us, but across the country, across segments, across industries, but we'll make sure we
                ‘manage them and deliver a better performance than the past. Thank you so much.

Navin Juneja:   Thank you.

Moderator:      Thank you. On behalf of Talbros Automotive Components Limited, that concludes this
                conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.




                                       Page 16 of 16
