                                                    www.talbros.com




                                                                                                                      13t August, 2025

    Listing Department                                                      Listing Department
    BSE Limited                                                             National Stock Exchange of India Limited
    Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                               Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, G Block
    Dalal Street                                                            Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
    Mumbai —400 001                                                         Mumbai —400 051

    Scrip Code: 505160                                                      Symbol: TALBROAUTO

   Sub: Submission of Q1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call Transcript

   Dear Sir/ Ma’am,

   Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
   and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Q1 FY’26
   Earnings Conference Call Transcript.

   The same will also be available on the website of the Company at https:/www.talbros.com/ .

   This is for your information and record.

   Thanking you,

   Yours Sincerely
   For Talbros Automotive Components Limited
   SEEMA Digitally signed by
          SEEMA NARANG

   NARANG Date: 2025.08.13
          17:25:12 +05'30'

   Seema Narang
   Company Secretary & Compliance Officer

   Encl.: As above




regd. Office : 14/1, mathura road, faridabad-121003 haryana, india . ph: + 91 129 2275434/35/36/37 . fax : +91 129 2277240, 2272263 . e-mail: talbros@talbros.com
                                                                CIN : L29199HR1956PLC033107
         “Talbros Automotive Components Limited
             Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call”
                               August 08, 2025


   E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio
     recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 8th August 2025 will prevail




MANAGEMENT: MR. ANUJ TALWAR – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR –
            TALBROS AUTOMOTIVE COMPONENTS LIMITED

                    MR. NAVIN JUNEJA – DIRECTOR AND GROUP CHIEF
                    FINANCIAL OFFICER – TALBROS AUTOMOTIVE
                    COMPONENTS LIMITED




                                       Page 1 of 11
                                                                   Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                         August 08, 2025




Moderator:     Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Talbros Automotive Components Limited
               Q1 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
               only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation
               concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by
               pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being
               recorded.


               I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Talwar, Joint Managing Director. Thank you, and
               over to you, sir.


Anuj Talwar:   Thank you so much. Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to our quarter 1 results
               earnings call. On the call, I'm joined by Mr. Navin Juneja, our Director on the Board, our Group
               CFO. Also, we have SGA on the call with us, our IR Advisors from Mumbai. The results and
               the presentation have been uploaded on the stock exchange.


               Let me begin with the industry overview. In quarter 1 FY '26, the Indian automotive industry
               recorded a muted performance in the domestic market with the 2-wheelers and the PV segment
               not doing good and the tractor segment, along with EV vehicles have done better in the quarter,
               but obviously, they're a much smaller base.


               Overall volumes declined by 5.1% year-on-year. The commercial vehicle space, where today
               Talbros is a large player, saw a muted growth, posting a 1% decline year-over-year in this
               segment. While price increase by OEMs provided some support, the demand remains soft,
               particularly in small commercial vehicle categories.


               Electric vehicles, on the other hand, continue to perform strong during the quarter. The segment's
               momentum was supported by an increasing consumer acceptance, a broader product availability
               and improving charging infrastructure. That said, the pace of growth moderated compared to
               previous quarters, mainly due to phased reduction of government subsidies, which affected the
               price competitiveness and the consumer affordability.


               The 2-wheeler and the 3-wheeler segment remains subdued with volumes declining by around
               2% Y-o-Y. This softness is largely attributed to an ongoing inventory correction by OEMs and
               weak demand for entry-level bikes, especially those focused on fuel efficiency.


               Despite the near-term challenges, the industry outlook remains cautiously optimistic, supported
               by expectation of a strong festive season, above normal monsoons, which could help revive the
               rural demand. What we have seen and spoken to our OEMs in the domestic sector and export,
               they say that quarter 2 will be better than quarter 1 and quarter 3 definitely will be far better than
               the previous quarters.


               Coming to company performance. In the first quarter of FY '26, Talbros delivered a steady and
               resilient performance, navigating through persistent macroeconomic challenges, a broadly


                                        Page 2 of 11
                                                                  Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                        August 08, 2025

                subdued demand environment in the auto sector and a slowdown in the export activity. Despite
                these headwinds, the company achieved a marginal 1% year-on-year increase and the total of
                income from operations reaching INR211 crores. This growth, though modest, reflects the
                company's stable operational execution.


                EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR35 crores, EBITDA margins at 16.5%, which tells you that
                no matter if the growth goes down, we work a lot on our operational efficiencies and economies
                of scale and continue to give you good margins. Our exports were strong. So that's a good
                product mix. So thereby, the net profit grew year-by-year by 8% to INR22 crores.


                The quarter also highlighted the resilience of Talbros' diversified business model. While the
                Forging segment faced a marginal decline due to its export orders and a delay in projects that
                had to be executed by OEMs worldwide, the company's joint ventures did decently well.


                Marelli Talbros and Talbros Marugo JV delivered a robust EBITDA growth of 30% and 26%,
                respectively, driven by an increased focus on value-added and technology-driven products. On
                the exports front, revenue from international markets contributed to 28% of the income for the
                quarter, showing our consistent effort to increase exports.


                Within the export mix, the UK accounted for 56%, followed by Europe -- excluding UK at 27%
                and the U.S. only at 13%. USA contributes to about 3% of the total revenue. This well-
                diversified geographical spread over Talbros is a natural hedge against region-specific risks,
                including the recent tariff-related developments between U.S. and India.


                At the moment, we are continually looking to expand our exports to more countries as we speak.
                TACL continues to maintain a balanced revenue mix across OEMs, aftermarket and export
                markets, which again provides a natural hedge. The company secured orders worth INR580
                crores during the quarter.


                These orders span across different product categories, geographies, highlighting customers'
                preference for Talbros' capabilities. While fluctuations in the market will demand continue to
                pose challenges, Talbros is committed from shifting from pure acquisition focused efforts to
                efficient execution.


                This is crucial to translating our strong order pipeline into a sustained revenue growth. Looking
                ahead, Talbros remains firmly aligned to its long-term strategy. The company will continue to
                deepen its relationship with OEMs. We are in discussions with OEMs other than the existing
                ones in our country to get more business from them, expand our EV component offerings and at
                the same time, increase exports as well. That's all from my side.


                Before I pass on the call to Mr. Juneja, I would like to say that our company is looking at a
                stronger quarter 2 than quarter 1. And at the same time, quarter 3 seems to be very bullish
                because a lot of our order books, which have been delayed due to execution by OEMs, will come
                into berthing. Thank you, and I pass on the call to Mr. Juneja.


Navin Juneja:   Thank you, Anuj. Good morning, and a warm welcome to all the participants. Let me begin with
                the financial overview. Total revenue for Q1 FY '26 stood at INR211 crores as against INR209


                                         Page 3 of 11
                                                                  Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                        August 08, 2025

                crores in Q1 of FY '25, which is a relatively flattish growth. EBITDA for Q1 FY '26 stood at
                INR35 crores as against INR35 crores of the -- in the last year of Q1 FY '25. EBITDA margin
                stood at 16.5%. PAT for Q1 FY '26 stood at INR22 crores, as against INR21 crores in Q1 of FY
                '25, a growth of 8% on Y-o-Y basis.


                Now coming to the division-wise performance. In the Gasket division, in Q1 FY '26, sales for
                the Gasket division stood at INR135 crores as against INR133 crores of Q1 of FY '25, a moderate
                2% growth on Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA for Q1 of FY '26 stood at INR22 crores, which is a growth
                of 5% as compared to the same period of last year.


                Coming to the Forging division. Revenue for Q1 FY '26 was INR75 crores, which has remained
                a little flattish, primarily because of the export demand little subdued European market where
                our major customers are there. EBITDA stood at INR13 crores in Q1 FY '26, which is slightly
                a degrowth as compared to last year, but as Anuj told you that we will recover this in the second
                quarter.


                For Magneti Marelli Chassis Systems Private Limited, revenue for Q1 FY '26 stood at INR73
                crores as against INR69 crores, a growth of 6% on Y-o-Y basis. EBITDA for Q1 of FY '26 stood
                at INR13 crores, a growth of 30% on Y-o-Y basis.


                Now coming to the Talbros Marugo Rubber Private Limited. Revenue for Marugo Rubber
                business in Q1 of FY '26 was at INR30 crores, a slight degrowth as compared to last year because
                of the delay in launches by Maruti of EV vehicle. EBITDA stood at INR4 crores in Q1 of FY
                '26 as against INR3 crores in Q1 of FY '25, a growth of 26% on Y-o-Y basis.


                We are dedicated to creating superior value for our customers through highly -- high-quality
                products offered at a competitive price. We aim to consistently increase and exceed customer
                expectations, while building trusted long-term relationship with our stakeholders through
                operational excellence.


                And this is from our side, and we would like to open the floor to question and answers. Thank
                you.


Moderator:      Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
                is from the line of Shikha Mehta from Time and Tide Advisors.


Shikha Mehta:   Congratulations on a decent set of numbers given the situation. I just had a few things I wanted
                to understand. I think in Q4, we mentioned that we would see a better FY '26 than FY '25 because
                there was a delay of certain orders. Are we still holding good on that guidance?


Navin Juneja:   Yes, we are still hopeful that -- irrespective of what has happened in the first quarter and what
                is happening in U.S., etcetera, we are still hopeful that we'll achieve a double-digit growth in
                this financial year.


Shikha Mehta:   So would that be -- are we hoping to be closer to 20%? Or are we expecting...?


Navin Juneja:   No, no, 20% ma'am. No, I never said 20% in last call also. I said around 15%.


                                          Page 4 of 11
                                                                     Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                           August 08, 2025

Shikha Mehta:   No, no. I was asking if it's double digit -- okay.


Navin Juneja:   No, no, no. Double-digit growth start from 10% onward, ma'am.


Shikha Mehta:   Right. Okay. And secondly, I wanted to understand, we've already done a lot to improve our
                margins to 16.5%. Are we hopeful that we can improve this further? Or is this something that
                can be sustainable for...


Navin Juneja:   No. Ma'am, it will be improved further. When the top line goes up, it will be improved,
                definitely. Don't see first one quarter, wait for the year. We will deliver good results. I'm quite
                hopeful at this moment.


Shikha Mehta:   Understood. And another thing, sir, I wanted to understand was we -- like we mentioned, there's
                been a slight slowdown for a while now in the CV segment, but a lot of reports are suggesting
                that green shoots are starting to be visible in that sector. So do we have any outlook on CV as a
                segment for us?


Navin Juneja:   So of course, you are right. It was -- June was very slow. July was also slow in CV segment. But
                with the festive season, we can expect some uptick in this CV sector. We are expecting -- and
                plus we have new product launches in the CV segment. Of course, it will take care of better
                growth for us in the CV segment.


Shikha Mehta:   Understand. And lastly, sir, on the forging side, historically, forging has been a segment of high
                growth for us. I understand the last 2 quarters have been a little muted. But how can one look at
                the whole year? And what is our expectation? And if you could also help us understand what
                has happened because of which we're seeing muted growth?


Navin Juneja:   So ma'am, first of all, muted growth is because -- last time I told you that because of the BMW
                delay, schedule came down, but now it has been recovering. And every quarter, you can see a
                better performance on that front. Plus new products launches, which are expected from OE
                customers, have been a little delayed by 1 or 2 months. Of course, it will be also be there.


                In this quarter, 1 or 2 -- 1 press, I think -- 1 or 2 press got breakdown for 3 weeks. And I think 1
                press got breakdown for 3 weeks, 1 press got breakdown for 2 weeks. And we lost order of
                approximately INR2 crores to INR3 crores because of that. But it will be -- we will recover in
                this quarter. All presses are online now or recovered. So you can see a better growth as compared
                to first quarter and second quarter. By the year-end, I'm expecting this division should be around
                INR325 crores.


Shikha Mehta:   Understood. And in Q2, are we expecting to see year-on-year growth as well? I understand
                quarter-on-quarter will be better...


Navin Juneja:   The quarter-on-quarter because last year, first 2 quarters were very good for the company and
                last 2 quarters were a little muted. This year, I think first 2 quarters will match last year, and then
                we can see a growth in the last 2 quarters because Anuj told in the speech also that new launch
                -- product launches we are expecting in third and fourth quarter.




                                            Page 5 of 11
                                                                     Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                           August 08, 2025

Shikha Mehta:   Third and fourth quarter. Understood sir. And lastly on the export...


Navin Juneja:   Don't see last year, see quarter-to-quarter. Yes.


Shikha Mehta:   Okay. And sir, lastly, on the export front, I think this quarter, we've done 28% of revenues.
                We've been targeting 35%. So any guidelines on when we can...


Navin Juneja:   Yes, yes, we are still -- no, U.S. is nothing for us -- for our group. For the group, it's only INR35
                crores -- INR38 crores, nothing. Whatever the new businesses we are getting is mostly in the
                European segment. The Stellantis business, which we are talking, is on track. It will start in the
                third quarter. Plus we are expecting more business in that division. Export business, I think we
                will announce within 1 or 2 months of that. So we are quite hopeful that we'll be able to touch
                near to 35%. We are still hopeful. Now we are 28% in this market. Yes.


Shikha Mehta:   Right. Sir, I think a year back, we had mentioned something with Russia as well. Did that
                materialize? Or are we working on that? Or is that currently shelf?


Navin Juneja:   No, no, we are working on that. Not directly Russia through other country, not directly. We're
                working. It will start in the third quarter...


Anuj Talwar:    Yes, it will.


Shikha Mehta:   Okay. And other than that, are we currently looking at any new geographies? Or this is our plan...


Anuj Talwar:    We're expanding Europe -- we're trying to expand Europe in a decent way.


Moderator:      The next question is from the line of Vishwanath from Prosperity Wealth Management.


Vishwanath:     So my first question was, over the last few quarters, the company's revenues have remained
                range bound. So while our margins have improved due to operational efficiencies, so do we see
                this revenue trend primarily because of the subdued market demand or because of our utilization
                levels being capped? And are we holding back on our capex because of the market demand as
                well? Can you clarify on that?


Navin Juneja:   Okay. What has happened, happened last 3 quarters. Some -- because of some customers have -
                - turmoil is happening in the whole world, you know that very well. And Indian market is also
                not supported in the last -- not performed really well, auto components I'm talking about. Auto
                market has been subdued also. So -- but we are quite hopeful and we have got orders -- sufficient
                orders to take the company forward. The orders -- some orders have been OE had delayed, that's
                fine, but now it has started coming into berthing.


                And we are capex -- there is no stoppage of capex. We are in the forging. We have recently
                ordered 1,600 tonne press, worth INR10 crores approximately. We are ordering another 4,000
                tonne press by the -- before this end of this calendar year. So we are -- orders are in hand, and
                we are hopeful that whatever the muted growth top line you have seen will improve in future
                quarters. Definitely, we have a look from third quarter onwards...




                                          Page 6 of 11
                                                                   Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                         August 08, 2025

Anuj Talwar:    Yes, I would like to add what Navin mentioned in our forging business, which we believe in a
                lot, the whole point of ordering a heavy-duty press like 4,000 is to get larger part numbers, larger
                value add, larger value with the same OEMs and new OEMs, which -- and they want it from us.
                And that shows you the commitment that we are putting in this business.


Navin Juneja:   All capex is on line.


Vishwanath:     Yes. So our capex plans are going as we planned.


Navin Juneja:   Yes, yes, we are not holding any capex.


Anuj Talwar:    This is a very short-term phenomenon. Automotive is a cyclical industry. It is not -- it goes
                through the ups and downs. We will see the uptick happening again from quarter 3, will get
                better. So just a short-term phenomenon. It's no cancellation of orders. It's a delay of orders.
                Like, for example, some of our OEMs in Europe or UK, right, they're launching some EV
                vehicles.


                We are doing a lot of work with them, but the car is delayed by 1 year. Now we've already put
                in the money. We have to wait. So a big brand name like Jaguar Land Rover can also get delayed
                by a year or so. So it's just a matter of time. And as we mentioned to you, we are looking at
                constantly adding new domestic customers as well as export.


Vishwanath:     Understood, sir. So my second question is regarding Marelli. So is the capex completed with
                regard to that? And are we still maintaining the 35%, 40% growth for Marelli? And we were
                also supposed to commence Maruti and Stellantis supply from that. So is that on track as well?


Navin Juneja:   Yes. To answer your question, capex is online. It has been incurred and some is -- and the process
                of being incurred. We are on track of it, and we expect the supply to be started from the third
                quarter onwards. We are on track of it. Everything is in line.


Vishwanath:     Got it. And my last question is with regard to the recent UK FTA. So how will we benefit from
                that?


Navin Juneja:   So it's too early to comment on that because nobody has understood what is in depth, sorry. But
                of course, it will be benefit for us if our customers like JLR, etcetera, and JCB is there. I don't
                know. I have no clear answer on that. Sorry.


Moderator:      The next question is from the line of Dipen from Sixth Senses.


Dipen:          Congrats for a good set of numbers given the circumstances. Congrats on all the new orders
                which we have got. I just had one question on the margins. Sir, we have increased margins
                substantially over the last 3 years because of indigenization and cost control.


                Going ahead, how do you see the margin picture? Like we have said that we should be able to
                improve margins in the current year also. Without giving the numbers, could you just give us
                some of the levers what you think will lead to either sustaining or improving the margins from
                the current levels?



                                         Page 7 of 11
                                                                    Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                          August 08, 2025

Navin Juneja:   Thank you, Dipen. Of course, our margin, we are trying to improve. With the increase in top
                line, the margins should automatically improve. Plus our focus on the export, we are targeting
                35% in -- by the next year-end. So I think with that, my margin will improve further because
                export business has good margins. And it's always there. It's always there. It has a good margin.


                But risk is also there, but doesn't make a difference to us. So we are hopeful that increase in top
                line and change our product mix and the metal prices are also stable, no more -- much
                movements happening. And we are still -- our exercise on localization is still on and it's not over.
                All these things will help me to improve my margin, but not 20%. It can improve by maximum
                1% here and there over a period of time.


Dipen:          Okay. Okay. Sir, and any further comments on your FY '27 target of revenues, which you had
                given?


Navin Juneja:   Revenue target last time I said it will be delayed by 6 to 9 months, maybe 10, 12 months because
                lot of uncertainty, anxiety has happened in the market, I don't know, which is -- both stuff has -
                - I don't know, it creates a confusion in the mind of the investors, including me, wherever I
                invest.


Anuj Talwar:    Like I mentioned to you, it is a cyclical industry. We've not lost orders. We're on track. This will
                come back. We've seen this cycle for so many years now in automotive. So it's not an issue. And
                like I told you, we're looking to add more OEMs in domestic market and export market. So if
                whatever is slowing down, let's -- we are not stopping. We are just adding. So the focus is there.
                Every division is working on just order acquisition and...


Navin Juneja:   And we are not coming down, sir. We are not coming down, not coming down.


Dipen:          Yes, yes sir. There is no complaint as such. Just wanted to get a view on how...


Navin Juneja:   Something is not beyond our control. If my OE customer, like Maruti EV has been delayed,
                magnet is not there. So I can't do anything on that, please. If my customer in UK has delayed his
                EV launch because there is a problem with the components, I can't do anything on that. But my
                order -- my sample are there passed, everything is passed. Everything is there. We have received
                the amount for that dies and tool, everything is there. Now it's -- whenever he give us a green
                signal, we will start.


Anuj Talwar:    I mean it's got delayed for like -- you can't imagine, it's delayed by almost a year, and I'm getting
                talking to the OEM another 3, 4 months delay. So it's something that it's beyond our control, but
                what we can do is tell our team, okay, fine, fastest guy on the site, let's look at 5 more customers,
                move in that direction.


Navin Juneja:   But it takes some time. We had some derails.


Moderator:      The next question is from the line of Yash from Equitree Capital.




                                          Page 8 of 11
                                                                       Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                             August 08, 2025

Yash:            Congratulations on the decent set of numbers. Sir, my question is in the previous call, you had
                 mentioned that the capex cost for FY '26 would be INR50 crores. So sir, what would be the peak
                 revenue that we can generate from that capacity?


Navin Juneja:    Sir, this capacity -- if I do INR50 crores capex, my forging can do around INR350 crores and
                 my gasket can touch INR600 crores, INR950 crores I can do.


Yash:            Got it, sir. Okay...


Navin Juneja:    But peak never happens because some business comes in, we work -- we don't work on peak.
                 We work on 85% of that, which should be achievable because every press has a different
                 component, product mix keep on changing.


Yash:            Correct. Got it. And sir, my second question is, sir, how are things shaping up with the new
                 clients such as M&M, as they are growing a little faster than the peers?


Navin Juneja:    Yes, yes. We are getting new business -- Anuj will speak to you.


Anuj Talwar:     Which customer?


Navin Juneja:    M&M, Mahindra...


Anuj Talwar:     I was with Mahindra & Mahindra about -- I think last week was -- I think last Tuesday to meet
                 their corporate procurement officers. We are increasing our foothold in Mahindra & Mahindra,
                 especially from our sealing division for heat shields. It will become a good decent double-digit
                 customer for us within the next couple of years. So we are very, very positive. We're getting
                 good business from Mahindra & Mahindra.


Navin Juneja:    Yes, we already orders in hand, but the vehicle whenever -- some programs are coming in third
                 quarter, some programs are effective from next year. So give me 1 year more, I will show you a
                 good growth in this business.


Moderator:       The next question is from the line of Kushal Shroff from KS Broking.


Kushal Shroff:   Sorry, I'm late for the call, if I'm repeating it. Is there more order pipeline visibility in the forging
                 and heat shield businesses considering your FY '27 growth targets of INR500 crores and INR700
                 crores, respectively?


Navin Juneja:    Yes, it is there. Please give me a couple of months, we'll come out with a new orders -- order
                 achievement. Give me a couple of months for that, we'll come out. It is -- the pipeline is there.
                 It is in pipeline. Some already come, but I want to announce a decent order book. I don't want
                 to announce small, small. So please wait for a couple of months.


Kushal Shroff:   Fair enough. I also have one more follow-up question. Given the slowdown in European demand
                 for the forgings businesses, are there new geographies or customer segments being targeted to
                 offset this impact?




                                           Page 9 of 11
                                                                    Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                          August 08, 2025

Navin Juneja:   No, no, sir, there is no slowdown of our -- because BMW happened, now it's on track. There is
                no slowdown from JCB, JLR and BMW is on track, plus we're adding more parts. So I don't
                foresee any export demand coming from Forging division. You will see a better figure in future
                quarters.


Moderator:      The next question is from the line of Prisha Rathi from NM Securities.


Prisha Rathi:   I have just one question. So in our Forging division, revenue remained flattish at INR75 crores
                due to muted European demand. What specific factors are impacting the European market? And
                how do you see recovery timelines?


Navin Juneja:   Ma'am, this flattish growth, I told you, we lost order of INR2 crores to INR3 crores due to the
                press breakdown, number one. Number two, BMW schedule, which was -- came down heavily
                because of the excess stock with them, plus demand coming down, has now been recovered.
                And new part numbers are being added in the third, fourth quarter. So it will -- I don't see this
                quarter, wait for the next quarter, you will see a growth in the top line and this export business
                also in this, in future quarters. This is a temporary phase. It's over now, ma'am.


Moderator:      The next question is from the line of Yug Modi from EP Capital.


Yug Modi:       Yes. Sir, I just had 2 questions. The Indian automotive industry saw a 5.1% volume growth --
                volume decline in Q1 FY '26. You maintained a stable revenue sir. Do you expect demand to --
                how do you expect the demand to evolve in the second half of the year, especially in our 2-
                wheelers and our PVs and CVs?


Navin Juneja:   We expect that demand to be improved a little bit because of festive, number one, because a lot
                of inventories were held by the customers and which is now, I think, coming down. And now
                they are again -- we can see the better schedules from the OE customers at this moment.


                That's why I'm saying that this quarter should be good for the PV segment and 2-wheeler because
                of the good monsoon, etcetera, and festive of Pongal, etcetera, coming. You know that all the
                festivals are coming and demand is going to be there for that, little better demand.


                Thirdly is CV. CV, I think from 1st July or 1st June, they have started the AC cabin. And that
                has a little bit old inventory lying with them. They are trying to push that. And with the new
                norms coming in force, it's -- a bit confusion is there. And I think the people are working on that.
                It will improve in a couple of months. Definitely, we are expecting the CV segment will come
                soon.


Moderator:      Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference
                over to the management for closing comments.


Anuj Talwar:    Well, thank you so much for attending the call. As mentioned to you that we have had a muted
                start to the year, but it will get better as the next quarters come into play with the festive demand
                around the corner and early Diwali. Thank you so much.


Navin Juneja:   Thank you.


                                        Page 10 of 11
                                                            Talbros Automotive Components Limited
                                                                                  August 08, 2025

Moderator:   Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Talbros Automotive Components Limited that
             concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.




                                   Page 11 of 11
