
[page 1]
 
 
Date: October 28, 2025 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of  India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol:  FABTECH Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Press Release 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing  Regulations”)  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) R egulations, 
2015 (“Listing  Regulation”) , we hereby enclose a copy of the Press Release titled “KP Group, in collaboration 
with Fabtech Group, announces a global alliance to build next-generation green infrastructure across the pharma, biotech, and 
healthcare sectors ”.   
 
The above can also be accessed on the website of the Company at the 
www.fabtechnologies.com   
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar  
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
 
 
Encl.: As mentioned above 
HEMANT 
MOHAN 
ANAVKAR
Digitally signed by 
HEMANT MOHAN 
ANAVKAR 
Date: 2025.10.28 
14:07:47 +05'30'

[page 2]
 
 
For immediate release  
KP Group, in collabora!on with Fabtech Group, announces a global a lliance to build next-
genera!on green infrastructure across the pharma, biotech, and healthcare sectors.  
Surat, India, October 28, 2025:  
KP Group, a leading renewable energy conglomerate through its ﬂagship companies, has entered into 
a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Fabtech Group to collab ora"vely develop and 
implement green energy powered life sciences projects globally. Under th is partnership, all such 
projects executed by Fabtech Group (conven"onal/s"ck-built) will b e powered by clean, renewable 
energy supplied by KP Group across the world.  
Under this strategic collabora"on, KP Group will provide and integrate s olar, wind, hybrid, Ba#ery 
Energy Storage System (BESS) and green hydrogen-based power solu"ons fo r Fabtech Group’s 
conven"onal, pharma, biotech and healthcare solu"ons. The ini"a"ve aims to create a new genera"on 
of sustainable, and low-carbon digital ecosystems - worldwide . 
Both groups will work together to design and deploy green-powered pilot and demonstra"on projects 
and explore commercial rollouts and global deployment opportuni"es fo r renewable-energy-based 
infrastructure. The partnership represents a signiﬁcant step towards carbon-neutral dig ital 
transforma"on and aligns with our commitment to sustainable infrastructure development.  
“This collabora!on marks another milestone in KP Group’s vision of drivin g sustainability through 
innova!on. By integra!ng our renewable energy capabili!es with Fabtech Group’s Life science projects, 
we aim to enable greener and more eﬃcient digital infrastructure for the future,”  said Dr. Faruk Patel, 
Founding Promoter KP Group . 
Commen"ng on the partnership, Mr. Aasif Ahsan Khan, Founding Promoter, Fabtech Group,  said, 
“Through this Partnership we are uni!ng renewable energy with our conven!onal turnke y solu!ons 
and innova!ons at scale. Together KP Group and Fabtech Group are r edeﬁning how global advance 
and life science facili!es are built – faster, cleaner and smarter.”  
“This partnership is not just a collabora!on; it’s a convergence of energy and innova!on”  
The MoU establishes a framework for both groups to jointly explore opportuni"es in India, the Middle 
East, and Africa, focusing on sustainability, digitalisa"on, and renewable-powered data infrastructure.  
This collabora"on reinforces the shared vision of KP Group and Fabtech Group in driving innova"on 
that bridges the renewable energy and Healthcare sectors, contribu"ng to the glo bal movement 
toward net-zero and sustainable growth.  
 
About KP Group  
Established in 1994, by Dr. Faruk G. Patel, KP Group has grown into a mul"-faceted conglomerate with 
core exper"se in renewable energy, infrastructure, and innova"on. Over the past three decades, the 
group has championed sustainability by spearheading transforma"ve projects  in wind, solar, hybrid 

[page 3]
 
 
energy, Ba#ery Energy Storage System (BESS) and green hydrogen, thereby con tribu"ng to India’s 
green energy mission. With a strong por%olio of renewable energy pr ojects, KP Group has earned a 
reputa"on as a trusted partner for companies commi#ed to reducing their carbon footprint. The group 
remains steadfast in its mission to contribute meaningfully to India’s energy transi"on while se&ng 
new benchmarks in the renewable energy sector.  
About Fabtech Group  
Fabtech Group is an interna"onal turnkey solu"ons provider for Lifesc iences, Healthcare, and 
cleanrooms for Advanced Technology sectors. With opera"ons across MENA and GCC. To gether 
suppor"ng the world’s transi"on toward sustainable, high-performance industrial ecosystems.  
 
Fabtech Technologies Limited  
Email: 
cs@fabtechnologies.com  
Phone: +91 226 554 0300  
Website: www.fabtechnologies.com    
 
