
[page 1]
 
 
Date: November 18, 2025 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of  India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol: FABTECH Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Press Release 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing  Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulation”), we hereby enclose a copy of the Press Release titled  “Clarification on Corporate Identity - 
Fabtech Technologies Limited & Fabtech Technologies Cleanrooms Limited are Separate Entities”. 
 
The above can also be accessed on the website of the Company at www.fabtechnologies.com  
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar  
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
 
Encl.: As mentioned above 

[page 2]
 
 
Clarification on Corporate Identity  
Fabtech Technologies Limited & Fabtech Technologies Cleanrooms Limited are Separate Entities 
 
Mumbai, November 18, 2025 
It has come to our attention that there is a misconception among investors and the public that Fabtech Technologies 
Limited (FTL) and Fabtech Technologies Cleanrooms Limited (FTCL) are the same company. We wish to clarify that both 
are distinct, independently listed entities operating under separate management and business models.  
 
Fabtech Technologies Limited (FTL) – (Listed on Main Board – NSE & BSE | FABTECH | INE0HF201011) 
FTL is an international turnkey life sciences infrastructure company, delivering start -to-finish pharmaceutical and 
biotech manufacturing solutions across 62 countries. The company integrates design, engineering, process systems, and 
validation to build GM P-compliant, energy -efficient, and contamination -controlled facilities,  that support 
pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and healthcare facilities worldwide.  
Fabtech Technologies Cleanrooms Limited (FTCL) – (Listed on BSE SME | FABCLEAN | INE0HSD01011) 
FTCL is an India-focused cleanroom infrastructure company, offering in-house manufactured modular partitions, HVAC, 
and MEP systems for pharma, biotech, semiconductor, and green energy sectors. With FM Global-certified solutions, FTCL 
ensures safety, compliance, and innovation in controlled-environment engineering. 
While both share the Fabtech legacy, FTL and FTCL function as independent entities within their respective domains.  
 


[page 3]
 
This document contains forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties, including economic, political, and 
regulatory factors that may cause actual results to differ materially. The Company  assumes no responsibility for actions 
based on these statements and undertakes no obligation to update them publicly. 
 
 
AKMIL Strategic Advisors Private Limited 
Mr. Milind Apte – Director 
milind@akmiladvisors.com 
+91 98209 41925 
www.akmiladvisors.com  
 
Disclaimer 
For Further Information Please Contact Corporate Communication Advisor 

