
[page 1]
 
 
 
Date: March 27, 2026 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of  India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol: FABTECH Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation of Appointment of Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria  as an Additional Non -Executive, 
Independent Director, Completion of Tenure of Ms. Aparna Narendra Sharma (Non -Executive & 
Independent Director) and Reconstitution of Board Committees. 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Require ments) Regulations 2015 
as amended (the “Listing Regulations”) 
i. Appointment of Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria (DIN: 10624643) as an Additional Non -Executive, 
Independent Director of the Company. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and  
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we would like to inform  you that  based on the 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors approved by 
passing a Circular Resolution  dated March 2 7, 2026, appointment of Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria  (DIN: 
10624643) as an Additional Non -Executive, Independent Director of the Company with effect from 
April 03, 2026, for a term of five consecutive years, subject to the approval of the shareholders.  
 
The requisite disclosure as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations is enclosed 
herewith as ‘Annexure A’. 
 
The composition of the Board of Directors of the Company is in compliance with the  requirements 
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations.  
ii. Completion of Tenure of Ms. Aparna Narendra Sharma as Non -Executive, Independent 
Director: 
The Board of Directors noted that t he term of appointment of Ms. Aparna Narendra Sharma (DIN: 
07132341), as a Non -Executive, Independent Director is scheduled to be completed with effect from 
end of business hours on April 02, 2026 and consequently shall cease to be a Non -Executive, 
Independent Director of the Company.  
The Board of Directors and the Management of the Company placed on record their appreciation for 
the valuable contributions and guidance provided by Ms. Aparna Sharma during her association with 
the Company.  
The requisite di sclosure as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations is enclosed 
herewith as ‘Annexure B’. 
 

[page 2]
 
 
iii. Reconstitution of the Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee and 
Stakeholder Relationship Committee:  
 
The Board approved via Circular Resolution dated March 27, 2026, the reconstitution of the Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee  
with effect from April 03, 2026 , consequent to the appointment of a new Independent Director and 
completion of the tenure of Ms. Aparna Narendra Sharma (DIN: 01790620), Independent Director.   
 
Requisite disclosure as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regula tions is enclosed 
herewith as ‘Annexure C’. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar  
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776  

[page 3]
 
 
Annexure A 
 
(Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)  
 
Appointment of Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria (DIN: 10624643) as an Additional Non -Executive, 
Independent Director of the Company with effect from April 03, 2026 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Details 
1. Reason for change viz. appointment, 
re-appointment, resignation, removal, 
death or otherwise; 
Appointment of  Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria  (DIN: 
10624643) as an Additional Non -Executive, 
Independent Director of  the Company.  
2. Date of  appointment/re-
appointment/cessation (as   
applicable) & term of  
appointment/re-appointment; 
For a term of  five consecutive years with effect from 
April 03, 2026, subject to the approval of  shareholders. 
3. Brief  profile (in case of  appointment); Ms. Rupal Haria is a fellow member of  The Institute of  
Chartered Accountants of  India since 199 3. She is 
currently a Partner at Atul C. Beda & Company, 
Chartered A ccountants. With over two decades of  
professional experience, she specializes in taxation, 
corporate taxation, auditing, TDS, and Indirect taxes. 
She has actively contributed to the professional 
fraternity as a trainer and speaker at various Chartered 
Accountant forums nationwide. Her expertise extends 
to training professionals, corporates, and even Income 
Tax Officers under the T3 training program, where she 
has imparted in -depth knowledge in taxation and 
related domains. 
4. Disclosure of  relationships between 
directors (in case of  appointment of  a 
director); 
Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria has no relationship with any 
member of  the Board of  Directors. 
5. Information as required pursuant to 
BSE Circular ref. no. 
LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 and NSE 
ref. no. NSE/ML/2018/24 dated June 
20, 2018 , regarding the  director not 
being debarred from holding the office 
by virtue of  any SEBI order or any 
other such authority. 
Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria is not debarred from holding 
the office of  director by  virtue of  any SEBI order or 
any other such authority. 
 
  

[page 4]
 
 
Annexure B 
 
(Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)  
 
Completion of Tenure of Ms. Aparna Narendra Sharma  (DIN: 07132341 ) as Non -Executive, 
Independent Director of the Company 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Details 
1. Reason for change viz. appointment, re-appointment, 
resignation, removal, death or otherwise; 
Completion of  tenure and term as 
an Independent Director. 
2. Date of  appointment/re-appointment/cessation (as   
applicable) & term of  appointment/re-appointment; 
With effect from end of  business 
hours on April 02, 2026. 
3. Brief  profile (in case of  appointment); Not Applicable 
4. Disclosure of  relationships between directors (in case of  
appointment of  a director); 
Not Applicable 
5. Information as required pursuant to BSE  Circular ref. no. 
LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 and NSE ref. no. 
NSE/ML/2018/24 dated  June 20, 2018 , regarding the  
director not being debarred from holding the  office by 
virtue of  any SEBI order or any other such authority. 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 5]
 
 
Annexure C 
 
Reconstitution of the Audit Committee, Nomination & Remuneration Committee and Stakeholder 
Relationship Committee with effect from April 03, 2026 
 
Audit Committee  
 
Name of Director Position in the Committee Designation 
Naushad Alimohmed Panjwani   Chairperson Independent Director 
Rupal Dhiren Haria Member Independent Director 
Shyam Nagorao Khante Member Independent Director 
Chirag Himatlal Doshi Member Non-Executive Director 
 
 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
 
Name of Director Position in the Committee Designation 
Rupal Dhiren Haria Chairperson  Independent Director  
Shyam Nagorao Khante Member Independent Director 
Naushad Alimohmed Panjwani   Member Independent Director 
Chirag Himatlal Doshi Member Non-Executive Director 
 
 
Stakeholder Relationship Committee 
 
Name of Director Position in the Committee Designation 
Rupal Dhiren Haria Chairperson Independent Director  
Naushad Alimohmed Panjwani   Member Independent Director  
Chirag Himatlal Doshi Member Non-Executive Director 
Amjad Adam Arbani Member Non-Executive Director 
 
