
[page 1]
 
 
  Date: August 24, 2026 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Compliance Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol: FABTECH  Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Subject: Proceedings of the 8th Annual General Meeting of the Company. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (“SEBI LODR Regulations”), read with Para A of Part A 
of Schedule III thereto, we hereby inform you that the 08th (Eighth) Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) of the Members of Fabtech Technologies Limited (“Company”)  was duly convened and 
held on Monday, August 24, 2026 at 02:00 p.m. (IST)  through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other 
Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”), in accorda nce with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“Act”), the rules made thereunder and the applicable circulars/clarifications issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) from time to time. 
 
In this regard, please find enclosed the fol lowing “Summary of Proceedings of the 8th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company held on August 24, 2026”  
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar 
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
Encl: As mentioned above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 2]
 
 
Summary of Proceedings of the 8th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 24, 
2026 
 
The 8th Annual General Meeting of the Members of Fabtech Technologies Limited  was held on 
Monday, August 24, 2026 at 02:00 p.m. (IST) through VC/OAVM. The deemed venue of the AGM was 
the Registered Office of the Company situated at 715, Janki Centre, Off V eera Desai Road, Andheri 
West, Mumbai City, Maharashtra – 400053. 
 
The requisite quorum, as required under Section 103 of the Act, being present through VC/OAVM, the 
Company Secretary of the Company, Ms. Neetu Tibrewal, called the Meeting to order. 
 
The Non-Executive Chairperson of the Company, Mr. Naushad Panjwani, welcomed and introduced the 
Members, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Statutory Auditor , Secretarial Auditor and Scrutinizer 
present at the Meeting. 
 
The representatives of the Statutory Auditor,  M/s. Ajmera & A jmera, Secretarial Auditor, M/s. Kiran 
Doshi & Co.  and Scrutinizer, M/s. DA Kamat & C o., Company Secretaries were also present at the 
Meeting. 
 
The Chairperson further informed the Members that the voting process was being conducted in a fair and 
transparent manner.  
 
The Notice convening the 8th AGM, having already been circulated to the Members, was taken as read. 
The Chairperson invited the Chief Growth Officer, Mr. Aman Anavkar, to address the Members on 
the Company’s operational and financial performance, strategic initiatives, future outlook, and key 
achievements. 
 
The Members were inform ed that the Company had provided the facility of remote e -voting to enable 
Members to cast their votes on the resolutions set out in the Notice of the AGM. The remote e -voting 
commenced on August 19, 2026 at 09:00 a.m. (IST)  and ended on August 23, 2026 at 05:00 p.m. 
(IST). The cut-off date for determining the eligibility of Members to vote was August 17, 2026. 
 
The Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM who had not cast their votes through remote e -
voting and were otherwise eligible to vote, were provided an opportunity to cast their votes electronically 
after the conclusion of the AGM, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Act, the Rules and 
the SEBI LODR Regulations. 
 
The Chairperson thereafter took up the businesses as set out in the Notice of the AGM for consideration 
and approval by the Members. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
 
 
The following Resolutions as set out in the Notice convening the AGM were considered and put to 
vote: 
 
Item 
No. 
Particulars of Resolution Type of 
Resolution 
1 To receive, consider and adopt the standalone and consolidated audited 
financial statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, along 
with the Reports of the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon. 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
2 To appoint Mr. Amjad Adam Arbani (DIN: 02718019), who retires by 
rotation and being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment. 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
3 To declare Final Dividend of Rs. 0.60/ - (Rupees Sixty Paisa only) per 
Equity Share of Rs. 10/ - (Rupees Ten only) for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026. 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
4 To approve Material Related Party Transactions with FTS Cleanrooms 
Systems LLC, a step-down subsidiary of the Company. 
Ordinary 
Resolution 
5 To re-appoint Mr. Naushad Alimohmed Panjwani (DIN: 06640459) as a 
Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company for the second term. 
Special 
Resolution 
 
Mr. Naushad Panjwani, being interested in the Agenda Item No. 05, the proceedings for the said Agenda 
were carried on by Mr. Amjad Arbani, Non-Executive Director of the Company. 
 
Further, the Chairperson requested the Company Secretary to  invite the Members who had registered 
themselves as speakers to express their vie ws, ask questions and seek clarifications on the items of 
business as set out in the Notice of the AGM. 
 
After giving sufficient opportunity to the Members who had registered as speakers, the questions/queries 
raised by the Members were appropriately responded by Chairperson, Mr. Aman Anavkar and Mr. Chirag 
Doshi, Non-Executive Director of the Company. 
 
The Chairperson placed on record his sincere appreciation for the valuable contributions o f all the 
shareholders and for their continued confidence and support. 
 
The e-voting facility provided during the AGM was kept open for 15 minutes after the conclusion of the 
Meeting to enable the Members who were present at the AGM and had not cast their votes through remote 
e-voting to cast their votes electronically. The AGM was declared concluded at 02:52 p.m. (IST).  
 
The voting results of the AGM along with the Scrutinizer's Report shall be submitted to the Stock 
Exchanges and shall also be placed on the Company's website at www.fabtechnologies.com and on the 
website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com, in accordance Regulation 44 and other applicable 
provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations and the applicable provisions of the Act. 
 
 
