
[page 1]
 
 
 
Date: September 25, 2026 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol: FABTECH Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 - Circular Resolutions passed by the Board of Directors 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing Regulations’) 
 
We wish to inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company, by way of circular resolutions passed 
on Friday, September 25, 2026, inter alia, approved the following matters: 
 
1. Granted in-principle approval for incorporation of a wholly owned step-down subsidiary in the Arab 
Republic of Egypt through Fabtech Technologies LLC, UAE, a wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company. 
 
The relevant disclosure in respect of the above, pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A (1) of 
Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the applicable SEBI Master Circular, is 
enclosed herewith as ‘Annexure A’. Further material developments, including execution/completion 
and incorporation, as applicable, will be disclosed in accordance with Regulation 30(7) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations. 
 
The above details will also be available on the website of the Company at www.fabtechnologies.com  
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
________________ 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar 
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
  

[page 2]
 
 
 
Annexure A 
 
(Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) 
 
Proposed incorporation of a wholly owned step-down subsidiary of the Company in the Arab 
Republic of Egypt 
 
Particulars Details 
Name of the entity, date & country of 
incorporation, etc.; 
Name of the Proposed Company: Fabtech 
Technologies or such other name as may be 
approved by the regulatory authority of Arab 
Republic of Egypt. 
 
Date of Incorporation: Yet to be incorporated; 
incorporation is proposed to be undertaken 
following receipt/completion of requisite 
approvals and formalities.  
 
Country of incorporation : Arab Republic of 
Egypt 
Name of Holding company of the incorporated 
company and relation with the listed entity; 
Name of Holding Company of proposed 
Company: Fabtech Technologies LLC, UAE 
 
Relation with listed Company:  Fabtech 
Technologies LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary 
of the Company. Accordingly, the proposed 
Company to be incorporated will be the Step -
Down Subsidiary of our Company.  
Industry to which the entity being incorporated 
belongs; 
Turnkey Pharma Projects  
Brief background about the entity incorporated 
in terms of products / line of business; 
Trunkey Pharma Projects including HVAC, 
MEP, CRP, CRE, Machinery and other related 
activities. 
Brief details of any governmental or regulatory 
approvals required for the incorporation; 
The incorporation of the Step -Down Subsidiary 
Company is subject to approval from regulatory 
body of the Arab Republic of Egypt and UAE 
Embassy. 
Nature of consideration -whether cash 
consideration or share swap and details of the 
same 
The equity / share capital of the proposed entity 
is proposed to be subscribed in cash by Fabtech 
Technologies LLC at the applicable face / 
nominal value per share, subject to applicable 
laws. 
Cost of subscription / price at which the shares 
are subscribed 
Will be at face value per share 
Percentage of shareholding / control by the listed 
entity and / or number of shares allotted 
100% of the shareholding of proposed Company 
will be held by Fabtech Technologies LLC, a 
wholly owned subsidiary of our Company. 
  
