
[page 1]
 
 
Date: May 25, 2026 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol: FABTECH Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Outcome of Board Meeting 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule III (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform you that the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting, being  held today, i.e., 
Monday, May 25, 2026,  inter- alia , considered and approved the following: 
 
 
1. Based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board 
considered and approved the Appointment of Ms. Bharti Khanna (DIN: 05147844) as an 
Additional Director (Non-Executive & Independent) of the Company with immediate effect, for 
a term of five consecutive years, which shall be subject to the approval of the shareholders. 
 
The requisite disclosure as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations is 
enclosed herewith as ‘Annexure A’. 
 
2. Considered and approved the draft Postal Ballot Notice for seeking shareholder’s approval for 
the following matters: 
a. Appointment of Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria (DIN: 10624643) as a Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company. 
b. Appointment of Ms. Bharti Khanna (DIN: 05147844) as a Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company. 
 
The Notice of the Postal Ballot, including other related information as required pursuant to the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, and SEBI Listing Regulations, will be published and 
communicated in due course. 
 
 
 

[page 2]
 
 
 
 
3. Based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board 
considered and approved the Appointment of Mr. Ajaj Abdul Rahiman Kazi as Senior Vice 
President and Senior Management Personnel of the Company with immediate effect. 
 
The requisite disclosure as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations is 
enclosed herewith as ‘Annexure B’. 
4. Noted the retirement of the following Senior Management Personnel (SMP): 
a. Retirement of Mr. Dilip Gosh, Senior Vice-President – Operations from the service of the 
Company with effect from the closure of business hours of May 25, 2026 and consequently 
will cease to be SMP of the Company. 
b. Retirement of Mr. Ranganathan Gkseetharaman, Assistant Vice President - Logistics from 
the service of the Company with effect from the closure of business hours of May 25, 2026 
and consequently will cease to be SMP of the Company. 
 
Since the above change in SMP is due to retirement, requirement of Resignation Letter is not 
applicable in this case. 
 
The requisite disclosure as required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations is 
enclosed herewith as ‘Annexure C’. 
 
The Board Meeting commenced at 03:30 pm and concluded at 04:00 pm. 
 
The above details will also be available on the website of the Company at 
www.fabtechnologies.com  
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
________________ 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar 
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 

[page 3]
 
 
Annexure A 
 
(Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) 
 
Appointment of Ms. Bharti Khanna (DIN: 05147844) as an Additional Director (Non-
Executive & Independent) of the Company 
 
Sr. No. Particulars Details 
1.  Reason for change viz. 
appointment, re-appointment, 
resignation, removal, death or 
otherwise; 
Appointment of Ms. Bharti Khanna (DIN: 
05147844) as an Additional Director (Non-
Executive & Independent) of the Company.  
2.  Date of appointment/re-
appointment/cessation (as  
applicable) & term of 
appointment/re-appointment; 
For a term of five consecutive years with effect from 
May 25, 2026, subject to the approval of 
shareholders. 
3.  Brief profile (in case of 
appointment); 
Ms. Bharti Khanna holds a bachelor’s and master’s 
degree in pharmaceutics from the DPSRU, 
University of Delhi, along with a specialization in 
marketing management. She brings over 30 years of 
extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, 
with core strengths in R&D, scale-up and 
technology transfer, global regulatory affairs, 
pharmacovigilance, GMP compliance, and strategic 
project management. 
She served as a Member of the Institutional Quality 
Assurance Cell at Delhi Pharmaceutical Sciences 
and Research University and is a Council Member 
of the Society of Pharmaceutical Education & 
Research (Women Forum) and the Women's Indian 
Chamber of Commerce and Industry. She is also a 
lifetime member of the Indian Pharmaceutical 
Association (IPA) and Indian Pharmacy Graduates' 
Association (IPGA). 
Her experience spans product lifecycle management, 
from development through commercialization, 
including complex technology transfers and scale-
up. She brings deep expertise in regulatory strategy, 
agency interactions, scientific advisory meetings, 
and cGMP inspections. She has been instrumental in 
due diligence, gap assessments, quality and 
regulatory aspects of facilities designing and 

[page 4]
 
 
strengthening quality systems, while driving 
strategic alliances and operational excellence across 
cross-functional teams. She actively contributes as a 
mentor and speaker to professional forums and 
founded the Pharma Learning Portal to advance 
continuous learning and capability building in the 
pharmaceutical sector. 
4.  Disclosure of relationships between 
directors (in case of appointment of 
a director); 
Ms. Bharti Khanna has no relationship with any 
member of the Board of Directors. 
5.  Information as required pursuant to 
BSE Circular ref. no. 
LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 and NSE 
ref. no. NSE/ML/2018/24 dated 
June 20, 2018, regarding the 
director not being debarred from 
holding the office by virtue of any 
SEBI order or any other such 
authority. 
Ms. Bharti Khanna is not debarred from holding the 
office of director by virtue of any SEBI order or any 
other such authority. 
 
  

[page 5]
 
 
Annexure B 
 
(Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) 
 
Appointment of Mr. Ajaj Abdul Rahiman Kazi as Senior Vice President, Senior Management 
Personnel of the Company 
Sr. No. Particulars Details 
1.  Reason for change viz. 
appointment, re-appointment, 
resignation, removal, death or 
otherwise; 
Appointment of Mr. Ajaj Abdul Rahiman Kazi as 
Senior Vice President, Senior Management 
Personnel of the Company.  
2.  Date of appointment/re-
appointment/cessation (as  
applicable) & term of 
appointment/re-appointment; 
May 25, 2026 
3.  Brief profile (in case of 
appointment); 
Mr. Ajaj Abdul Rahiman Kazi is a seasoned 
professional with over 27 years of experience in 
MEP (Mechanical, Electrical and Plumbing) project 
management, business development, operations and 
P&L management. He was previously serving as 
Head – MEP at Reliance Industries and has 
previously held leadership positions with V oltas 
Limited for over 23 years, overseeing large-scale 
MEP projects across diverse sectors including 
commercial buildings, healthcare, hospitality, 
infrastructure and industrial projects. He possesses 
expertise in project execution, stakeholder 
management, contract management and team 
leadership, and is a certified Project Management 
Professional (PMP). He has also held key leadership 
roles in industry bodies such as ISHRAE and 
ASHRAE and has contributed significantly to the 
HV AC and project management domain through 
training, publications and industry initiatives. 
4.  Disclosure of relationships between 
directors (in case of appointment of 
a director); 
Not applicable  
5.  Information as required pursuant to 
BSE Circular ref. no. 
LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 and NSE 
ref. no. NSE/ML/2018/24 dated 
June 20, 2018, regarding the 
Not applicable 

[page 6]
 
 
director not being debarred from 
holding the office by virtue of any 
SEBI order or any other such 
authority. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 7]
 
 
 
Annexure C 
 
(Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) 
 
Retirement of Mr. Dilip Ghosh and Mr. Ranganathan Gkseetharaman from Senior 
Management Personnel of the Company 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars Details 
1.  Reason for change viz. 
appointment, re-appointment, 
resignation, removal, death or 
otherwise; 
Retirement of Mr. Dilip 
Ghosh as Senior Vice 
President - Operations, 
Senior Management 
Personnel of the Company 
the Company.  
Retirement of Mr. 
Ranganathan 
Gkseetharaman Assistant 
Vice President - Logistics, 
Senior Management 
Personnel of the Company 
the Company 
2.  Date of appointment/re-
appointment/cessation (as  
applicable) & term of 
appointment/re-appointment; 
With effect from the 
closure of business hours 
of May 25, 2026 
With effect from the closure 
of business hours of May 
25, 2026 
3.  Brief profile (in case of 
appointment); 
Not applicable Not applicable 
4.  Disclosure of relationships 
between directors (in case of 
appointment of a director); 
Not applicable  Not applicable 
5.  Information as required 
pursuant to BSE Circular ref. 
no. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 
and NSE ref. no. 
NSE/ML/2018/24 dated June 
20, 2018, regarding the director 
not being debarred from holding 
the office by virtue of any SEBI 
order or any other such 
authority. 
Not applicable Not applicable 
 
