
[page 1]
 
 
Date: May 29, 2026 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol: FABTECH Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Postal Ballot Notice 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30  (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith a copy of the 
Postal Ballot Notice dated May 25, 2026 ( ‘Postal Ballot Notice’), along with the Explanatory Statement 
being dispatched today  i.e., May 29, 2026 , for seeking the approval of the members of Fabtech 
Technologies Limited (‘the Company’) by means of Postal Ballot, only throug h remote e-voting facility, 
on the following resolutions: 
 
Sr. No Particulars Type of Resolution 
1 Appointment of Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria  (DIN: 10624643) 
as a Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company Special Resolution 
 2 Appointment of Ms. Bharti Khanna (DIN: 05147844) as a 
Non-Executive Independent Director of the Company 
 
In accordance with the relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA Circulars’), 
the Notice is being sent by e -mail, only to those Members whose e-mail address is registered with the 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent ( ‘RTA’) or Depository/ Depository Participants ( ‘DP’) and whose 
names appear in the Register of Members of the Company maintained by the Depositories as on Friday, 
May 22, 2026 (‘Cut-off Date’).  
 
A Copy of the Postal Ballot Notice is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.fabtechnologies.com, on the websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. , BSE Limited at 
www.bseindia.com and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.nseindia.com  and also on 
the website of the National Securities Depository Limited (‘NSDL’) at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 2]
 
 
Further, the Company has availed remote e-voting facility from NSDL and below is the calendar of the 
events for remote e-voting: 
 
Day, Date and Time of Commencement of 
e-voting  
Monday, June 01, 2026 from 9:00 a.m. (IST) 
Day, Date and Time of End of e-voting  Tuesday, June 30, 2026 till 5:00 p.m. (IST) 
 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
________________ 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar 
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
 
Encl: As mentioned above 

[page 3]
 
 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
 
[Pursuant to Section 108 and 110 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with  Rule 20 & 22  of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended and applicable Circulars 
issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, from time to time] 
 
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 110, and other applicable  
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”), read together with Rules 20 and 22 of 
the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended (“the Management Rules”), 
Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of Indi a (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the "SEBI Listing Regulations"), General Circular Nos. 14/2020  
dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020 and the latest being No. 03/2025 dated  September 
22, 2025 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as “the MCA Circulars”), the Secretarial Standards on General Meetings issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“SS -2”) and any other applicable laws, rules, circulars, 
notifications and regulations (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the 
time being in force), that the resolutions appended below, to be passed by the Members of Fabtech 
Technologies Limited (“the Company”), whose names appear in the Register of Members as on Friday, 
May 22, 2026 (“Cut-off Date”), through postal ballot (“the Postal Ballot”) only by way of remote e -
voting (“e-voting”) process. 
 
The Explanatory Statements pursuant to Section 102 and 110 of the Act setting out all material facts 
relating to the resolutions mentioned in this Postal Ballot Notice (“the Notice”) is annexed hereto and 
forms part of this Notice. 
 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“ SEBI Listing Regulations”) and 
pursuant to the provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with the rules f ramed there under 
and the MCA Circulars, the manner of voting on proposed resolutions is restricted only to e-voting i.e., 
by casting votes electronically instead of submitting postal ballot form. Accordingly, this Notice along 
with instructions regarding e-voting are being sent only through electronic mode to those Members 
whose email address is registered with the Company / Depository Participant (“DP”) as on the cut -off 
date. The detailed procedure with respect to e-voting is mentioned in Notes forming part of this Notice. 
The Company has engaged National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) for facilitating e-voting. 
Pursuant to Rule 22(5) of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, the Board of 
Directors of the Company at its Meeting held on Monday, May 25, 2026 has appointed Ms. Rachana 
Shanbhag (FCS No. 8227; COP No: 9297) , Partner of M/s. D.A Kamat  & Co., Company Secretaries, 
Mumbai or failing her Ms. Surabhi Dubey  (ACS No. 44545; COP No: 26781) , Partner of M/s. D.A 
Kamat & Co., Company Secretaries as the Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot through remote 
e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner and she has communicated h er willingness to be 
appointed and will be available for the said purpose.  
Members desiring to exercise their votes are requested to carefully read the instructions indicated in 
this Notice and record their assent (FOR) or dissent (AGAINST) by following the procedure as stated 
in the Notes forming part of the Notice. 
The remote e-voting facility will be available during the following period: 
Commencement of remote e-voting period Monday, June 01, 2026 
Conclusion of remote e-voting period Tuesday, June 30, 2026 
Cut-off date for eligibility to vote Friday, May 22, 2026 
 

[page 4]
 
 
The remote e-voting facility will be disabled by NSDL immediately after 5:00 p.m. IST on Tuesday, 
June 30, 2026, and will be disallowed thereafter.  
The Scrutinizer will submit h er report to the Chairman of the Co mpany or any other person of the 
Company authorised by him, after completion of Postal Ballot/E-voting period. The result of the Postal 
Ballot shall be declared by the Chairman or any other duly authorized person of the Company within 
stipulated timelines, the same shall be communicated to the Stock Exchange and would also be uploaded 
on Company's website at www.fabtechnologies.com. 
The last date of e-voting, i.e., Tuesday, June 30, 2026, shall be the date on which the resolutions would 
be deemed to have been passed, if approved by the requisite majority.  
The Notice is also available on the website of the Company at www.fabtechnologies.com  
SPECIAL BUSINESSES: 
ITEM NO. 1  
APPOINTMENT OF MS. RUPAL DHIREN HARIA (DIN: 10624643) AS A NON-EXECUTIVE 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY: 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of sections 149, 150, 152 and any other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") , read with Schedule IV to the Act  and the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 including any other Rules made 
there under and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment thereof for the time being in force) and in 
accordance with Articles of Association of the Company, and based on recommendation of Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and approval of Board of Directors of the company, and pursuant to the 
consent received from Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria confirming that she satisfies the criteria for  
independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies 
(Appointment and  Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations, and that she is not debarred from holding the office of a director by virtue of any order of 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other such authority, the consent of the Members be 
and is hereby accorded for appointment of Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria (DIN: 10624643) , who was 
appointed as an Additional Director (in the capacity of a Non -Executive Independent Director) of the 
company by the Board of Directors through Circular Resolution dated March 2 7, 2026 pursuant to 
section 175 of the Act, as the Non-Executive Independent Director of the company, not liable to retire 
by rotation, to hold office for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from April 03, 2026 till 
April 02, 2031. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Director of the Company and/or Chief Financial Officer 
and/or Company Secretary and Compliance Officer be and are hereby severally authorised to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as are necessary to give effect to this resolution.” 
ITEM NO. 2 
APPOINTMENT O F MS. BHARTI KHANNA (DIN: 05147844) AS A NON -EXECUTIVE 
INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY: 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as 
Special Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of sections 149, 150, 152 and any other applicable 
provisions, if any of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act"), read with Schedule IV to the Act  and the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 including any other Rules made 

[page 5]
 
 
there under and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re -enactment thereof for the time being in force) and in 
accordance with Articles of Association of the Company, and based on recommendation of Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and approval of Board of Directors of the company, and pursuant to the 
consent received from Ms. Bharti Khanna confirming that she satisfies the criteria for independence as 
prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, and that 
she is not debarred from holding the office of a director  by virtue of any order of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India or any other such authority , the consent of the Members be and is hereby 
accorded for appointment of Ms. Bharti Khanna (DIN: 05147844), who was appointed as an Additional 
Director (in th e capacity of a Non -Executive Independent Director) of the company by the Board of 
Directors in their meeting held  on May 25, 2026, as the Non -Executive Independent Director of the 
company, not liable to retire by rotation,  to hold office for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years 
commencing from May 25, 2026 to May 24, 2031.” 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any of the Director of the Company and/or Chief Financial Officer 
and/or Company Secretary and Compliance Officer be and are hereb y severally authorised to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as are necessary to give effect to this resolution.” 
 
On behalf of Board  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
(Formerly known as Fabtech Technologies Private Limited) 
 
Sd/- 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar 
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
 
Date: May 25, 2026 
Place: Mumbai 
 
CIN: L74999MH2018PLC316357 
Registered Office:  
715, Janki Center Off. Veera Desai Road,  
Andheri West, Mumbai City, Maharashtra, India, 400053 
 
Website: www.fabtechtechnologies.com   
E-Mail ID: cs@fabtechnologies.com  
Telephone No: +91 22 6554 0300 
  

[page 6]
 
 
NOTES: 
 
1. The Explanatory Statements pursuant to the provisions of Section 102(1) of the Act read with Rule 
20 and 22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended from time to 
time and Secretarial Standard – 2 (SS -2) on General Meetings issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India setting out material facts relating to the proposed resolution is annexed hereto and 
forms part of this Notice. 
 
2. The Brief profile and other requisite details about the appointmen t /regularisation of Director 
pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard – 2 (SS-2) on General Meetings 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India is set out in the Explanatory Statement which 
forms part of this Notice. 
 
3. The Postal Ballot Notice is being sent only through electronic mode to all those Members whose e -
mail address are registered with the Registrar and Shar e Transfer Agent (“RTA”) or Depository/ 
Depository Participants (“DP”) and whose names appear in the Register of Members of the Company 
maintained by the Depositories as on Friday, May 22, 2026 (‘Cut-off Date’). 
 
Only those Members whose names are appearin g in the Register of Members as on the Cut -off Date 
shall be eligible to cast their votes through postal ballot by remote e -voting. A person who is not a 
Member on the Cut-off Date should treat this Notice for information purposes only. 
 
All Members of the  Company as on the Cut -off Date (including those Members who may not have 
received this Notice due to non -registration of their e -mail address with the Company/DPs) shall be 
entitled to vote in relation to the resolutions set out in this Notice. 
 
4. Member s may note that this Notice will also be available on Company’s website a t 
www.fabtechnologies.com,  website of BSE at www.bseindia.com & NSE at www.nseindia.com and 
website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
5. Members who have not registered their e-mail addresses are requested to register/update their email 
addresses, in respect of electronic holdings with the Depository through the concerned Depository 
Participants by following due procedure. 
 
6. The Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held on Monday, May 25, 2026 has appointed 
Ms. Rachana Shanbhag (FCS No. 8227; COP No: 9297), Partner of M/s. D.A Kamat & Co., Company 
Secretaries, Mumbai or failing her Ms. Surabhi Dubey (ACS No. 44545; COP No: 26781), Partner  of 
M/s. D.A Kamat & Co., Company Secretaries to act as the Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot 
through e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner. 
 
7. The Scrutinizer will submit her report to any Director of the Company authorised by the Board, after 
completion of Postal Ballot/E -voting period. The result of the Postal Ballot shall be declared by the 
Chairman or any other duly authorized person of the Company within the timelines prescribed under 
applicable law and the same shall be communicated to the Stock Exchange and would also be uploaded 
on Company's website at www.fabtechnologies.com. 
 
8. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 and 110 of the Act, read with Rule 20 and 22 of the 
Rules, Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and SS -2, the Company is providing e -voting facility 
to its Members, to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The voting rights of the Members shall 
be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut-off Date. 
 

[page 7]
 
 
9. Alternatively, Non -Individual shareholders are mandatorily required to send the relevant Board 
Resolution/ Authority letter etc. together with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer at office@csdakamat.com and to the Company 
at investors@fabtechnologies.com,  if they have voted from individual tab & not uploaded same in the 
NSDL e-voting system for the scrutinizer to verify the same.  
10. The resolutions, if approved by the Members through Postal Ballot, shall be deemed to have been 
passed on the last date specified for e -voting and as if it has been passed at a general meeting by the 
Members conveyed in that behalf.  
11. All the material documents referred to in th is Notice and Explanatory Statement will be available 
for inspection by the Members of the Company electronically during normal business hours on any 
working day from the date of circulation of this Postal Ballot Notice up to the last date of e-voting. 
Members seeking inspecting may send an email to investors@fabtechnologies.com, upon which access 
will be provided electronically.  
12. In compliance with the requirement of MCA Circulars, physical copy of this Notice along with 
postal ballot forms and pre-paid business envelope will not be sent to the members for this postal ballot 
and accordingly, the members are required to communicate their assent or dissent through rem ote e-
voting system only. 
13. Voting through proxy is not permitted in case of Postal Ballot conducted through remote e -voting 
in terms of the MCA Circulars. 
14. The instructions for Members for e-voting are as under: 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
A) Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update 
their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
Type of shareholders  Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. 
You will have to enter your 8 -digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN 
No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received 
on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you 
will be redirected to e -Voting website of NSDL for casting your 
vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e -Services home page click on the “ Beneficial 

[page 8]
 
 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section , this will prompt you to ente r your existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see 
e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to 
e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e -
Voting page. Click on company n ame or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online 
for IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting 
system is launched, clic k on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the scr een. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site 
wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you will be redirected to 
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period.  
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede ” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned 
below for seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option  will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in 
progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access 


[page 9]
 
 
the system of all e -Voting Service Providers, so that the user can 
visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login 
& New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e -Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e -Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email 
as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in 
progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting 
Service Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat 
mode) login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat  account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e -
Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting option. 
Click on e -Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentic ation, wherein you can see e -
Voting feature. Click on company name or e -Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User 
ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues 
related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 
022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911 
 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 

[page 10]
 
 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log -in to NSDL 
eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 
2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and 
Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number 
registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to 
login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to 
change your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your 
‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email 
sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the 
attachment i.e. a .pd f file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf 
file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for 
CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 

[page 11]
 
 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password: 
a)  Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio number, 
your PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes 
on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which 
you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number 
of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when 
prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send 
scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with 
attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, 
to the Scrutinizer by e -mail to office@csdakamat.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can 
also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking 
on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their 
login. 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 

[page 12]
 
 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you will need to 
go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders 
and e -voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of 
www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Ms. Pallavi Mhatre at 
evoting@nsdl.com  
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set 
out in this notice: 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested  scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to  
cs@fabtechnologies.com  
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 
16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, 
PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) to cs@fabtechnologies.com . If  you are an Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login method explained at step 1 
(A) i.e. Login method for e -Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode. 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partici pants. 
Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their demat 
account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
On behalf of Board  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
(Formerly known as Fabtech Technologies Private Limited) 
 
Sd/- 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar 
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
 
Date: May 25, 2026 
Place: Mumbai 
 
CIN: L74999MH2018PLC316357 
Registered Office:  
715, Janki Center Off. Veera Desai Road,  
Andheri West, Mumbai City, Maharashtra, India, 400053 
 
Website: www.fabtechtechnologies.com   
E-Mail: cs@fabtechnologies.com  
Telephone No: +91 22 6554 0300  

[page 13]
 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 
2013  
ITEM NO. 1: 
Based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors by 
passing a Circular Resolution dated March 27, 2026 had appointed Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria  (DIN: 
10624643), as an Additional Director (in the capacity of a Non-Executive Independent Director) w.e.f. 
April 03, 2026.  
Pursuant to Section 161 of the Act, an Additional Director shall hold office upto the date of next Annual 
General Meeting. Further, pursuant to Regulation 17(1C) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, every 
listed Company is required to take approval of the Shareholders of the Company for appointment of a  
director at the next General Meeting or within 3 months from the date of the appointment, whichever is 
earlier.  
Accordingly, the appointment of Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria as a Non -Executive Independent Director is 
being placed before the Members for their approval to regularise her appointment for a term of five (5) 
consecutive years commencing from April 03, 2026 till April 02, 2031. In the opinion of the Board, 
Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria fulfills the conditions as specified in the Act and the Rules framed thereunder 
for appointment as an Independent Director and she is independent of the management. The Company 
has also received a declaration confirming that she meets the criteria of independence as prescribed 
under Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and is not 
disqualified from being appointed as a Director under Section 164 of the Act. 
Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria is a fellow member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India since 
1993. She is currently a Partner at Atul C. Beda & Company, Chartered Accountants. Wit h over two 
decades of professional experience, she specializes in taxation, corporate taxation, auditing, TDS, and 
Indirect taxes. She has actively contributed to the professional fraternity as a trainer and speaker at 
various Chartered Accountant forums n ationwide. Her expertise extends to training professionals, 
corporates, and even Income Tax Officers under the T3 training program, where she has imparted in -
depth knowledge in taxation and related domains.  
All the material documents referred to in th is Notice and Explanatory Statement will be available for 
inspection by the Members of the Company at the Corporate Office of the Company during the business 
hours on any working day.  
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company or their relatives except Ms. 
Rupal Dhiren Haria, in relation to her own appointment, may be deemed to be concerned or interested 
in the Resolution stated at item No. 1 of the Notice.   
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution in the Postal Ballot Notice  for approval of the 
Members by way of Special Resolution through Postal Ballot/ e-voting. 
  

[page 14]
 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 
2013  
 
ITEM NO. 2: 
 
Based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors in 
their meeting dated May 25, 2026 had appointed Ms. Bharti Khanna (DIN: 05147844), as an Additional 
Director (in the capacity of a Non-Executive Independent Director) w.e.f. May 25, 2026.  
Pursuant to Section 161 of the Act, an Additional Director shall hold office upto the date of next Annual 
General Meeting. Further, pursuant to Regulation 17(1C) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015, every 
listed Company is required to take approval of the Shareholders of the Company for appointment of a 
director at the next General Meeting or within 3 months from the date of the appointment, whichever is 
earlier.  
Accordingly, the appointment of Ms. Bharti Khanna as a Non-Executive Independent Director is being 
placed before the Members for their approval to regularise her appointment for a term of five (5) 
consecutive years commencing from May 25, 2026 till May 24, 2031. In the opinion of the Board, Ms. 
Bharti Khanna  fulfills the co nditions as specified in the Act and the Rules framed thereunder for 
appointment as an Independent Director and she is independent of the management. The Company has 
also received a declaration confirming that she meets the criteria of independence as prescribed under 
Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and is not 
disqualified from being appointed as a Director under Section 164 of the Act.    
Ms. Bharti Khanna holds a bachelor’s and master’s degree in pharmaceutics from the DPSRU, 
University of Delhi, along with a specialization in marketing management. She brings over 30 years of 
extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry, with core strengths in R&D, scale -up and 
technology transfer, global regulatory affairs, pharmacovigilance, GMP compliance, and strategic 
project management. She served as a Member of the Institutional Quality Assurance Cell at Delhi 
Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research University and is a Council Member of  the Society of 
Pharmaceutical Education & Research (Women Forum) and the Women's Indian Chamber of 
Commerce and Industry. She is also a lifetime member of the Indian Pharmaceutical Association (IPA) 
and Indian Pharmacy Graduates' Association (IPGA).  Her e xperience spans product lifecycle 
management, from development through commercialization, including complex technology transfers 
and scale-up. She brings deep expertise in regulatory strategy, agency interactions, scientific advisory 
meetings, and cGMP inspections. She has been instrumental in due diligence, gap assessments, quality 
and regulatory aspects of facilities designing and strengthening quality systems, while driving strategic 
alliances and operational excellence across cross-functional teams. She actively contributes as a mentor 
and speaker to professional forums and founded the Pharma Learning Portal to advance continuous 
learning and capability building in the pharmaceutical sector. 
All the material documents referred to in th is Notice and Explanatory Statement will be available for 
inspection by the Members of the Company at the Corporate Office of the Company during the business 
hours on any working day.  
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) of the Company or their relatives except Ms. 
Bharti Khanna, in relation to her own appointment, may be deemed to be concerned or interested in the 
Resolution stated at item No. 2 of the Notice.   
 
 

[page 15]
 
 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Resolution in the Postal Ballot Notice for approval of t he 
Members by way of Special Resolution through Postal Ballot/ e-voting. 
 
On behalf of Board  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
(Formerly known as Fabtech Technologies Private Limited) 
 
Sd/- 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar 
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
 
Date: May 25, 2026 
Place: Mumbai 
 
CIN: L74999MH2018PLC316357 
Registered Office:  
715, Janki Center Off. Veera Desai Road,  
Andheri West, Mumbai City, Maharashtra, India, 400053 
 
Website: www.fabtechtechnologies.com   
E-Mail ID: cs@fabtechnologies.com  
Telephone No: +91 22 6554 0300 
  

[page 16]
 
 
 
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE 
[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2)] 
Name of the Director Rupal Dhiren Haria 
DIN 10624643 
Age (Yrs.) 58 
Date of First Appointment April 03, 2026 
Proposed Designation Non-Executive Independent Director 
Qualifications Chartered Accountant 
Brief Resume including Experience and 
Expertise 
Ms. Rupal Haria is a fellow member of The 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India since 
1993. She is currently a Partne r at Atul C. Beda 
& Company, Chartered Accountants. With over 
two decades of professional experience, she 
specializes in taxation, corporate taxation, 
auditing, TDS, and Indirect taxes. 
She has actively contributed to the professional 
fraternity as a train er and speaker at various 
Chartered Accountant forums nationwide. Her 
expertise extends  to training professionals, 
corporates, and even Income Tax Officers under 
the T3 training program, where she has imparted 
in-depth knowledge in taxation and related 
domains. 
Terms and Conditions of appointment along 
with details of remuneration sought to be paid 
Appointment as a Non -Executive Independent 
Director for a term of five consecutive years 
commencing from April 03, 2026 till April 02, 
2031, not liable to retire by rotation.  
 
Eligible to receive sitting fees for attending the 
meeting of Board and  Committees, as approved 
by the Board  and commission, if any in 
accordance with Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI 
Listing Regulations. 
Remuneration last drawn, if any Not Applicable 
Shareholding in the Company  held either by 
self or as a beneficial owner  
Nil 
Relationship with other Directors, Manager 
and other KMP of the company 
Ms. Rupal Dhiren Haria has no relationship with 
any member of the Board of Directors, Managers 
or KMP of the Company. 
No. of Meetings of the Board attended during 
the year (2025-26) 
Not Applicable 
Directorship in Other Public Companies Ravita Engineering Services Limited 
Livint Green Technologies Limited 
Ganesh Infraworld Limited 
Fabtech Technologies Cleanrooms Limited 
Directorship in Other Private Companies - 
Listed entities from which the person has 
resigned in the past three years 
- 

[page 17]
 
 
Membership/ Chairmanship of Committees of 
other Boards 
Ravita Engineering Services Limited 
- Chairperson of Audit Committee 
- Chairperson of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee 
- Chairperson of Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee 
 
Fabtech Technologies Cleanrooms Limited 
- Chairperson of Audit Committee 
- Member of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee 
- Member of Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee 
 
Ganesh Infraworld Limited 
- Chairperson of Audit Committee 
- Member of Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee 
Justification for choosing the appointee for 
appointment as Independent Director / Skills 
and capabilities required for the role, in case 
of Independent Director 
She possesses strong management and leadership 
skills, with ability to drive business growth and 
operational efficiency. Her extensive experience 
and strategic insight will be valuable in guiding 
the Company's business decisions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 18]
 
 
 
ANNEXURE TO NOTICE 
[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2)] 
Name of the Director Bharti Khanna 
DIN 05147844 
Age (Yrs.) 57 
Date of First Appointment May 25, 2026 
Proposed Designation Non-Executive Independent Director 
Qualifications Masters in Pharmaceutics 
Brief Resume including Experience and 
Expertise  
Ms. Bharti Khanna holds a bachelor’s and 
master’s degree in pharmaceutics from the 
DPSRU, University of Delhi, along with a 
specialization in marketing management. She 
brings over 30 years of extensive experience in 
the pharmaceutical industry, with core strengths 
in R&D, scale-up and technology transfer, global 
regulatory affairs, pharmacovigilance, GMP 
compliance, and strategic project management. 
She served as a Member of the Institutional 
Quality Assurance Cell at Delhi Pharmaceutical 
Sciences and Research University and is a 
Council Member of the Society of 
Pharmaceutical Education & Research (Women 
Forum) and the Women's Indian Chamber of 
Commerce and Industry. She is also a lifetime 
member of the Indian Pharmaceutical 
Association (IPA) and Indian Pharmacy 
Graduates' Association (IPGA). 
Her experience spans product lifecycle 
management, from development through  
commercialization, including complex 
technology transfers and scale -up. She brings 
deep expertise in regulatory strategy, agency 
interactions, scientific advisory meetings, and 
cGMP inspections. She has been instrumental in 
due diligence, gap assessments,  quality and 
regulatory aspects of facilities designing and 
strengthening quality systems, while driving 
strategic alliances and operational excellence 
across cross -functional teams. She actively 
contributes as a mentor and speaker to 
professional forums a nd founded the Pharma 
Learning Portal to advance continuous learning 
and capability building in the pharmaceutical 
sector. 
Terms and Conditions of appointment along 
with details of remuneration sought to be paid 
Appointment as a Non -Executive Independent 
Director for a term of five consecutive years 
commencing from May 25, 2026 till May 24, 
2031, not liable to retire by rotation.  

[page 19]
 
 
Eligible to receive sitting fees for attending the 
meeting of Board and  Committees, as approved 
by the Board  and commission, if any in 
accordance with Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI 
Listing Regulations 
Remuneration last drawn, if any Not Applicable 
Shareholding in the Company  held either by 
self or as a beneficial owner 
Nil 
Relationship with other Directors, Manager 
and other KMP of the company 
Ms. Bharti Khanna has no relationship with any  
member of the Board of Directors , Managers or 
KMP of the Company. 
No. of Meetings of the Board attended during 
the year (2025-26) 
Not Applicable 
Directorship in Other Public Companies Concord Biotech Limited 
Directorship in Other Private Companies Amarant Lifesciences Private Limited 
Listed entities from which the person has 
resigned in the past three years 
- 
Membership/ Chairmanship of Committees of 
other Boards 
Concord Biotech Limited 
- Member of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee 
Justification for choosing the appointee for 
appointment as Independent Director / Skills 
and capabilities required for the role, in case 
of Independent Director 
She possesses strong management and leadership 
skills, with ability to drive business growth and 
operational efficiency. Her extensive experience 
and strategic insight will be valuable in guiding 
the Company's business decisions. 
 
 
