
[page 1]
 
 
Date: September 11, 2026 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol: FABTECH Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Press Release 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing  Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to the aforementioned Regulation, we hereby enclose a copy of the Press Release titled “Fabtech’s 
Step Down Subsidiary ‘FTS Cleanrooms Systems LLC’ completes 14,000 sqm turnkey facility for Himalaya Wellness 
Company in UAE in less than a year”. 
 
The above can also be accessed on the website of the Company at www.fabtechnologies.com  
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar  
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
 
Encl.: As mentioned above 
 

[page 2]
 
 
 
Fabtech Technologies Ltd 
Fabtech’s Step Down Subsidiary ‘FTS CLEANROOMS SYSTEMS LLC’ completes 14,000 sqm 
turnkey facility for Himalaya Wellness Company in UAE in less than a year 
 
Mumbai | 11 September, 2026:  
Fabtech Technologies Limited (FTL), through its Step Down Subsidiary FTS Cleanrooms Systems LLC, UAE, 
has delivered a project for Himalaya Wellness Company, a global herbal health and personal care brand in 
Dubai Internet City to support pharmaceutical and cosmetic manufacturing operations with different 
cleanroom requirements. The company is based in UAE and offers start -to-finish engineering solutions to 
the healthcare sector in the MENA region. 
 
The facility has been developed to support both pharmaceutical and cosmetic manufacturing operations 
and was delivered in less than one year.  Retaining the same project team throughout the project was 
intended to provide continuity between the design, installation and validation stages and reduce 
coordination requirements between multiple contractors.  The approach enabled the project to be 
completed within the planned timeframe of less than a year.  
An integrated approach to the build allowed the design, installation and validation to be managed under 
a single delivery structure. 
The facility forms part of Himalaya's manufacturing operations in Dubai, providing cleanroom infrastructure 
for the production of pharmaceutical and cosmetic products. 
 
“For a facility of this size, we were impressed with how smoothly FTS Cleanrooms  Systems LLC, UAE  
managed everything,” said a project manager at Himalaya. “Coordinating such a large project is never easy, 
but their team stayed organized and responsive and delivered on schedule.  The execution met our 
expectations, and the overall experience was professional and hassle-free.” 
The completed project adds to Dubai's manufacturing infrastructure for industries requiring controlled 
production environments and specialized cleanroom facilities. 
 
Mr. Aman Anavkar, Chief Growth Officer, Fabtech Technologies Limited, said:  
"The successful completion of this 14,000 sq. metre facility in under a year is a strong validation of our 
engineering capabilities, project execution discipline and the strength of our teams across the region. FTS 
Cleanrooms’ successful delivery of the Himalaya Wellness facility further demonstrates Fabtech’s ability to 
provide integrated, end-to-end engineering solutions for sophisticated pharmaceutical, biotechnology and 
healthcare manufacturing facilities.  Delivering complex, mission -critical infrastructure for a globally 


[page 3]
 
 
recognised healthcare brand reinforces our confidence in our ability to execute increasingly large and 
sophisticated projects across international markets.  Our focus remains on building deeper capabilities 
across cleanroom infrastructure, pharmaceutical engineering and turnkey project execution, while 
expanding our presence across high-growth international healthcare and life-sciences markets." 
The project represents another important milestone in Fabtech’s international expansion strategy, 
particularly across the Middle East and other global pharmaceutical and healthcare markets. 
 
 
About Fabtech Technologies Ltd,  
Fabtech Technologies Limited is a pharmaceutical engineering company providing specialised engineering, technology 
and turnkey solutions (including Design & Build) to the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and healthcare sectors.  Over 
the past 25 years, Fabtech has developed capabilities across project design, technology transfer, pharmaceutical 
equipment manufacturing, turnkey project management, cleanroom infrastructure, cleanroom partitions and HVAC, 
containment solutions, pharm aceutical MEP, clean utilities, process piping, purified water systems and water -for-
injection systems. 
The company has executed 750+ projects across 62 countries, supported by a global workforce of 650+ professionals 
and regional operations across markets including the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Nigeria, the UK, Algeria and Sri Lanka.  
With more than two decades of experience in pharmaceutical engineering, Fabtech has built capabilities spanning 
turnkey project management, cleanroom infrastructure, pharmaceutical MEP, process engineering, clean utilities, 
containment solutions and specialised pharmaceutical equipment. The company has executed projects across multiple 
geographies and continues to strengthen its international engineering and execution footprint.  
As pharmaceutical manufacturing capacity expands across emerging markets, Fabtech Technologies remains focused 
on leveraging its engineering expertise, international presence and execution capabilities to participate in the next 
phase of global healthcare infrastructure development. 
 
 
For further information, please contact 
KAPTIFY Consulting  
Fabtech Technologies Ltd.                             Investor Relations | Strategy | Consulting 
E: cs@fabtechnologies.com        E: contact@kaptify.in   | M: +91-845 288 6099 
www.fabtechnologies.com                www.kaptify.in 
 
 
Disclaimer 
 
This document may contain certain forward -looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities law and regulations. 
These statements include descriptions regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company or its directors and officers 
with respect to the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Such forward‐looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ from those in such forward‐l ooking 
statements as a result of various factors and assumptions which the Company believes to be reasonable in light of its operati ng 
experience in recent years. Many factors could cause the actual results, performances, or achievements of the Company to be 
materially different from any future results, performances, or achievements. Significant factors that could make a difference  to the 
Company’s operations include domestic and international economic conditions, changes in government regulations, tax regi me and 
other statutes. The Company does not undertake to revise any forward‐ looking statement that may be made from time to time by  
or on behalf of the Company. 

