
[page 1]
Date: August 19, 2026 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of  India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
Maharashtra, India. 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Floor 25, P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Maharashtra, India. 
Symbol: FABTECH Scrip Code: 544558 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Press Release 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listing Regulations”) 
 
Pursuant to the aforementioned Regulation, we hereby enclose a copy of the Press Release titled “Fabtech’s 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary Secures AED 9.92 Million Turnkey Flavour Manufacturing Project in UAE”. 
 
The above can also be accessed on the website of the Company at www.fabtechnologies.com  
 
We request you to take the above information on record. 
 
Thank you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Fabtech Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Hemant Mohan Anavkar  
Executive Director 
DIN: 00150776 
 
Encl.: As mentioned above 

[page 2]
 
Fabtech’s Wholly Owned Subsidiary Secures AED 9.92 Million  
Turnkey Flavour Manufacturing Project in UAE 
Six-Month Fast-Track Project Expands Fabtech’s Critical Infrastructure Platform Beyond Life Sciences 
 
Mumbai, August 19, 2026 – Fabtech Technologies Limited (FTL), through its 100% subsidiary FTS Cleanrooms 
Systems LLC, UAE, has secured an AED 9.92 million (approximately ₹24.6 crore)  turnkey project for Aroma 
King, a flavour manufacturing company in the UAE. The project is scheduled for fast-track completion within 
six months. 
FTS Cleanrooms Systems LLC will deliver the facility’s critical internal infrastructure, encompassing modular 
controlled environments, cold rooms, specialised flooring, high - and low -side HVAC systems, and internal 
electrical works under an integrated, single-source execution model. 
Flavour manufacturing requires precise control of temperature, humidity, hygiene and production 
environments to ensure consistency and product quality. The project leverages Fabtech Group’s engineering 
expertise in controlled environments and mission -critical infrastructure to create a modern, efficient and 
future-ready manufacturing facility. 
The win also demonstrates the strategic role of FTS Cleanrooms Systems LLC as Fabtech’s regional execution 
platform, expanding the Group’s capabilities into high -specification food, flavour and ingredient 
manufacturing while strengthening its presence in the UAE. 
This project advances Fabtech’s broader vision of becoming a global critical infrastructure platform —
extending its expertise in precision environments, HVAC, utilities and integrated engineering into industries 
where manufacturing conditions are mission-critical. 
Fabtech Technologies Limited — Engineering Critical Infrastructure for the Industries of Tomorrow. 
 
Disclaimer 
Certain statements in this document that are not historical facts are forward looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties like government actions, local, political or 
economic developments, technological risks, and many other factors that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statements. The Company will not be in 
any way responsible for any action taken based on such statements and under takes no obligation to publicly 
update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 
 
For Further Information Please Contact Corporate Communication Advisor 
 
AKMIL Strategic Advisors Private Limited 
Mr. Milind Apte – Director 
milind@akmiladvisors.com 
+91 98209 41925 
www.akmiladvisors.com  
 

