

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
14th July 2026 
 
Department of Corporate Services 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited,                                                                    
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Dear Sir, 
                     
Sub: Notice of the 34th Annual General Meeting (AGM) and Annual Report 2025-26 
 
In compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), the rules made thereunder, 
and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), as amend ed from time to time , p lease find enclosed copy of Notice of  34th Annual 
General Meeting and Annual Report 2025-26 of the company for the year ended 31st March 2026. 
 
These documents are being circulated to shareholders through electronic mode whose e -mail 
addresses are registered with the Company or their Depository Participant(s) (“DPs”).  
 
Further, in accordance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, the Company will be 
sending a letter to Shareholders wh ose e -mail addresses are not registered with Company/DPs 
providing the weblink from where the Annual Report can be accessed on the Company’s website. 
 
The 34th AGM will be held on Wednesday, 5th of August, 202 6 at 4.00pm IST through video 
conference and other audio-visual means (VC). 
 
Key Information: 
 
Particulars Details 
Time and date of AGM 4.00pm IST  Wednesday, 5th August 2026 
Mode Video conference and other audio-visual means 
Participation through video-conferencing https://emeetings.kfintech.com/  
Cut-off date for e-voting  Friday, 24th July, 2026 
E-voting start time and date Friday, 31st July, 2026; 9.00am IST 
E-voting end time and date Tuesday, 4th August, 2026; 5:00pm IST 
E-voting website of KFin Technologies Ltd https://evoting.kfintech.com  
Record date for the purpose of final dividend Wednesday, 29th July 2026 
 
The Annual Report 2025-26, Notice, E-voting instructions will be made available on the Company’s 
website www.asmltd.com  
 
This is for your kind information and records.  
 
Thanking You, 
 
Sincerely, 
For ASM Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
Vanishree Kulkarni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
(FCS:13306)  

===== PAGE 2 =====
AI-Powered.
Design-led Manufacturing.
Concept to Reality.
ANNUAL REPORT 
2025-26

===== PAGE 3 =====
What InsideCorporate Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. M.R. Vikram
Chairman & Non-Independent Director
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Independent Director
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
Non- Independent Director  
Non-Executive Director
LEGAL ADVISORS
Spice Route Legal,
Advocates, Bangalore, Karnataka, India
Chugh CPAs, LLP
Santa Clara CA 95054
BANKERS
 y State Bank of India,  Bangalore, Karnataka, India
 y ICICI Bank Limited,  Bangalore, Karnataka, India
 y Small Industries Development Bank of India, 
Bangalore, Karnataka, India
 y Export Import Bank of India, Bangalore, 
Karnataka, India 
 y Indian Bank, Raffles Place, Singapore
 y ICICI Bank, Raffles Place, Singapore
 y Wesbanco Bank Inc, Ohio, USA
 y State Bank of India, London, UK
 y State Bank of India, Osaka, Japan
 y Rakuten Bank, Minato- Ku, Japan
 y Standard Chartered Bank, HaNoi, Vietnam
STOCK EXCHANGE
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 25 th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001, Maharashtra, India
STOCK CODE
BSE – 526433
DEMAT ISIN NUMBER
INE867C01010
INVESTOR RELATION CELL
Secretarial Department
#80/2, Lusanne Court, Richmond Road, Bangalore - 
560 025, Karnataka, India,  
Tel: +91 80 6696 2309 
Email: compliance.officer@asmltd.com
REGISTRARS & 
SHARE TRANSFER AGENTS
KFin Technologies Limited
Selenium Tower B, Plot No. 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad - 500 032, 
Telangana, India
Tel: 040 6716 2222 
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Mr. Narsingh Rathod
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Vanishree Kulkarni
AUDITORS
B K Ramadhyani & Co. LLP,
Chartered Accountants, 4B, Chitrapur Bhavan, No.68, 8 th 
Main, 15th Cross Road, Malleshwara, Bangalore - 560 055, 
Karnataka, India
Venu & Vinay,
Chartered Accountants No. 1, 4 th Floor,  
Ashoka Pillar,1st Block, 3rd Cross,Jayanagar,  
Bangalore - 560011, Karnataka, India
N. Rajan Associates,
Certified Public Accountants, Sim Lim. Towers # 10-12, 10, 
Jalan Besar (S) 208787, Singapore 208787
Shaw Gibbs (Audit) Limited, 
Chartered Accountants,Eagle House 28 Billing Road  
Northampton Northamptonshire, UK NN1 5AJ 
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Independent Director
Mr. Hardik Agrawal
Independent Director
Ms. Preeti Rabindra
Non-Independent  
Non-Executive Director
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Chairman
Mr. M.R. Vikram
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP & SHARE 
TRANSFER COMMITTEE
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Chairman
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Ms. Preeti Rabindra
02 Theme Introduction
03 Key Performance Indicators
04 Geographical Footprint
06 Message from Managing Director
08 About ASM Technologies
10 Research and Development
12 Core Expertise
14 Business Verticals
16 CSR
24 Progress and Milestones-ASMHHV 
26 President’s Message-RV SNG
28 Governance
32 Board’s Report and Annexures
51
Management Discussion and 
Analysis Report
56 Report on Corporate Governance
70 Standalone Financial Statements
122 Consolidated Financial Statements
173 AGM Notice
183
Instructions for E-Voting & 
33rd e-AGM through Video 
Conferencing
NOMINATION & REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Chairman
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
COMMITTEE
Ms. Preeti Rabindra
Chairperson
Mr. M.R. Vikram
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
COST AUDITORS
Aruna Prasad
Cost Accounatnt 
Krishna Plot No.802/2,Door No.28, 64 th Street ,
10th Sector, K.K.Nagar, Chennai – 600 078
TAX ADVISORS
Sudhakar Pai Associates
Chartered Accountants, Unity Building, J.C. Road, Bangalore, 
Karnataka, India
Chugh CPAs, LLP
2540 Mission College Blvd, Santa Clara, CA 95054
COMPANY LAW ADVISOR
BMP & Co. LLP
Company Secretaries, Bangalore, Karnataka, India
K. Dushyantha Kumar & Associates,
Company Secretaries, Bangalore, Karnataka, India

===== PAGE 4 =====
Key Performance IndicatorsAI-Powered. 
Design-Led Manufacturing. 
Concept to Reality.
Turning Capabilities 
into Outcomes
As industries embrace the next wave of intelligent manufacturing, ASM 
Technologies Limited is reinforcing its position as an engineering-rooted, design-led 
manufacturing enterprise. With over three decades of experience, the Company has 
evolved from delivering engineering-led solutions to enabling integrated Design-
Led Manufacturing capabilities that bring ideas to reality.
In FY2026, this evolution gained sharper momentum. 
ASM Technologies strengthened its AI-enabled industrial 
capabilities, expanded its manufacturing footprint and 
deepened its technology partnerships. AI is now being 
positioned as an active capability within ASM’s ecosystem, 
supporting areas such as predictive maintenance, AI-
based parameter tuning, industrial AI workflows, operator 
assistance and improved equipment performance.
FY2026 Highlights
ASM Technologies delivered a year of strong growth and 
strategic progress in FY2026, driven by robust execution across 
its Design-Led Manufacturing (DLM) and Engineering Research & 
Development (ER&D) businesses.
₹528.5 Cr
Revenue
25.7%
Return on Equity (RoE)
₹60.8 Cr
Profit After Tax
₹84.1 Cr
Profit Before Tax
₹101.1 Cr
EBITDA
The theme “AI-Powered. Design-Led Manufacturing. Concept 
to Reality.” embodies this advancement. It brings together 
ASM Technologies’ engineering depth, manufacturing scale 
and applied intelligence to create solutions that are precise, 
scalable and future-ready. It also represents the Company’s 
continued transition into an intelligent manufacturing 
partner, capable of transforming ideas into high-value 
industrial outcomes.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
0302


===== PAGE 5 =====
Manufacturing 
Facilities
Geographical Footprint
Engineering Across Borders. 
Scaling Across Markets.
We have secured 10 acres of land in Karnataka for the 
development of a state-of-the-art integrated manufacturing 
campus. The agreement is in its final stages, following which 
construction will commence.
9
Development Centres 
across the World
7
10
Offices
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
0504
Financial StatementsStatutory Reports


===== PAGE 6 =====
Management Message
Building a Global Ecosystem
Dear Shareholders,
ASM Technologies Limited warmly 
welcomes all stakeholders, partners and 
shareholders as we reflect on a year of 
strong execution, strategic advancement 
and continued evolution. FY2026 has 
been a significant year in our journey, 
marked by business growth, capability 
expansion and meaningful progress 
towards our vision of becoming an AI-
Powered Design-Led Manufacturing for 
capital equipment.
As industries continue to embrace automation, Artificial 
Intelligence (AI) and, intelligent manufacturing, ASM is 
well-positioned to capture emerging opportunities across 
Semiconductor, Electronics, Solar, Engineering, Aerospace, 
Medical and other advanced industries for capital equipment.
Our focus remains on creating intelligent manufacturing 
ecosystems where engineering expertise, AI-enabled 
capabilities drives intelligent industrial solutions.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a strategic pillar of ASM’s 
transformation journey. Our strategy is built on two 
complementary pillars: enabling Industrial AI transformation 
for customers across ASM’s Design-Led Manufacturing 
(DLM) value chain and internal operations to become an AI-
native organization.
At the heart of this strategy is AI Assist, ASM’s foundational 
intelligence layer, which enables engineers, operators, and 
service teams to seamlessly access and leverage structured 
and unstructured enterprise knowledge—including 
engineering documentation, machine data, operational 
insights, images, videos, and enterprise systems—through 
natural language interactions.
Built on this foundation, ASM Technologies is delivering 
Industrial AI across manufacturing equipment, engineering 
systems and production operations through  Vision 
AI, Predictive AI, Engineering AI and Conversational AI. 
Together, these capabilities empower customers to improve 
engineering productivity, product quality, operational 
efficiency, asset reliability, maintenance effectiveness, 
and intelligent decision-making throughout the 
industrial lifecycle.
Internally, ASM is embedding AI across  engineering, 
solutioning, software development, testing, manufacturing, 
project delivery and knowledge management. Beyond 
adopting AI tools, we are building reusable AI platforms, 
accelerators, and domain-specific capabilities that improve 
productivity, enhance quality, accelerate delivery, strengthen 
organizational learning, and drive continuous innovation.
This strategic direction has translated into strong business 
performance during the year. The Company recorded 
consolidated revenue of ₹528.5 crore in FY2026, representing 
an 83% increase from ₹288.8 crore in FY2025. EBITDA totalled 
₹101.1 crore, resulting in a margin of 19.1%, while Profit 
After Tax rose to ₹60.8 crore. This performance reflects the 
strength of our execution capabilities, growing customer 
confidence, and the increasing relevance of our integrated 
engineering and manufacturing model.
We also invested in technology and strategic partnership,  
our 20% strategic stake in Myelin Foundry Pvt . Ltd. is a 
significant advancement in our Industrial AI capabilities, 
which supports solutions in predictive maintenance, AI-
driven analytics, intelligent operations, and automation. 
Additionally, our 51% investment in Asmaitha Wireless 
Technologies Pvt. Ltd. has broadened our expertise in 
embedded systems, firmware, and wireless technologies, 
enabling us to create more connected and intelligent 
industrial solutions.  
We expanded our manufacturing footprint by commissioning 
three new facilities: two in Bengaluru and one in Vietnam. 
These additions strengthen our ability to support 
global customers with greater capacity, flexibility and 
responsiveness. With seven manufacturing facilities now in 
operation, ASM Technologies is  positioned to build a globally 
competitive Design-Led Manufacturing platform.
Building on this momentum, ASM Technologies has 
also planned a new integrated manufacturing facility in 
Karnataka, with approximately 10 acres of land allotted 
through KIADB (Karnataka Industrial Areas Development 
Board) to support its future DLM expansion initiatives. The 
proposed facility is expected to strengthen the Company’s 
long-term manufacturing strategy by creating additional 
capacity, enhancing operational efficiencies and, supporting 
the development of advanced manufacturing capabilities 
across high-growth sectors.
This expansion was further strengthened by the approval 
received from the Ministry of Electronics and Information 
Technology (MeitY), Government of India, under the 
Electronics Component Manufacturing Scheme (ECMS) 
for the manufacture of high-precision capital equipment, 
involving a proposed investment of ₹565 crore. Under 
the Scheme, the Company has received approval for an 
incentive of 25% of the eligible project cost, amounting to 
approximately ₹141 crore, from the Central Government. 
The initiative marks an important milestone in ASM’s growth 
journey, deepening our participation in India’s electronics 
and semiconductor manufacturing value chain and 
supporting our long-term objective of scaling high-value, 
technology-led manufacturing capabilities.
Sustainability and responsible growth remain integral to 
our operations. Our recognition under the Confederation 
of Indian Industry (CII) GreenCo framework reflects 
our continued commitment to sustainable and future-
ready operations. Beyond our operations, through our 
CSR initiatives, we continue to contribute to education, 
employability, healthcare, community development, and 
social well-being.
Looking ahead, ASM Technologies remains focused on 
strengthening its position as a globally recognised AI-
powered Design-Led Manufacturing partner. We will 
continue to invest in technology, infrastructure, partnerships, 
and talent to expand our capabilities, serve our customers 
better and create sustainable long-term value.
On behalf of the Company management and leadership, I 
take this opportunity to thank:
 y Our esteemed customers, stakeholders, vendors, business 
partners, advisors, and consultants for their support
 y Employees for their valuable contributions, sustained 
efforts, and dedicated spirit
 y India - State Bank of India, ICICI Bank Limited, SIDBI, EXIM
 y The US - HSBC Bank, WesBanco Bank Inc
 y The UK - State Bank of India
 y Singapore - Indian Bank, ICICI Bank
 y Japan - State Bank of India, Rakuten Bank
 y Central and State Government, Customs, Meity (Ministry of 
Electronics and Information Technology )Reserve Bank of 
India, Software Technology Parks of India (STPI)
 y CII, ICEA, ICEMA and NASSCOM for their guidance
With continued focus, innovation and collective effort, 
we look forward to shaping the future of intelligent 
manufacturing and creating sustained value in the 
years ahead.
Thanks & Regards,
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
0706


===== PAGE 7 =====
About ASM Technologies 
Advancing from Expertise to 
Intelligent Execution
Founded in 1992, ASM Technologies Limited brings over three decades of 
engineering experience and innovation in design-led manufacturing. Originally 
an Engineering Research & Development organisation, ASM Technologies 
has evolved into an integrated Design-Led Manufacturing enterprise. This 
transformation blends design depth, manufacturing capability, and intelligent 
technologies to deliver comprehensive solutions across the product lifecycle.
Today, ASM Technologies empowers customers to move 
from concept and design to precision manufacturing 
and market-ready solutions, powered by advanced 
technology and industrial AI. Our shift toward Design-Led 
Manufacturing underscores its commitment to becoming 
a smart manufacturing partner, merging engineering 
innovation with scalable production. By incorporating AI 
into its manufacturing ecosystem, ASM Technologies is 
building a more connected and efficient manufacturing 
landscape, strengthening its differentiation in an 
increasingly technology-led market.
Strategic acquisitions and partnerships include:
Myelin Foundry Private Limited
ASM Technologies strengthened its Design-Led 
Manufacturing ecosystem through a strategic proposed 
investment for a 20% stake in partnership with Myelin 
Foundry. The partnership integrates patented, high-
performance AI solutions into ASM Technologies’  
capabilities, enabling predictive maintenance, multimodal 
analytics, AI-augmented operations, and sustainability-
focused solutions across semiconductor, electronics, solar, 
and engineering sectors.
Vision
‘To be a global leader, committed to the customer in providing 
the technology solutions with the highest degree of excellence, 
quality and value by an agile team and efficient process.’
Mission
‘To commit us to the highest degree of excellence 
and customer support with a view to providing 
superior value to clients.’
Asmaitha Wireless Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
ASM Technologies strengthened its capabilities through 
investment in Asmaitha Wireless Technologies. The 
acquisition strengthens ASM’s engineering capabilities 
across embedded systems, firmware, and wireless 
technologies, enabling the development of connected and 
intelligent solutions for evolving industrial requirements.
During FY2026, ASM Technologies further enhanced 
its manufacturing ecosystem to meet rising customer 
demand. The commissioning of three new manufacturing 
facilities—two in Bengaluru and one in Vietnam—
expanded its production capacity and global presence. 
Vietnam, identified as a strategic hub for technology, 
engineering, and manufacturing, supports long-term 
growth in engineering and technology services. With 
these additions, ASM Technologies has strengthened its 
ability to deliver integrated design-led manufacturing 
solutions at scale.
With a presence in key global markets, ASM Technologies 
combines global reach with local execution capabilities. 
As industries increasingly adopt automation, intelligent 
systems, and advanced manufacturing, ASM Technologies 
continues to create solutions where engineering expertise 
and technology converge, transforming ideas into reality.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
0908


===== PAGE 8 =====
Research and Development
From Concept to Reality:
Powered by Engineering Intelligence
With ASM Technologies’ transition from an Engineering Research & Development 
(ER&D) partner to a fully integrated Design-Led Manufacturing (DLM) enterprise, 
the Company's ER&D foundation strengthens its DLM journey, helping customers 
transform complex engineering challenges into scalable, market-ready solutions.
By integrating product design, engineering validation, manufacturing capabilities, and operational intelligence, ASM 
Technologies enables faster development cycles, improved efficiency, and enhanced product performance. This strategic 
progression is also reflected in the Company’s manufacturing-led direction, with ASM Technologies moving towards a higher 
manufacturing contribution within its overall business mix. This positions ASM Technologies as an intelligent manufacturing 
partner, blending engineering expertise with technology-driven execution.
Key Services Offered
Product Engineering & Design
ASM Technologies provides end-to-end engineering 
solutions spanning product conceptualisation, design, 
development, validation, and manufacturing readiness. 
Industries We Serve
ASM Technologies supports customers across diverse 
industries where engineering complexity, precision 
and innovation are critical:
Hi-tech Capital Equipment
Engineering
Strengthening India’s Electronics 
Manufacturing Ecosystem
ASM Technologies continues to align its capabilities with emerging industrial opportunities in India’s 
electronics and semiconductor ecosystem. ASM Technologies received approval from MeitY under 
the Electronics Component Manufacturing Scheme (ECMS) for its proposed ₹565 crore investment in 
high-precision capital equipment manufacturing. The approval includes a 25% incentive, amounting to 
approximately ₹141 crore, supporting the Company’s expansion in India’s electronics and semiconductor 
manufacturing ecosystem.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
10 11


===== PAGE 9 =====
Core Expertise
Intelligent Manufacturing. 
Powered by AI-Driven Precision.
ASM Technologies Limited is revolutionising 
manufacturing by integrating engineering 
expertise, advanced technologies, and AI to 
create smarter industrial ecosystems.
Its Industrial AI capabilities transform manufacturing 
from reactive to intelligent, data-driven systems, 
providing real-time visibility, faster decision-
making, and improved efficiency and scalability for 
customers. Leveraging sensor data and operational 
insights, these solutions can proactively identify 
issues, enhancing decision-making.
AI-Enabled Manufacturing Capabilities
ASM AI Assistant
Enabling real-time operator 
support and intelligent assistance 
on the shopfloor.
MLOps for Industrial AI
Building scalable AI 
workflows of AI models across 
industrial environments.
Monitor Tools/Equipment
Predict Failures and  
Reduce Downtime.
AI-Based  
Parameter Tuning
Leveraging AI-driven analysis to 
optimise equipment parameters and 
improve process performance.
AI-Driven Equipment 
Intelligence
Enhancing equipment reliability 
and performance through 
automated optimisation.
Assist Operators
Provide real-time support.
Predictive Maintenance
Using intelligent monitoring and 
predictive analytics to extend asset life.
Yield and Throughput 
Enhancement
Applying AI-led insights to improve 
manufacturing output and enable 
next-generation performance.
Automate AI Workflows
Deploy, monitor and manage  
AI models.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
1312


===== PAGE 10 =====
Business Vertical
From Concept to Creation: 
The DLM Advantage
Design-Led Manufacturing (DLM) is integral to ASM 
Technologies Limited’s business model, merging 
engineering expertise, product design, and precision 
manufacturing to manage the entire product 
lifecycle and design to engineering and precision 
manufacturing. This approach enables faster iterations, 
improved quality control, cost efficiency, and reduced 
time-to-market for complex applications.
Strengthening the Foundation  
for Advanced Manufacturing
ASM Technologies is enhancing its Design-Led Manufacturing ecosystem by investing in 
infrastructure and advanced manufacturing capabilities, supporting India's semiconductor and 
electronics sector with scalable solutions.
K510 crore MoU with the Government of Karnataka 
to expand ESDM-focused Design-Led Manufacturing 
and precision engineering capabilities.
Key Highlights
ECMS 
Received MeitY approval under the Electronics 
Component Manufacturing Scheme (ECMS) for a ₹565 
crore capital equipment manufacturing project, with an 
approved 25% incentive of approximately ₹141 crore.
10-acre plot of land secured in Karnataka   
We have secured 10 acres of land in Karnataka for 
the development of a state-of-the-art integrated 
manufacturing campus. The agreement is in its final 
stages, following which construction will commence.
Strengthening India’s semiconductor and 
electronics ecosystem through investments aligned 
with advanced manufacturing and technology-led 
industrial growth.
Two cutting-edge facilities at Dabaspet and 
Sriperumbudur are expected to expand ASM 
Technologies’ Design-Led manufacturing 
capabilities and support engineering, R&D, and 
manufacturing-led growth.
ASM Technologies’ strong ER&D foundation enables deeper customer 
engagement throughout the product lifecycle, facilitating collaboration at 
the design stage and ensuring a smooth transition to scalable production. 
This synergy has reinforced customer relationships and epositioned 
ASM Technologies as a trusted partner across critical sectors such as 
semiconductor/electronic equipment and transportation.
The Company has also strengthened its technology ecosystem with 
strategic investments, such as Myelin Foundry for Industrial AI.
We believe the convergence of design, automation, AI, and manufacturing 
will create strong opportunities for ASM Technologies in India and 
global markets.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Corporate Overview
1514
Financial StatementsStatutory Reports


===== PAGE 11 =====
CSR
Driving Inclusive Growth 
Through Action
ASM Technologies Limited demonstrates its commitment to social responsibility 
by focusing on initiatives that empower communities. Our efforts are directed 
towards community welfare, childcare, healthcare, women’s empowerment, and 
employee well-being. By promoting these causes, we place a strong emphasis on the 
development and welfare of society as a whole.
Prioritising Health, Together:
Wellness Week at ASM Technologies
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
1716


===== PAGE 12 =====
Industry Connects
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
1918


===== PAGE 13 =====
We are honoured to have received the approval letter under the 
Electronic Components Manufacturing Scheme (ECMS)
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
2120


===== PAGE 14 =====
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
2322


===== PAGE 15 =====
Progress And Milestones
ASM HHV Engineering: 
Building the Foundation for 
Advanced Manufacturing
ASM HHV Engineering Pvt. Ltd., a joint venture between ASM Technologies Limited 
and Hind High Vacuum Company Pvt. Ltd., continued during FY 2026 to focus on 
developing strategic technologies and equipment for India’s rapidly expanding 
solar manufacturing ecosystem. The Company’s objective remains to build 
indigenous capabilities in advanced manufacturing equipment, while supporting 
the Government of India’s initiatives to strengthen domestic semiconductor and 
photovoltaic manufacturing.
Focus on Technology 
Development
During the year, the Company’s principal development 
activities were concentrated in two strategic areas:
 y Developing next-generation, low-cost materials aimed 
at significantly reducing the cost of photovoltaic 
cell manufacturing.
 y  Developing innovative technologies for the silicon 
value chain, with particular emphasis on reducing 
dependence on imported raw materials and improving 
manufacturing efficiency.
Theoretical modelling and detailed computer-based 
process simulations for these programmes have now 
been substantially completed. Based on these validated 
simulations, prototype hardware is presently under 
fabrication, with process demonstration expected to be 
completed during the next three months.
Progress in Equipment 
Development
The Company has also continued to develop specialised 
intermediate storage and handling systems for silicon 
solar cell manufacturing. Following a positive customer 
response, repeat orders have already been received. The 
first production prototype is presently undergoing final 
qualification testing and is expected to be shipped shortly.
In parallel, multiple engineering programmes are underway 
for specialised sub-assemblies and equipment supporting 
advanced wafer processing and photovoltaic manufacturing.
Strategic Equipment 
Development
A major strategic focus continues to be the 
indigenous development of critical equipment 
required for silicon crystal growth and solar cell 
manufacturing. During the year, increasing export 
controls and technology restrictions imposed by 
several countries further reinforced the need for India 
to establish domestic capabilities in this sector.
The Government of India’s forthcoming ISM 2.0 
programme is expected to provide significant 
impetus to domestic equipment manufacturing 
under the “Make in India” initiative. ASM HHV 
Engineering Pvt. Ltd. is well positioned to 
participate in this opportunity through its ongoing 
technology development programmes and 
engineering capabilities.
Summary
Outlook
During the next six months, the Company expects to establish 
the required development infrastructure for silicon crystal 
growth equipment and complete a demonstrable prototype of 
its first indigenous crystal growing system. This will represent 
an important milestone in building India’s capability to 
manufacture strategic equipment supporting the solar and 
semiconductor industries.
The Company remains committed to creating intellectual 
property, developing indigenous manufacturing capability, 
and establishing strategic partnerships that will contribute 
to India’s long-term self-reliance in advanced materials and 
equipment technologies.
During FY 2026, ASM HHV Engineering Pvt. Ltd. made significant progress in developing low-cost photovoltaic 
materials, innovative silicon processing technologies, and specialised manufacturing equipment for the solar 
industry. Computer simulations and process evaluations have been successfully completed, with prototype 
demonstrations scheduled over the coming months. The Company’s intermediate storage systems for solar cell 
manufacturing have progressed to customer qualification, with repeat orders already secured. Looking ahead, the 
Company expects to establish a demonstrable prototype of silicon crystal growing equipment while leveraging 
emerging opportunities under India’s India Semiconductor Mission (ISM) 2.0 programme. These initiatives position 
ASM HHV Engineering Pvt. Ltd. to play an important role in strengthening India’s indigenous capabilities in strategic 
solar and semiconductor manufacturing equipment.
Prasanth Sakhamuri 
Director 
ASM HHV Engineering
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
2524


===== PAGE 16 =====
Dear Shareholders,
It gives me great pleasure to present the 
Annual Report of RV Forms & Gears LLP , 
an ASM Technologies Limited company, 
for FY 2026.
Over the past 54 years, our Company has 
built a strong reputation in the design and 
manufacture of complex, high-precision 
fixtures and engineering solutions 
for leading manufacturers across the 
automotive, machine tool, aerospace and 
electronics sectors.
FY 2026 was another year of steady progress as we 
strengthened customer relationships, expanded into new 
industries, enhanced technical capabilities and supported 
our customers’ localisation initiatives. Our continued focus on 
quality, engineering excellence and execution enabled us to 
deepen existing partnerships while adding new customers 
and capabilities.
Entering Global Aerospace Supply Chains
FY 2026 marked an important milestone with our increasing 
participation in the aerospace sector.
During the year, we successfully executed projects for 
a leading global aerospace company engaged in the 
design and manufacture of aircraft engines. We were also 
selected by a major global aerospace and aircraft engine 
manufacturer to develop and manufacture fixtures for global 
aerospace applications.
The aerospace industry operates under some of the 
most demanding quality, traceability and process control 
requirements in manufacturing. Our successful entry into 
this sector is a testament to the strength of our engineering 
capabilities, manufacturing processes and quality systems. 
These engagements represent an important step in the 
Company’s long-term strategy of diversifying into high-value 
and technologically demanding industries.
A key achievement was the successful development and 
qualification of a new technology for Quench-Polish-
Quench surface treatment processes. These processes were 
previously sourced from overseas and were available with 
only a limited number of suppliers in India. This initiative 
supported the customer’s localisation programme while 
enhancing supply chain resilience and strengthening 
domestic manufacturing capabilities.
Automotive and Machine Tool Sector: 
Strengthening Long-Term Partnerships
Our automotive and machine tool businesses continued to 
demonstrate resilience and growth during the year.
A key highlight during the year was the continued 
success of our tractor engine, gearbox, and transmission 
component projects at one of India’s leading agricultural 
equipment manufacturers. The programme is expected to 
continue in FY 2027, reflecting the customer’s confidence 
in our engineering capabilities, quality standards, and 
execution performance.
We also successfully executed projects for a leading American 
multinational specialising in diesel and natural gas engines, 
electric vehicle components, and power generation systems. 
This engagement remains active, with additional business 
planned for the coming financial year, further strengthening 
our presence in the industrial and powertrain sectors.
A key achievement was the successful development and 
qualification of a new technology for Quench-Polish-
Quench surface treatment processes. These processes were 
previously sourced from overseas and were available from 
only a limited number of suppliers in India. This initiative 
supported the customer’s localisation programme while 
enhancing supply chain resilience and strengthening 
domestic manufacturing capabilities.
Operational Excellence and Quality Systems
Operational excellence remained a key focus area during 
FY 2026 as we continued to strengthen our quality and 
information security systems.
During the year, we successfully completed internal audits 
and management reviews for both ISO 9001 and ISO 27001 
standards and successfully passed the external surveillance 
audits conducted by TÜV SÜD.
We achieved 100% compliance with all applicable 
requirements of the ISO 9001 Quality Management 
System and ISO 27001 Information Security Management 
System standards.
Future Outlook
The outlook for the sectors we serve remains positive.
India’s automotive and auto component industries continue 
to benefit from strong domestic demand, increasing 
exports, localisation initiatives, and the transition towards 
electric mobility. According to the Automotive Component 
Manufacturers Association of India, the Indian auto 
component industry aims to reach approximately $145 billion 
in turnover by 2030, supported by increasing localisation, 
exports, and the transition towards electric mobility.
The aerospace sector is also witnessing strong momentum, 
supported by increasing commercial aviation demand, 
defence modernisation programmes, localisation initiatives, 
and growing participation by global aerospace Original 
Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs).
The machine tool industry is expected to benefit from 
sustained investments in manufacturing, automation, 
and industrial modernisation, supported by government 
initiatives such as the “Make in India” programme.
Against this backdrop, RV Forms & Gears LLP is well 
positioned to benefit from these long-term growth trends.
As we move forward, we remain grateful for the trust 
placed in us by our customers, employees, partners, 
and shareholders. Their continued support inspires us 
to pursue higher standards of innovation, quality, and 
operational excellence.
With sincere appreciation for your continued trust 
and support.
Thanks & Regards,
Reji Varghese
President 
RV Forms & Gears LLP
President’s Message
Letter from the President, 
RV Forms & Gears LLP
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
2726


===== PAGE 17 =====
Governance
Strong Foundations. 
Responsible Growth.
Mr. M.R. Vikram
Chairman
M.R. Vikram, (Vikram) is a Partner of M. Anandam & Co., 
Secunderabad, a leading firm of Chartered Accountants 
in India. He has over 45 years rich experience in Audit 
and Assurance Services. He is an expert on capital 
markets, finance and regulatory issues in the Indian 
business landscape. 
Over his long and illustrious career, Vikram has conducted 
various special assignments for the RBI, IRDA, IDBI and other 
leading financial institutions in the country. Formerly, he has 
held Directorship positions at Indian Bank, Indian Overseas 
Bank and Bank of Rajasthan.
Presently, Vikram is also Chairman of Sai Silks Kalamandir 
Ltd and a Director of Ahlada Engineers (both Listed)  and 
an Independent Director of Facebook India Online Services 
Pvt. Ltd., Chettinad Cement Corporation Limited,  Shirdi Sai 
Electricals Ltd, GVPR Engineers ltd etc., 
Vikram is the Chairman and Managing Trustee of M. 
Venkatarangaiya Foundation, one of India’s largest non-
profit initiatives to eradicate child labour and has mobilised 
more than 15 Lakh  children to schools, across 7 states in 
India. He is also the founder trustee of Manthan, India’s 
leading discussion group on public issues. He is also the 
Chairman of Centre for Collective Development  dealing 
with farmer cooperatives with more than 20000 farmers in 
Andhra Pradesh.
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan 
Managing Director
Rabindra Srikantan (Rabindra) holds dual MS degrees  
in Computer Engineering and Computer Science from  
the University of Louisiana, USA. He obtained his BE in  
Electrical and Electronics from PSG College of Technology,  
Coimbatore, and completed his schooling at Hyderabad  
Public School, Begumpet. 
Rabindra is the Founder and Managing Director of ASM  
Technologies Limited, a successful entrepreneur with 
over 35 years of experience in Engineering Research and  
Development (ER&D) and Design-Led Manufacturing. He  
also serves as the President and Chief Operating Officer of  
ASM Digital Technologies Inc. in the USA, Director of ASM  
Digital Technologies Pte Ltd in Singapore, Director of ASM  
Engineering Pvt Ltd in the UK, and Designated Partner of RV  
Forms and Gears LLP . He also serves as an Independent Director  
on the Board of Deccan Cements Limited.  
ASM Technologies Limited is a publicly listed company in 
India. With over three decades of experience in engineering  
services, Rabindra has led ASM’s transition into design-led  
manufacturing. The Company focuses on two main verticals:  
Hi-tech Capital Equipment and Engineering.  
ASM Technologies has multiple delivery locations in India  
and a global presence in the USA, UK, Singapore, Vietnam,  
Canada, Japan, and Mexico. 
Rabindra leads ASM Ventures, focusing on early-stage  
investments in cybersecurity, networking, wireless  
technology, smart manufacturing, and Industrial Internet  
of Things (IIoT). ASM Technologies supports innovation, 
education, and sports through social responsibility  
initiatives. His leadership roles include Chairman of CII  
Karnataka, Charter Member of TiE, and former member  
of NASSCOM’s Engineering R&D Council, as well as past 
Chairman of the Indo-American Chamber of  
Commerce in Karnataka.
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Director
M. Lakshminarayan ( Lakshminarayan) holds a Master’s 
Degree in Technology from the Indian Institute of 
Technology (IIT) Bombay. Prior to ASM, he was the Executive 
Chairman of HARMAN International (India) Pvt. Ltd. His 
experience spans over 40 distinguished years in companies 
such as Bosch and Tata Motors. At Bosch, where he spent 
over 24 years, he held various leadership positions and 
was responsible for the company’s tremendous growth in 
India’s automotive space. Before Bosch, he served in a senior 
management role at Tata Motors.
Currently, Lakshminarayan also serves as Director on the 
Boards of Sansera Engineering Ltd,  Brose India Automotive 
Systems Pvt. Ltd., Janaadhar (India) Private Ltd., Kirlosakar 
Management Services Pvt Ltd., and Pinnacle Mobility 
Solutions Pvt Ltd
Lakshminarayan has served as the Chairman (South) at 
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and has been on 
the executive council team at the American Chamber 
of Commerce. He is also the co-founder and current 
Chairman of Bengaluru City Connect, a non-profit forum 
that brainstorms solutions to issues related to urban 
management in Bengaluru.
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
Director
Shekar Viswanathan, (Shekar) retired in November 2020 
as the  Vice Chairman and Whole-time Director of Toyota 
Kirloskar Motor Pvt. Ltd. having joined the car company’s 
Board of Directors in 2008. He majored in Economics while 
graduating from the University of Madras and is a qualified 
Chartered Accountant. Prior to his tenure at Toyota Kirloskar 
Motor, he was a member of the Board of Directors of Toyota 
Kirloskar Auto Parts Pvt. Ltd., where he was responsible for 
the finance, human resources, and legal functions. He also 
served on the Board of TG Kirloskar Automotive Pvt. Ltd., 
another Toyota group company. 
Shekar’s experience spans  a career of 38 years across  the 
automobile, financial services and project finance sectors. 
He is a member of many leading industrial associations 
in India, and has  held positions  such as President of the 
Bangalore Chamber of Commerce & Industry (2009-2010), 
and Chairman of SIAM MUV Committee 2010. He was also 
an elected member of CII Southern Regional Council 2009-
2011 and  was also the Chairman of CII Karnataka and FICCI 
Karnataka. He was also an Executive Committee member 
of FICCI at the national level and the Board of Governors at 
Bangalore International Centre.
He is currently a Director on the Boards of Jay Bharat Maruti 
Limited., Uno Minda Limited, Nucleus Software Exports 
Limited. (all listed companies) and Brakes India Private 
Limited., ANA ARC Pvt. Ltd., and Nettur Technical Training 
Foundation  (NTTF).
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
2928


===== PAGE 18 =====
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan 
Director
Ramesh Radhakrishnan (Ramesh) is a graduate of IIT 
Madras and holds a Master’s degree in Systems Engineering 
from the University of Virginia at Charlottesville. With 
over 30 years of operational and business experience, 
Ramesh is a seasoned entrepreneur and an expert in the 
technology and healthcare sectors. He started his career 
at Hewlett Packard Networks Division in Cupertino and 
was a founding member of four highly successful startups 
in Silicon Valley. The first startup, Zeitnet, a pioneer in 
high-speed switching, was acquired by Cabletron. This 
was followed by Clarity Wireless, a pioneer in wireless 
DSL, acquired by Cisco. The third, Airgo Networks, the 
creator of MIMO OFDM, was acquired by Qualcomm. The 
last startup, FireEye, developed technology to detect and 
nullify malware and went public on the US stock market. 
Ramesh holds several patents in networking, security, and 
wireless technologies. 
Ramesh  is a partner at the venture capital firm 
Artiman Capital India Ltd, which invests in early-stage 
Indian and global companies in the technology and 
healthcare sectors.
Mr. Hardik Agrawal 
Director
Hardik Agrawal (Hardik) is a distinguished technology 
professional turned investor with a strong track record 
in leadership and business development. Having 
spent 12 years in Silicon Valley as a leader at various 
technology companies, he brings invaluable expertise to 
our organization. 
He spearheaded eBay’s US and UK Credit businesses, 
growing them from $900M to $2.1B+ in payments within 
2 years. As a leader at Wish.com, he helped the startup 
grow into a well-structured organization by co-leading the 
company’s hiring for product & technology teams.
Hardik holds a B.Sc. in Computer Science and Electrical 
Engineering from UC Berkeley and specialized coursework 
at Stanford University. During his undergraduate tenure, 
Hardik co-founded Calhaps, an app that quickly gained 
traction among students, showcasing his ability to identify 
and execute on market opportunities. 
More recently, Hardik co-founded Ace Investments 
through which he identifies and supports businesses 
with transformative growth potential. With this extensive 
network & experience, Hardik is well-positioned to drive 
strategic growth and innovation in our company.
Ms. Preeti Rabindra
Director
Preeti Rabindra (Preeti) holds Bachelor’s and Master’s 
degrees in Commerce from the University of Delhi. She is 
the designated partner at IDS Systems LLP . She is an avid 
sports enthusiast. 
Preeti is also involved in all CSR activities of ASM 
Technologies, such as Dr. S Srikantan Memorial Award – 
SUSIEC in association with IETE, Techlabike Programme 
– Agastya International Foundation, and Dr. R.P . Shenoy 
award for Excellence in Science – Kendriya Vidyalaya, DRDO 
Complex. She leads the OSAAT Educational Charitable 
Trust and Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital as the CSR 
initiative of ASM Technologies. 
Akhil Rabindra 
Executive Director
Mr. Akhil Rabindra is the Executive Director, at ASM 
Technologies Ltd., an Engineering Design Led Manufacturing 
company. Akhil is playing a key role in driving the company’s 
vision through engineering innovation, product development, 
Industrial AI and advanced manufacturing capabilities. He 
works closely with global customers to transform ideas into 
market-ready products across high-technology sectors.
Representing the next generation of leadership at ASM 
Technologies, Akhil is focused on strengthening the 
Company’s design-led engineering capabilities, expanding its 
manufacturing excellence and delivering innovative, high-
value technology solutions for global markets.
Beyond the corporate world, Akhil has a distinguished 
background in international motorsport. He was the only Asian 
selected to the FIA Young Driver Excellence Academy and the 
Aston Martin Racing Driver Academy, and won the inaugural 
Indian Racing League Drivers’ Championship in 2022. His 
experience in motorsport reflects the precision, discipline and 
pursuit of excellence that define his professional approach. 
A graduate of the University of Edinburgh, he brings the 
same passion, determination and global perspective to his 
leadership role at ASM Technologies.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
3130


===== PAGE 19 =====
To the Boards' Members,
We are pleased to present the 34 th Annual Report together with the Audited Accounts of your Company for the year  
ended March 31, 2026
1. Financial Results 
2025-2026 2024-2025
Revenue from operations 4797.86 2397.73
Other operating income 107.83 148.40
Expenses
Employee benefits expense 1993.23 1399.33
Cost of goods Sold 1600.80 297.98
(Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories ( 547.53) (78.60)
Finance Costs 75.98 100.07
Depreciation 105.59 62.09
Other expenses 795.15 403.05
Profit/(Loss) before tax 882.47 362.21
Current Tax 207.65 81.01
Deferred Tax Income/expense 18.79 11.91
Exceptional Item 16.12  3.79
Profit/(Loss)for the year 639.91 262.94
Other Comprehensive Income
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
  Remeasurement of defined benefit plans (2.60) (4.04)
 (ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
  Deferred tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans -
0.65 1.02
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
  Changes in fair value of investments in equity instruments 24.26 (5.39)
 (ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
  Deferred tax on changes in fair value of investments in equity instruments (3.48) 0.77
Total comprehensive income for the year 658.74 255.30
2. Results of Operation
  ASM Technologies, along with its subsidiaries, leverages over three decades of experience, ASM has been supporting 
customers in the areas of Engineering Design led Manufacturing. Our successful Offshore Development and Support Centers, 
located in India and overseas, cater to our esteemed global clientele.
  During the financial year, ASM explored new growth opportunities and achieved expansion in both domestic and 
international markets. This performance underscores ASM's strategic journey to reposition itself as a unique technology 
solutions provider. We are dedicated to developing innovative platforms that empower our customers to gain a competitive 
edge through our future-ready digital transformation initiatives.
  On the standalone front, ASM registered a total revenue of I 4797.86 million for the year ended March 31, 2026. Domestic 
sales contributed  I3864.84 million, while export sales accounted for I 933.02 million. The EBITDA stood at I 969.94 million, 
with a net profit after tax of I 639.91 million.
  On a consolidated basis, the total revenue for the year ended March 31, 2026 was I5285.17 million. The EBITDA was I1021.96 
million, and the net profit after tax was I 607.61 million.
Boards’ Report
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
32

===== PAGE 20 =====
3. Dividend/ Transfer to reserves
  During FY26, the Company declared interim dividends of ₹1.00 per equity share on August 09, 2025, ₹1.00 per equity share 
on November 08, 2025 and ₹2.50 per equity share on January 31, 2026.
  In line with the Company’s Dividend Distribution Policy, the Board of Directors is pleased to recommend, for approval of 
the Members, a final dividend of ₹12.00 per equity share of face value ₹10 each for FY26.
  The total dividend amount paid/payable for FY26, including the proposed final dividend, if approved by the Members at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting, would aggregate to ₹175.09 million.
 Your Company has not transferred any amount to reserve for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.
4. Subsidiary Companies
  The consolidated Accounts of your Company and its subsidiaries viz., ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd (Formely known 
as Advanced Synergic Pte Ltd), Singapore, ASM Digital Technologies Inc (Formely known as Pinnacle Talent Inc), USA, ASM 
Technologies KK, Japan, RV Forms & Gears LLP , ASM HHV Engineering Pvt Ltd and ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd( Formely 
Known as Semcon Engineering Pvt Ltd), UK and ASM Technologies Viet Nam Co. Ltd, Vitenam duly audited, are presented 
as part of this Report in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards ( IndAs) and the Listing Regulations with the Stock 
Exchange, wherever applicable. The statement pursuant to the provisions to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act 2013, 
containing salient features of the financial statement of the Company’s Subsidiaries in FormAOC1 is given in Annexure –II . 
The Accounts of the Subsidiaries audited for the purpose of consolidation shall be placed on your Company's website and 
made available for inspection by any Shareholder at the Company's Registered Office and at the respective registered offices 
of the Subsidiary companies. Copies can be made available on request, to the shareholders of the Company.
  Your Company has formulated and adopted a "Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries" so that your company could 
identify such subsidiaries and formulate governance framework for them. The Policy for determining 'material' subsidiaries 
is posted on Company's website: www.asmltd.com
5. Future Outlook
 This has been provided in else in this annual report.
6. Management Discussion and Analysis Report
  Management Discussion and Analysis Report as required under Regulation 34 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements ) Regulations 2015, is disclosed separately in the Annual Report.
7 . Board Meetings
  During the year under review the Board of Directors held 6 meetings, on 18.05.2025, 09.08.2025, 08.11.2025, 31.01.2026, 
20.02.2026 and 19.03.2026. The maximum interval between two meetings did not exceed 120 days.
8.  Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
  As per the provision of companies Act 2013 Ms. Preeti Rabindra(DIN 00216818), Director, retires by rotation and being eligible, 
offers herself for re-appointment at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). The Board recommends her appointment 
for consideration of members of the Company. Brief profile of Ms. Preeti Rabindra is given in the notes to the Notice of the 
ensuing AGM.
9. Disclosure on compliance with Secretarial Standards
  Directors confirm that the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, have been 
complied with.
10. Independent Directors
  Your Company has laid down procedures to be followed for familiarizing the Independent Directors with your Company, 
their roles, rights, responsibilities in your Company and to impart the required information and training to enable them 
contribute significantly to your Company. All the Independent Directors of the Company have given declarations that they 
meet the criteria of independence as laid down under section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations. 
The Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have complied with the Company's Code of Conduct. All the 
Independent Directors of the Company have given declarations that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down 
under section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations.
11.  Director’s Responsibility Statement
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134 (5)of the Companies Act 2013, the Directors hereby confirm that:
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
33


===== PAGE 21 =====
 a)  in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026 the applicable accounting 
standards has been followed along with proper explanation relating to material departures:
 b)  the Directors have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates 
that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company at the end of 
the financial year and of the profit or loss of the company for that period;
 c)  the Directors have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the company and for preventing and detecting fraud and 
other irregularities;
 d)  the Directors have prepared annual accounts of the company on a going concern basis.
 e)  the Directors have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal financial 
controls are adequate and were operating effectively.
 f)  The Directors have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that 
such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
12.  Significant and material orders passed by the regulators or courts and Material Changes and 
commitments affecting the financial position of the company.
  There are no significant material orders passed by the Regulators/Courts which would impact the going concern status of the 
company and its future operations. There are no material changes and commitments, if any, affecting the financial position 
of the company which occurred between the end the financial year of the company to which the financial statements relate 
and the date of this report.
13. Audit Committee
  The Audit committee met four times during the financial year under review and all its recommendations were accepted by 
the Board.
  Your Company has established the Vigil Mechanism, an Ombuds process which is a channel for receiving and redressing 
of employees complaints. This mechanism covers questionable financial or accounting matters and reporting fraudulent 
financial information to the shareholders, the government or any other legal authority. This meets the requirement 
under Section 177(9) and(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 22 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
14.  Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship and Share Transfer 
Committee
  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has framed a policy for selection and appointment of Directors including 
determining qualifications of Independent Director, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel and their 
remuneration as part of its charter and other matters provided under Section 178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013. A copy of 
the policy forms part of this report vide Annexure- I. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of a company has been 
obligated under Section 178 of the Act to formulate a policy for recommending to the Board of directors of the company for 
setting the criteria based on which the performance of every Director including the performance of the Board as a whole 
shall be assessed by the Board of Directors of the Company.
15. Familiarisation Programme
  The Company has put in place an induction and familiarisation programme for all its Directors including the Independent 
Directors. The familiarisation programme for Independent Directors in terms of provisions of Regulation 46(2)(i) of Listing 
Regulations, is uploaded on the website of the Company.- https://www.asmltd.com
16. Secretarial Audit
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 and The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Company has appointed BMP & Co., LLP , Company Secretaries, to undertake the 
Secretarial Audit of the Company. The Report of the Secretarial Audit in Form MR3 for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 
is annexed as Annexure - III  to the Report. There are no qualifications, reservations or adverse marks made by Secretarial 
Auditor in the Report.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
34

===== PAGE 22 =====
  Further, it is to be noted that M/s BMP & Co., LLP ,, Company Secretaries is appointed as Secretarial Auditors of your Company 
for a period of 5 (Five) consecutive financial years i.e., from the FY 2025- 26 to FY 2029-30 to undertake Secretarial.
17. Auditor`s Report
  There are no qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks made by M/s B K Ramadhyani & Co, LLP , Chartered Accountants 
Statutory Auditors, in their report for the financial Year ended March 31, 2026. The Statutory Auditors have not reported any 
incident of fraud under Section 143(12) of the Act and the rules made thereunder to the Audit Committee of the company 
in the year under review.
18.  Recommendation of the committees of Board There were no such instances during the financial year 2025-26, wherein the 
board had not accepted the recommendation(s) made by any committees of the board.
19.  Prevention of Insider Trading: In compliance with the provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 (as amended from time to time) and to preserve the confidentiality and prevent misuse 
of unpublished price sensitive information, the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for regulating, monitoring and 
reporting of trading by insiders. This Code also provides for periodical disclosures from the designated Persons and their 
immediate Relatives as well as pre-clearance of transactions by such persons as per the thresholds mentioned in the code. 
The code is applicable to Designated Persons and their Immediate relatives who are likely or may reasonably be expected 
to have access to the unpublished price sensitive information relating to the Company and the same is being implemented 
as a self-regulatory mechanism. The said code of conduct may be accessed at asmltd.com
20.  Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement as specified under 
Regulation 32 (7A) – asmltd.com
21.  Conservation of energy, technology absorption and Foreign Exchange Outgo
  The company's operations involve low energy consumption. However the efforts to conserve and optimize the use of energy 
through improved operational method and other means will continue.
 The company has not imported any technology. Foreign exchange earnings and outgo
  During the financial year under review 58.55 % of the revenue came from export of software services resulting in a foreign 
exchange inflow of I715.93 mn and the foreign exchange outgo on account of overseas salaries, traveling etc was I136.87 mn.
22. Public Deposits
 Your Company has not accepted any deposits from the public during the financial year under review.
23.  Disclosures as required under Section 22 of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act , 2013
  Your Company has in place a Prevention of Sexual Harassment ( POSH) Policy in line with the requirements of Sexual 
harassment of Women at Workplace ( Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act 2013. Your Company has through the Policy 
constituted a committee and has established a grievance procedure for protection against victimization. Your Company is 
committed to provide a healthy environment to all employees conducive to work without the fear of prejudice and gender 
bias. During the year under review , there were no cases filed pursuant to the said Act.
Number of complaint filed during the financial year 2025-26 Nil
Number of complaint disposed off during the financial year 2025-26 Nil
Number of complaint pending as end of the financial year Nil
24. Details of Adequacy of Internal Financial Controls
  Your Company has deployed adequate Internal Control Systems in place to ensure a smooth functioning of its business. 
The processes and systems are reviewed constantly and improved upon to meet the changing business environment. The 
Control Systems provide a reasonable assurance of recording the transactions of its operations in all material aspects and 
of providing protection against misuse or loss of Company’s assets. The Internal auditors periodically review the internal 
control systems, policies and procedures for their adequacy, effectiveness and continuous operation for addressing risk 
management and mitigation strategies.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
35


===== PAGE 23 =====
25. Particulars of Loans, guarantees or investments
  During the Financial Year under review, the details The particulars of loans, guarantees and investments as per Section 186 
of the Act by the Company, have been disclosed in the financial statements.
26. Risk Management Policy
  The Risk management Policy of your company continuously evaluates the various risks surrounding business and seeks to 
review and upgrade its risk management process. To further the endeavour your Board constantly formulates strategies 
directed at mitigating these risks which get implemented at the Executive Management level and a regular update is 
provided to the Board.
27 . Internal financial control systems and their adequacy
  The details in respect of internal financial control and their adequacy are included in the Management Discussion and 
Analysis, which is a part of this report.
28. Annual Return
  Pursuant to Section 92(3) read with Section 134(3)(a) of the Act, the Annual Return as on March 31, 2026
 is available on the Company’s website at asmltd.com
29. Credit rating of securities:
 (a) credit rating obtained in respect of various securities: NA
 (b) name of the credit rating agency; NA
 (c) date on which the credit rating was obtained: NA
 (d) revision in the credit rating: NA
 (e) reasons provided by the rating agency for a downward revision, if any: NA
30. Corporate Social Responsibility Policy (CSR)
  Your company has formulated CSR policy which is posted on the website at www.asmltd.com. In pursuance to the provisions 
of Section 135 and Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 the company constituted a CSR Committee of the Board to (a) 
formulate and recommend a CSR policy (b) recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the CSR activities 
and (c) monitor implementation of the CSR policy from time to time. The terms of reference of the CSR committee are in 
accordance with Section 135 of the Companies Act 2013. The Annual Report on CSR in the prescribed format is enclosed to 
this Report as Annexure-IV .
31. Related Party Transactions
  The company has in place formulated a Policy on materiality of Related Party transactions for dealing with such transactions 
in line with the requirements of the Listing Regulations with the Stock Exchange. . The policy on related party transactions 
is available on the Company's website at - https://www.asmltd.com
  Particulars of contracts or Arrangements with related parties referred to in Section 188(1) of the Companies Act 2013 in the 
format specified as Form AOC2 forms part of this Report as Annexure- V
32. Board Evaluation
  Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations, the Board is required to monitor 
and review the Board evaluation framework. In line with the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Annual Performance 
Evaluation is conducted for all Board Members as well as the working of the Board and its Committees. The Board works 
with the Nomination and Remuneration committee to lay down the evaluation criteria for the performance of executive/
nonexecutive/independent directors through a peer evaluation, excluding the director being evaluated through a Board 
effectiveness survey. The questionnaire of the survey forms an integral part of reviewing the functioning and effectiveness of 
the Board and for identifying possible paths for improvement. Each Board member is required to evaluate the effectiveness 
of the Board and its committees on various parameters and feed back on each Director is part of the survey. The outcome 
of the Board evaluation for the financial year 2025-26 was discussed by the Board at their meeting held on January 31, 2026.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
36

===== PAGE 24 =====
33. Remuneration to Director and Employees
  Details/Disclosures of ratio of remuneration to each Director to median employee’s remuneration as required pursuant 
to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and details of remuneration paid to Employees vide Rule 5(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is given as Annexure- VI
34. Corporate Governance Report
  Your Company has taken adequate steps to adhere to all the stipulations as laid down in Pursuant to Schedule V (C) of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015. As required, a Report on Corporate Governance is 
provided elsewhere in this Annual Report along with Auditor’s Certificate on compliance thereof.
35. Auditors
  M/s. B K Ramadhyani & Co. LLP , Chartered Accountants, were re-appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company at the 
30th Annual General Meeting ('AGM') held on July 16, 2022 for a period of 5 years, up to the conclusion of 35 th AGM. M/s. B 
K Ramadhyani & Co. LLP have given their consent for their re-appointment as Statutory Auditors of the Company and has 
issued certificate confirming that their re-appointment, if made, will be within the limits prescribed under the provisions 
of Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') and the rules made thereunder. M/s. B K Ramadhyani & Co. LLP have 
confirmed that they are eligible for the proposed appointment under the Act, the Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 and the 
rules or regulations made thereunder. As confirmed to Audit Committee and stated in their report on financial statements, 
the Auditors have reported their independence from the Company and its subsidiary according to the Code of Ethics 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ('ICAI') and the ethical requirements relevant to audit. Based on 
the recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, it is hereby proposed to re-appoint M/s. B K 
Ramadhyani & Co. LLP , Chartered Accountants, having registration No.0028785/S200021, as the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company for the second and final term of five consecutive years, who shall hold office from the conclusion of this 30 th AGM 
till the conclusion of the 35th AGM of the Company. The requirement for the annual ratification of auditors' appointment at 
the AGM has been omitted as per Companies (Amendment) Act 2017 notification on May 07, 2018.
  Total fees for all services paid by the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the statutory auditor and all 
entities in the network firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part is given below:
I in mn.
Payment to Statutory Auditors FY 2025-26
Audit Fees 2.52
Others Service 0.76
Total 3.28
31. Acknowledgments
 Your Directors take this opportunity to express their gratitude to -
  Our esteemed customers, shareholders, vendors, business partners, advisors and consultants for their unstinted support. The 
contribution made by our employees at all levels. Our consistent growth was made possible by their solidarity, cooperation 
and support.
 y India - State Bank of India, ICICI Bank Limited, SIDBI, EXIM; US - WesBanco Bank Inc; UK - State Bank of India; Singapore - 
Indian Bank, ICICI Bank; Japan - State Bank of India, Rakuten Bank
 y Central and State Government, Customs, Meity (Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology )Reserve Bank of 
India, Software Technology Parks (STPI)
 y CII, ICEA, ICEMA and NASSCOM for their guidance
  For and on behalf of the Board 
  ASM Technologies Ltd.
Place : Bangalore  M. R. Vikram   Rabindra Srikantan
Date :-May 9, 2026 Chairman  Managing Director
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
37


===== PAGE 25 =====
ANNEXURE – I
1. Introduction
  The Nomination & Remuneration Policy (“Policy”) of ASM Technologies Limited (“ASM” or “Company”) is formulated under 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) rules made thereunder and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended (“Listing Regulations”) and other applicable laws (hereinafter referred to as “Relevant laws” )
2. Definitions
  “Board of Directors”  or “Board”, in relation to a company, means the collective body of the Directors of the company
  “Committee” means Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company as constituted or reconstituted by the 
Board, in accordance with the Act and applicable Listing Regulation.
 “Company” means ASM Technologies Limited
  “Independent Director”  means a Director referred to in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made 
thereunder and Regulations of the Listing Regulation, and amendments thereto.
 “Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)”  means -
 i) the Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer or manager
 ii) the Company Secretary
 iii) the Whole-Time Director
 iv) the Chief Financial Officer
 v)  such other officer, not more than one level below the directors who is in whole-time employment, designated as  
key managerial personnel by the Board; and
 vi)  Any other person as defined under the Act from time to time
 “Policy” means Nomination and remuneration & Board Diversity policy of the Company.
  “Senior Management” shall mean the officers and personnel of the listed entity who are members of its core management 
team, excluding the Board of Directors, and shall also comprise all the members of the management one level below the 
Chief Executive Officer or Managing Director or Whole Time Director or Manager (including Chief Executive Officer and 
Manager, in case they are not part of the Board of Directors) and shall specifically include the functional heads, by whatever 
name called and the Company Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer.
  Unless the context otherwise requires, words and expressions used in this Policy and not defined herein but defined in 
the Act and Listing Regulations as may be amended from time to time shall have the meaning respectively assigned to 
them therein.
3. Purpose and Objective
  The objectives and purpose of this Policy are:
 y To formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, competencies, positive attributes, and independence for 
appointment of a director (Whole-Time/ Non-Executive/ Independent) of the Company (“Director”); and
 y To recommend policy relating to the remuneration of the Directors, KMP and Senior Management to the Board of 
Directors of the Company ( “Board” ).
  This includes reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the Whole-Time 
Directors, evaluating their performance in light of those goals and objectives and either as a committee or together with the 
other independent Directors (as directed by the Board), determine and approve Whole-Time Directors’ compensation based 
on this evaluation; making recommendations to the Board with respect to KMP and Senior Management compensation and 
recommending incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to approval of the Board.
4.  Constitution of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
  The Board has the power to constitute / reconstitute the Committee from time to time in order to make it consistent with 
Company’s policies and applicable statutory requirements.
  The Committee shall consist of such number of directors as specified by the relevant applicable laws. The Membership of 
the Committee shall be disclosed in the Annual Report.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
38

===== PAGE 26 =====
5. Key objectives and the role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall be responsible for the following:
 1.  Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director 
and recommend to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration of the directors, managerial personnel and 
other employees.
   For every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the 
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of 
the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The person recommended to the Board for appointment 
as an independent director shall have the capabilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying 
suitable candidates, the Committee may:
  a. use the services of an external agencies, if required;
  b. consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
  c. consider the time commitments of the candidates
 2.  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, while formulating the above policy, should ensure that —
  I.  The level and composition of remuneration be reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate directors 
of the quality required to run the Company successfully.
  II.  relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks; and
  III.  remuneration to directors, managerial personnel and senior management involves a balance between fixed and 
incentive pay reflecting short- and long-term performance objectives appropriate to the working of the Company 
and its goals.
 3.   Formulation of criteria for evaluation of independent directors and the Board.
 4.  Devising a policy on Board diversity.
 5. Analysing, monitoring and reviewing various human resource and compensation matters.
 6.  Determining the Company’s policy on specific remuneration packages for executive directors including pension rights 
and any compensation payment, and determining remuneration packages of such directors.
 7.  Determine compensation levels payable to the senior management personnel and other staff (as deemed necessary), 
which shall be market-related, usually consisting of a fixed and variable component.
 8.  Reviewing and approving compensation strategy from time to time in the context of the then current Indian market 
in accordance with applicable laws.
 9.  Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in 
accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board their appointment and removal and shall carry 
out evaluation of every director’s performance (including independent director).
 10.  Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report of 
performance evaluation of directors; and
 11.  Carrying out any other functions required to be undertaken by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee under 
applicable law.
 12.  Perform such functions as are required to be performed by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee under  
the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, including the following:
  a)  administering the ESOP if any. (Plan);
  b)  determining the eligibility of employees to participate under the Plan;
  c)  granting options to eligible employees and determining the date of grant;
  d) determining the number of options to be granted to an employee;
  e) determining the exercise price under the Plan; and
  f)  construing and interpreting the Plan and any agreements defining the rights and obligations of the Company and 
eligible employees under the Plan, and prescribing, amending and/or rescinding rules and regulations relating 
to the administration of the Plan.
 13.  Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report of 
performance evaluation of directors.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
39


===== PAGE 27 =====
6. Policy for Appointment and Removal of Directors, KMP and Senior Management
 Appointment criteria and qualifications:
 a)  The Committee shall identify and ascertain the integrity, qualification, expertise and experience of the person for 
appointment as Director, Managerial Personnel or at Senior Management level and recommend his / her appointment, 
as per Company’s Policy.
 b)  A person should possess adequate qualification, expertise and experience for the position he / she is considered for 
appointment. The Committee has authority to decide whether qualification, expertise and experience possessed by 
a person is sufficient / satisfactory for the position.
 c)  The Company shall not appoint or continue the employment of any person as Whole-time Director or Managing 
Director who has attained the age of seventy years. Provided that the term of the person holding this position may be 
extended beyond the age of seventy years with the approval of shareholders by passing a special resolution.
 Term / Tenure:
 a)  Managing Director / Whole-time Director
   The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as its Executive Chairman, Managing Director or Executive 
Director for a term not exceeding five years at a time. No re -appointment shall be made earlier than one year before 
the expiry of term.
 b)  Non-Executive Director
   Non-Executive Director’s office is subject to retirement by rotation at the Annual General Meeting in the manner as 
specified under relevant laws.
 c)  Independent Director
   An Independent Director shall hold office for a term up to five consecutive years on the Board of the Company subject 
to the relevant applicable laws.. As per Regulation 25(2A) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, the appointment, re-appointment 
or removal of an independent director of a listed entity, shall be subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a 
special resolution.
   Provided that where a special resolution for the appointment of an independent director fails to get the requisite 
majority of votes but the votes cast in favour of the resolution exceed the votes cast against the resolution and the 
votes cast by the public shareholders in favour of the resolution exceed the votes cast against the resolution, then the 
appointment of such an independent director shall be deemed to have been made under sub-regulation (2A)
   Provided further that an independent director appointed under the first proviso shall be removed only if the votes 
cast in favour of the resolution proposing the removal exceed the votes cast against the resolution and the votes cast 
by the public shareholders in favour of the resolution exceed the votes cast against the resolution.
   No Independent Director shall hold office for more than two consecutive terms of up to maximum of 5 years each, 
but such Independent Director shall be eligible for appointment after expiry of three years of ceasing to become an 
Independent Director.
   Provided that an Independent Director shall not, during the said period of three years, be appointed in or be associated 
with the Company in any other capacity, either directly or indirectly.
   Independent Directors shall register themselves in the databank of Independent Directors in accordance with the 
provisions of Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Fifth Amendment Rules, 2019
   Unless exempt, the Independent Directors shall pass the online proficiency self-assessment test as per the provisions 
of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Fifth Amendment Rules, 2019
 Evaluation:
  The Committee shall carry out evaluation of performance of every Director, managerial personnel and Senior Management 
Personnel yearly or at such intervals as may be considered necessary.
 Removal:
  The Committee may recommend with reasons recorded in writing, removal of a Director, Managerial Personnel or Senior 
Management Personnel subject to the provisions and compliance of the applicable relevant laws, and the policy of 
the Company.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
40

===== PAGE 28 =====
 Retirement:
  The Director, Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel shall retire as per the applicable provisions of the 
Act and the prevailing policy of the Company. The Board will have the discretion to retain the Director, Managerial Personnel 
and Senior Management Personnel in the same position / remuneration or otherwise even after attaining the retirement 
age, for the benefit of the Company.
7 .  Board Diversity:
  We recognize the need to provide standards for having a diversified Board with ability to base its decisions and help to 
improve the performance of the organization significantly and for leveraging on the differences within the expertise of the 
Board, offering a broad range of perspectives that are directly relevant to the business.
  The Board shall consist of such optimum combination of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent Directors (including 
one Independent Woman Director) in accordance with requirements of the Companies Act, SEBI Listing Regulations and 
other statutory, regulatory and contractual obligations of the Company.
  The Committee will lead the process for Board appointments and forward its recommendations to the Board. All Board 
appointments will be based on the skills, diverse experience, independence and knowledge, which the Board as a whole 
requires to be effective. The Committee shall address Board vacancies by actively considering candidates that bring a 
diversity of background and industry experience or related expertise. The candidates will be considered against objective 
criteria having due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board.
  Additionally, the Committee may consider appointment of experts from various specialized fields such as finance, 
law, information technology, corporate strategy, marketing, business development, international business, operations 
management or any other professional area, so as to bring diversified skill sets on Board or succeed any outgoing Director 
with the same expertise.
8. Familiarisation Programme:
  In accordance with the applicable relevant laws, the Committee shall familiarize the Independent Directors through various 
programs about the Company.
9. Policy Relating to Remuneration for Directors, KMP and Senior Management
 1) Remuneration to Managing Director / Whole-time Director / Executive Director:
  a)  The Remuneration/ Commission etc. to be paid to Managing Director / Whole -time Directors, etc. shall be 
governed as per provisions of the relevant laws or any other enactment for the time being in force and the 
approvals obtained from the Members of the Company.
  b)  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall make such recommendations to the Board of Directors, as 
it may consider appropriate with regard to remuneration to Managing Director / Whole-time Directors.
 2) Remuneration to Non- Executive / Independent Director:
  a)  The Non-Executive / Independent Directors may receive sitting fees and such other remuneration as permissible 
under the provisions of relevant laws. The amount of sitting fees shall be such as may be recommended by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of Directors.
  b)  All the remuneration of the Non- Executive / Independent Directors (excluding remuneration for attending 
meetings as prescribed under Section 197 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013) including any commission shall 
be subject to ceiling/ limits as provided under Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder or any other 
enactment for the time being in force. The amount of such remuneration shall be such as may be recommended 
by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of Directors or shareholders, as 
the case may be.
  c)  Any remuneration paid to Non- Executive / Independent Directors for services rendered which are of professional 
in nature shall not be considered as part of the remuneration for the purposes of clause (b) above if the following 
conditions are satisfied:
   i)  The Services are rendered by such Director in his capacity as the professional; and
   ii)   In the opinion of the Committee, the director possesses the requisite qualification for the practice of 
that profession.
  d)  The Committee of the Company, constituted for the purpose of administering the Employee Stock Option/ 
Purchase Schemes, shall determine the stock options and other share-based payments to be made to Directors.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
41


===== PAGE 29 =====
 3)  Remuneration to Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management:
  a)  The remuneration to Managerial Personnel and Senior Management shall consist of fixed pay and incentive pay, 
in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and in accordance with the Company’s Policy. The 
Company follows salary structure which includes Fixed Salary, Performance Linked Incentive and Retirals.
  b)  The Fixed pay Basic salary, Dearness Allowance and other allowances.
  c)  The Performance Linked Incentive pay shall be decided based on the balance between performance of the 
Company/Business and performance of the Managerial Personnel and Senior Management, to be decided 
annually or at such intervals as may be considered appropriate and as per the policy of the Company.
  d)  The Retirals include Provident Fund and Gratuity. The Committee of the Company, constituted for the purpose 
of administering the Employee Stock Option/ Purchase Schemes, shall determine the stock options and other 
share based payments to be made to Managerial Personnel and Senior Management.
 4)  Remuneration to other employees
   The remuneration of all other employees may be determined by the Senior Management in consultation with the 
Human Resources department of the Company from time to time. The remuneration thus fixed shall be sufficient to 
retain talent and motivate the employees so as to ensure smooth and effective functioning of all the departments of 
the Company.
10.  Directors and Officers Liability Insurance Policy
   The Board shall ensure the Directors and officers (D&O) insurance policy is in place in accordance with the applicable relevant 
laws based on the recommendation of the Committee.
11.  Implementation:
  The Committee may issue guidelines, procedures, formats, reporting mechanism and manuals in supplement and for better 
implementation of this policy as considered appropriate. The Committee may Delegate any of its powers to one or more of 
its members
12.  Review and amendments:
  Any subsequent amendment/modification in the Act or the Rules framed thereunder or the SEBI Listing Regulation and/
or any other laws in this regard the statutes would prevail over the Policy and shall automatically apply to this Policy. The 
Board of Directors on recommendation of the Committee shall review the policy. However, the Board of Directors reserves 
its right to amend or modify the policy in whole or in part, at any time without assigning any reason whatsoever.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
42

===== PAGE 30 =====
Sl. Particulars
ASM Digital 
Technologies Pte 
Ltd (Formerly 
known as 
Advanced 
Synergic Pte Ltd)
ASM Digital 
Technologies 
Inc (Formerly 
known as 
Pinnacle  
Talent Inc,)
ASM 
Technologies 
ltd KK (Japan)
RV Forms & 
Gears LLP
ASM Digital 
Technologies Co 
Ltd (Thailand)
ASM Digital 
Engineering 
Private 
limited (UK)
ASM 
Engineering 
Private 
Limited (UK)
ASM 
Technologies 
Vietnam Co 
Ltd, Vietnam
ASM HHV 
Engineering 
Pvt Ltd
1 Reporting period for the 
subsidiary concerned, if 
different from the holding 
company1s reporting period
April 1, 2025- 
March 31, 2026
April 1, 
2025-March 31, 
2026
April 1, 
2025-March 31, 
2026
April 1, 
2025-March 
31, 2026
April 1, 2025- 
March 31, 2026
April 1, 
2025-March 31, 
2026
April 1, 
2025-March 31, 
2026
April 1, 
2025-March 31, 
2026
April 1, 
2025-March 31, 
2026
2 Reporting Currency SGD USD YEN INR Bhat GBP GBP VND INR
3 Exchange rate as on the last 
date of the relevant financial 
year in case of foreign 
Subsidiaries
I73.11 I94.31 I0.59 I1.00 I2.87 I124.69 I124.69 I0.00 I1.00
4 Share Capital I34.52 I9.94 I8.48 I323.10 - I1.66 - I18.64 I41.00
5 Reserves & Surplus I-57.84 I-219.90 I-17.34 I-239.85 I-0.41 I0.18 I12.81 I-0.15 I-26.68
6 Total Assets I6.10 I74.24 I0.74 I492.22 - I1.85 I27.01 I0.41 I58.86
7 Total Liabilities I29.42 I284.20 I9.60 I408.97 I0.41 I0.01 I14.20 I18.90 I44.54
8 Investments - - - - - - - - -
9 Turnover I28.76 I124.66 - I419.95 - - I98.06 - -
10 Profit/(Loss) before taxation I-4.72 I-19.68 I-0.81 I-34.71 I0.31 - I2.20 I-0.15 I-13.46
11 Provision for taxation I0.00 I0.00 I0.04 I7.50 I0.00 I0.00 I0.00 I0.00 I0.00
12 Profit/( Loss) after taxation I-4.72 I-19.68 I-0.85 I-42.21 I0.31 - I2.20 I-0.15 I-13.46
% of shareholding 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 50%
ANNEXURE – II
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
43


===== PAGE 31 =====
Annexure III
Form MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED March 31, 2026
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014]
To,
The Members,
ASM Technologies Limited
CIN: L85110KA1992PLC013421
Registered Address: 80/2, Lusanne Court,
Richmond Road, Bangalore – 560025, Karnataka.
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by ASM Technologies Limited (hereinafter called the “Company”). The Secretarial Audit was conducted in 
a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our 
opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial 
year ended on March 31, 2026, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper 
Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed, and other records maintained by the Company for 
the financial year ended on March 31, 2026, according to the provisions of:
i. The Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) and the Rules made thereunder;
ii. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”) and the Rules made thereunder;
iii. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Byelaws framed thereunder;
iv.  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings.
v. The Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (“SEBI Act”):
 (a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
 (b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
 (c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
 (e)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Benefits Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 - 
Not Applicable as the Company does not have Employee Stock Option Scheme for its employees;
 (f)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008 and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021 – Not applicable as the 
Company has not issued any debt securities during the financial year under review;
 (g)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 
regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client - Not applicable as the Company is not registered as Registrar to 
an Issue and Share Transfer Agent during the financial year under review;
 (h)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 – Not applicable as the 
Company has not delisted its equity shares from any stock exchange during the financial year under review; and
 (i)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 - Not Applicable as the Company 
has not done any buyback of its securities during the financial year under review.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
44

===== PAGE 32 =====
vi. The Company has identified the following laws as specifically applicable to the Company:
 (a) The Special Economic Zone Act, 2005;
 (b) Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder;
 (c) Policy relating to Software Technology Parks of India and its Regulations
 We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
 (a) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI); and
 (b) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with BSE Limited
  During the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, 
Standards, etc. mentioned above.
 We further report that: -
 i.  The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive 
Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during 
the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
 ii.  Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were sent at least seven days in advance. Further, a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and 
clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
 iii.  Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members’ if any, views are captured and recorded as part of 
the minutes.
 iv.  We further report that based on our review of the compliance mechanisms established by the Company and the 
Compliance Certificate(s) issued/status updates by the Company Secretary, which were recorded by the Board 
of Directors at their meetings, we are of the opinion that the management has adequate systems and processes 
commensurate with its size and operations, to monitor and ensure compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations 
and guidelines.
 v.  As informed, the Company has responded to notices for demands, claims, penalties etc. levied by various statutory / 
regulatory authorities and initiated actions for corrective measures, wherever necessary.
  We further report that during the audit period, the following event(s)/ action(s) which had a major bearing on the Company’s 
affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. referred to above have been 
taken up by the Company during the period under review:
 i.  The Board of Directors passed resolutions for conversion of 27,11,535 warrants into equity shares of the Company during 
the year under review.
    A fine of I25,40,000/- (excluding GST) has been levied by BSE Limited for non-compliance with Paragraph 2 of Schedule 
XIX of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018.  
The non-compliance pertains to the delay in submitting the application for listing of equity shares arising from warrant 
conversion within the prescribed timeline of 20 days from the date of allotment.
 For BMP & Co. LLP,
 Company Secretaries
 Pramod S M
 Partner
Place: Bengaluru FCS No: 7834 CP No: 13784
Date: May 9, 2026 Peer Review Certificate No. 6387/2025
UDIN: F007834H000315658 Firm Registration Number: L2017KR003200
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
45


===== PAGE 33 =====
To,
The Members,
ASM Technologies Limited
CIN: L85110KA1992PLC013421
Registered Address: 80/2, Lusanne Court,
Richmond Road, Bangalore – 560025, Karnataka. 
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter:
1.  Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.  We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected 
in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4.  Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations 
and happening of events etc.
5.  The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, Rules, Regulations, standards is the responsibility 
of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.  The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
7.  We further report that, based on the information provided by the Company its officers, authorised representatives during 
the conduct of the audit and also on the review of quarterly compliance report by the respective departmental heads/
Company Secretary/Managing Director taken on record by the Board of the Company, in our opinion adequate systems 
and process and control mechanism exist in the Company to monitor compliance with applicable general laws like labour 
laws & Environment laws and Data protection policy.
8.  We further report that the Compliance by the Company of applicable financial laws like Direct & Indirect tax laws has not been 
reviewed in this audit since the same has been subject to review by the statutory financial audit and other designated professionals.
‘Annexure A’
 For BMP & Co. LLP,
 Company Secretaries
 Pramod S M
 Partner
Place: Bengaluru FCS No: 7834 CP No: 13784
Date: May 09, 2026 Peer Review Certificate No. 6387/2025
UDIN: F007834H000315658 Firm Registration Number: L2017KR003200
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
46

===== PAGE 34 =====
ANNEXURE – IV
Annual Report on CSR Activities
1.  Social and environmental responsibility has always been at the forefront of ASM’s operating philosophy and as a result 
has been contributing to such socially responsible activities. For ASM, Corporate Social Responsibility means responsible 
business practices through the involvement of all stakeholders in the decision making process and in operations. We believe 
that to succeed, an organization must maintain highest standards of corporate behavior towards its employees consumers 
and society in which it operates.
2.  The CSR Committee comprises of the following members:
 Ms. Preeti Rabindra- Chairman
 Mr. M.R.Vikram
 Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
 Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
(I In mn.)
3. Average Net profits of the company for the last three financial years : I181.84
4. Prescribed CSR expenditure ( two percent of the amount as in item 3 above) is : I3.92
5. Excess Amount spent for 2024-25 : I1.82
6. Details of CSR spent during the financial year 2025-26
Amount to be spent for the financial year 2025-26 : I2.10
Total amount spent for 2025-26 : I8.36
Amount Unspent for 2024-25/ Transfer to unspent CSR account : Not applicable
7. Manner in which the amount was spent in 2025-26 is detailed below-
Sl  
No.
CSR 
Project or 
activity 
identified
Sector in 
which  
the project  
is covered
Project or 
programs
1.Local area or 
other
2.Specify the 
state and district 
where projects 
or programs was 
undertaken
Amount outlay
(budget) Project 
or programs wise 
Amt in K
Amount spent on  
the projects  
or programs
Sub heads:
1. Direct expenditure 
on projects programs
2. Overheads Amt 
in K
Cumulative 
expenditure  
upto the 
reporting  
period-
Amt in K
Amount 
Spent:
Direct or 
through 
implementing 
agency-  
Amt in K
1. Go Sports Promoting 
sports
Project in 
Bangalore
8.60 8.60 8.60
Direct
 ASM Technologies’ Sponsorship Initiatives under CSR policy
 Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital
  As part of our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) commitments, ASM Technologies has proudly sponsored critical 
healthcare initiatives to improve community well-being. The main sponsorship initiative was the installation of a Picture 
Archiving and Communications System (PACS) in the Radiology Department of Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital. 
This advanced system will enhance the hospital’s diagnostic capabilities, facilitate remote consultations, and support the 
hospital’s telemedicine services, thereby improving healthcare accessibility and efficiency for rural populations. The PACS 
system will provide economical storage, easy access, and remote viewing of medical images from various modalities such 
as MRI, CT scans, X-rays, and ultrasound, supporting both patient care and medical education.
  In addition to the PACS sponsorship, ASM Technologies also sponsored medications for diabetic patients, benefiting 
individuals. Our sponsorship efforts are aimed at bridging the healthcare gap in underserved areas, ensuring better health 
outcomes, and fostering sustainable community development.
  Impact of PACS System Installation at Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital
  The installation of a Picture Archiving and Communications System (PACS) in the Radiology Department of Sri Sathya Sai 
Sarla Memorial Hospital, this advanced system has significantly enhanced the hospital’s diagnostic capabilities.The PACS 
system offers economical storage, easy access, and remote viewing of medical images from various modalities such as MRI, 
CT scans, X-rays, and ultrasound. This technology not only supports patient care by streamlining the diagnostic process but 
also enhances medical education by providing a robust tool for training future healthcare professionals. Over April and May 
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
47


===== PAGE 35 =====
2024, the system facilitated a total of 909 CT scans, 4874 ultrasound tests, and 5271 X-rays. Moreover, 62 medical students 
and 15 B.Sc. Radio Imaging Technology students have benefited from the PACS system, which has been instrumental in 
their academic and practical training.
  The successful implementation and utilization of the PACS system at Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital underscore ASM 
Technologies’ commitment to enhancing healthcare infrastructure and services in rural and underserved communities. We 
extend our sincere gratitude to the hospital staff for their dedication and collaboration in making this initiative a success. 
Our CSR initiatives continue to focus on creating meaningful and sustainable improvements in community health, reflecting 
our commitment to social responsibility and community welfare.
 Sponsorship of Summer School in Electronics & Computers (SUSIEC)
  The Institution of Electronics & Telecommunication Engineers (IETE) Bangalore Centre has been successfully organizing the 
Summer School in Electronics & Computers (SUSIEC) for over three decades. This esteemed program is aimed at students in 
the 8th, 9th, and 10th standards during their summer vacations, with the objective of fostering an early interest in the fields 
of Electronics and Telecommunication.
  Since the 2017-18 academic year, ASM has been a proud sponsor of SUSIEC as part of our Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) initiatives. Our sponsorship includes partial funding of the course fees, provision of tool kits, and the institution of 
awards and prizes. These recognitions are presented under the Dr. S. Srikantan Memorial Award, in honor of our former 
Chairman, the late Dr. S. Srikantan.
  The SUSIEC curriculum is meticulously designed to provide a comprehensive educational experience, comprising two 
hours of technical presentations followed by two hours of practical sessions each day. At the culmination of the course, an 
exhibition is organized where students have the opportunity to showcase their projects. These projects are meticulously 
evaluated and rated by a panel of distinguished academicians and corporate leaders.
  For the 2023-24 session, we had the privilege of awarding prizes to 21 exemplary students. This initiative is a testament to our 
unwavering commitment to educational development and our dedication to nurturing the next generation of professionals 
in the Electronics and Telecommunication sectors.
  Impact of SUSIEC
  The SUSIEC program has a significant impact on participating students, providing them with valuable hands-on experience 
and technical knowledge that goes beyond their regular school curriculum. By exposing students to advanced concepts in 
Electronics and Telecommunication at an early age, we aim to ignite a passion for these fields and inspire them to pursue 
related careers.
  Many participants of the SUSIEC program have gone on to excel in their academic, crediting their foundational understanding 
and enthusiasm to their experiences at the summer school. The practical skills and problem-solving abilities they develop 
through SUSIEC prepare them for future challenges and innovations in the technology sector.
  ASM’s support of SUSIEC aligns with our broader goal of contributing to societal advancement through education. By 
investing in the education and development of young minds, we are helping to build a skilled and motivated workforce 
that will drive technological progress and innovation in the future.
  ASM remains committed to supporting initiatives that inspire and empower young minds, ensuring a robust and innovative 
future for the industry.
 Supporting Indian Athletes through world marathon
  As part of our ongoing Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives, ASM Technologies proudly participated in Marathon. 
This event offered our employees a wonderful opportunity to refresh their minds, strengthen team bonds, and promote a 
healthy lifestyle. More importantly, it allowed us to support the GoSports Foundation, a National Award-winning not-for-
profit organization. GoSports Foundation has been instrumental in developing over 200 emerging and elite Indian athletes 
across Olympic and Paralympic disciplines through scholarships and knowledge-building programs. With Indian sports 
at a pivotal juncture following landmark performances at the Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics, and with the upcoming 
2022 Asian Games, 2022 Asian Para Games, 2024 Olympics, and 2024 Paralympics, our support is more crucial than ever. By 
participating in the marathon, ASM Technologies is proud to contribute to the growth and success of Indian athletes, helping 
them achieve their dreams and fostering the advancement of the Indian sporting community. Together, we are committed 
to #ChangeTheScript and support a brighter future for Indian sports.
8.  The CSR Committee, hereby confirms that the implementation and monitoring of CSR Policy is in compliance with CSR 
objectives and Policy of the Company.
  For and on behalf of the Board 
  ASM Technologies Ltd.
Place : Bangalore  Preeti Rabindra   Rabindra Srikantan
Date :-May 9, 2026 Chairman of the CSR Committee   Managing Director
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
48

===== PAGE 36 =====
ANNEXURE – V
I In millions
Particulars
Advanced 
Synergic 
Pte Ltd, 
Singapore
Pinnacle 
Talent
RV Forms & 
gears LLP ASM 
Technologies 
KK, Japan
ASM 
Technologies 
Viet Nam
ASM Digital 
Engineering 
Private 
Limited (UK)
ASM HHV 
Engineering 
Pvt LtdInc, USA India
Nature of 
Relationship
Wholly  
owned 
Subsidiary
Wholly  
owned 
Subsidiary
Subsidiary Wholly  
owned 
Subsidiary
Wholly  
Owned 
Subsidiary
Step-down 
Subsidiary
Joint Venture
Investment made  
during the year
- - 200.01 19.83 18.64 - 10.00
Rendering of services 22.60 82.79 0.99 - - - -
Guarantees given on 
behalf of subsidiary
- - - - - - -
Purchase of Service 7.24 28.64 29.35 - - 2.73 -
Interests received on 
loans
- - 31.25 - - - -
Interests paid on 
loans
- - - - - - -
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
49


===== PAGE 37 =====
ANNEXURE – VI
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
Details pertaining to remuneration as required under section 197 (12) read with Rule 5 (1) of Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
a)  Information as per Rule 5(1) of Chapter XIII, Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel,) Rules, 2014 
 (i)  The ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the 
Financial year 2025-26 and percentage increase in remuneration of each Director as against previous year and also the 
comparison of remuneration of each such person against the performance of the Company.
(In I In Mn.)
Name of Directors Designation
% of increase 
compared to 
previous year
Ratio to median 
remuneration 
of employees
% of 
Revenues
% of profits 
after tax
Mr.M.R.Vikram Chairman 14.29 0.64 0.01 0.05
Mr.Rabindra Srikantan* Managing Director (25.03) 51.51 0.59 4.43
Mr.M.Lakshminarayan Independent Director 19.44 0.65 0.01 0.06
Mr.Shekar Viswanathan Non-Executive Director (160.00) 0.18 0.00 0.02
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan Independent Director (19.23) 0.47 0.01 0.04
Mr. Hardik Agrawal Independent Director 16.67 0.55 0.05 0.05
Ms. Preeti Rabindra Non-Executive Director 14.71 0.62 0.01 0.05
    *Except for the above-mentioned Executive Director, no remuneration is drawn by the other Directors of the Company
2.  Non- executive Directors are paid sitting fees for meetings of the Board and committee attended and 
commission on Net Profits as per section 198 of companies Act 2013.
 (ii)  The percentage increase in remuneration of Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary in the Financial Year and also 
the comparison of such remuneration against the performance of the Company.
Name of person Designation % of increase compared
to previous year % of revenues % of profits after tax
Mr. N.L. Rathod Chief Financial Officer (0.69)% 0.05 0.34
Ms. Vanishree Kulkarni Company Secretary 1.00% 0.07 0.50
  (iii) The percentage increase in median remuneration of employees in the Financial year:
     The percentage increase in the median remuneration of the company during the Financial year is 8%. This has been 
arrived at by comparing the median remuneration
  (iv) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of company:
  The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the company as on March 31, 2026 was Male: 2117 Female: 226
 (v)  Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof 
and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration
   The average increase was 9% for all employees who went through the compensation review cycle in the year and for 
the managerial personnel there was no increase in remuneration the previous year.
 (v) affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the company
  Your company affirms that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the company
b.  Information as per Rule 5(2) of Chapter XIII of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014- NIL
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
ASM Technologies Ltd.
Place  : Bangalore Mr.M.R.Vikram Mr.Rabindra Srikantan
Date :09.05.2026 Chairman Managing Director
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
50

===== PAGE 38 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis Report
Overview
ASM Technologies Limited, together with its subsidiaries, leverages over three decades of engineering expertise in delivering 
Engineering Design-led Manufacturing (DLM). Over the years, the Company has strategically evolved from an engineering-led 
services organisation into an AI-powered Design-Led Manufacturing enterprise, integrating engineering expertise, manufacturing 
capabilities and advanced technologies to provide end-to-end solutions across the product lifecycle, from concept design to 
manufacturing and lifecycle support.
The Company’s Design-Led Manufacturing model integrates product engineering, electronics, embedded systems, software and 
manufacturing capabilities, enabling customers to transition efficiently from design and development to scalable manufacturing. 
This integrated approach enhances customer value creation, improves operational efficiencies and supports long-term 
business sustainability.
ASM specialises in the design, engineering and manufacture of custom capital equipment and technology solutions serving high-
growth and advanced industries including Semiconductor, Electronics, Solar, Engineering, Aerospace, Medical and other industrial 
sectors. The Company supports customers through comprehensive offerings spanning concept design, product engineering, 
system integration, prototyping, validation and manufacturing. These capabilities enable customers to reduce time-to-market, 
improve productivity and accelerate innovation.
During FY26, the Company continued to strengthen its Design-Led Manufacturing platform through investments in manufacturing 
capabilities, technology infrastructure and strategic initiatives. The Company expanded its manufacturing footprint by 
commissioning three new facilities, including two facilities in Bengaluru and one facility in Vietnam. These additions enhanced 
manufacturing capacity, operational flexibility and responsiveness to customer requirements across global markets. With seven 
manufacturing facilities currently in operation, ASM has strengthened its ability to support customers through an integrated 
global manufacturing network.
The Company also continued to progress its long-term infrastructure expansion plans through the proposed development of 
a new integrated manufacturing facility in Karnataka supported through land allotted by KIADB. In addition, approval received 
under the Electronics Component Manufacturing Scheme (ECMS) for the manufacture of high-precision capital equipment 
involving a proposed investment of  I565 crore represents a significant milestone in strengthening the Company’s participation 
in India’s electronics and semiconductor manufacturing ecosystem and supporting long-term manufacturing growth.
Artificial Intelligence( AI) continues to remain a strategic pillar of ASM’s transformation journey. The Company’s strategy is focused 
on two complementary areas: enabling Industrial AI transformation for customers and embedding AI-driven capabilities across 
ASM’s Design-Led Manufacturing value chain and internal operations to evolve into an AI-native organisation.
At the core of this strategy is AI Assist, ASM’s foundational intelligence layer, designed to enable engineers, operators and service 
teams to efficiently access and leverage enterprise knowledge through natural language interactions. Building on this foundation, 
the Company is developing Industrial AI capabilities including Vision AI, Predictive AI, Engineering AI and Conversational AI 
aimed at improving engineering productivity, product quality, operational efficiency, asset reliability and decision-making across 
manufacturing and engineering environments.
Further strengthening these capabilities, the Company’s strategic investment in Myelin Foundry supports the development of 
scalable Industrial AI solutions by combining deep engineering expertise with advanced machine intelligence capabilities to 
address practical challenges across engineering, manufacturing and enterprise operations.
ASM Technologies Limited remains focused on strengthening its position as a differentiated AI-powered Design-Led Manufacturing 
partner and creating sustainable long-term value through investments in technology, infrastructure, manufacturing capabilities 
and innovation.
1. Industry Structure and Development
  The global industrial landscape continues to evolve rapidly, driven by increasing adoption of digitalisation, automation, 
Artificial Intelligence and intelligent manufacturing practices. Industries are increasingly moving towards integrated 
ecosystems where engineering capabilities, advanced technologies and manufacturing expertise work together to improve 
efficiency, accelerate innovation and reduce time-to-market. Design-Led Manufacturing (DLM) is emerging as a key business 
model, enabling organisations to enhance product development and operational performance.
  The Semiconductor, Electronics, Solar, Engineering, Aerospace and Medical industries continue to witness significant growth 
supported by technological advancements and increasing investments. The global semiconductor industry recorded 
annual sales of approximately USD 792 billion in 2025 and is expected to continue its growth trajectory driven by AI, high-
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
51


===== PAGE 39 =====
performance computing and connected technologies. Increasing investments in renewable energy, advanced medical 
technologies, precision engineering and intelligent systems are creating opportunities for custom capital equipment and 
technology solutions. The growing adoption of Industrial AI, embedded technologies and automation across these sectors 
is expected to further drive demand for integrated engineering and manufacturing capabilities.
2. Opportunities and Threats
  The adoption of Artificial Intelligence, Industrial Automation, intelligent manufacturing and digital transformation initiatives 
across industries presents significant growth opportunities for ASM Technologies. Growing investments in Semiconductor, 
Electronics, Solar, Aerospace, Medical and Engineering sectors, along with increasing demand for custom capital equipment 
and integrated Design-Led Manufacturing solutions, are expected to create new avenues for business growth. Government 
initiatives promoting electronics and semiconductor manufacturing, coupled with rising focus on localised manufacturing 
and supply chain diversification, further strengthen the opportunity landscape for the Company. ASM’s integrated 
capabilities across engineering, manufacturing and Industrial AI position the Company to leverage these evolving market 
opportunities and strengthen its role as a strategic technology partner.
  At the same time, the Company operates in a dynamic business environment that is exposed to various risks and challenges 
including rapid technological changes, talent availability, cybersecurity risks, supply chain disruptions, foreign exchange 
fluctuations and increasing competitive intensity. Further, geopolitical uncertainties and evolving regulatory requirements 
may impact market conditions and business operations. The Company continues to mitigate these risks through capability 
enhancement, technology investments, operational efficiencies, diversified customer and geographic presence, strong risk 
management practices and continuous focus on innovation.
3. Segment-wise or Product-wise Performance
  The Company’s performance continues to be driven by its focus on custom capital equipment and Design-Led 
Manufacturing solutions across Semiconductor, Electronics, Solar, Engineering, Aerospace, Medical and other advanced 
industries. The semiconductor and high-tech equipment segments continue to witness strong momentum supported by 
increasing investments in electronics manufacturing, embedded systems, automation and intelligent technologies, creating 
opportunities for integrated engineering and manufacturing solutions.
  The Company also continues to strengthen its capabilities across advanced engineering and manufacturing segments 
through the integration of Industrial AI, embedded technologies and intelligent systems. Leveraging its expertise across 
engineering design, manufacturing and digital technologies, ASM Technologies remains well positioned to support 
customers with end-to-end solutions spanning concept development, product engineering, system integration and scalable 
manufacturing, thereby driving innovation, productivity and operational efficiency.
4. Outlook
  India continues to strengthen its position as a preferred global destination for engineering, manufacturing and technology-
led solutions, supported by a highly skilled talent pool, supportive government initiatives and increasing investments across 
strategic sectors. Growing focus on semiconductor development, electronics manufacturing, renewable energy, industrial 
automation and intelligent manufacturing is expected to create significant opportunities across the value chain. Increasing 
adoption of Artificial Intelligence, Industrial AI and connected technologies is further expected to accelerate demand for 
advanced engineering and manufacturing solutions.
  ASM Technologies remains well positioned to capitalise on these emerging opportunities through its Design-Led 
Manufacturing capabilities, expertise in custom capital equipment and growing Industrial AI capabilities. The Company will 
continue to strengthen investments in technology, manufacturing infrastructure, strategic partnerships and innovation-led 
solutions while focusing on enhancing operational efficiencies and delivering sustainable long-term value for all stakeholders.
5. Risks and Concerns
  The Company operates in a dynamic business environment and is exposed to various risks that may impact business 
performance and growth. Rapid technological advancements across Semiconductor, Electronics, Artificial Intelligence, 
automation and intelligent manufacturing require continuous investments in technology capabilities, innovation and talent 
development. Talent availability and retention of skilled professionals continue to remain important factors considering the 
evolving technology landscape and increasing demand for specialised skills.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
52

===== PAGE 40 =====
  Further, the Company is exposed to risks relating to cybersecurity, data privacy, supply chain disruptions, foreign exchange 
fluctuations, regulatory changes and geopolitical uncertainties. Increasing adoption of digital technologies and AI-driven 
solutions also requires strong governance frameworks to address concerns relating to data security, system reliability and 
ethical use of technology. The Company continues to focus on strengthening its risk management practices, enhancing 
operational resilience, investing in technology and maintaining robust internal controls to effectively mitigate potential 
risks and support sustainable business growth.
 a)  Competition Risk
   The industries in which the Company operates are highly competitive and characterised by rapid technological 
advancements and evolving customer requirements. The shift from traditional engineering models towards Artificial 
Intelligence, Industrial AI, automation, embedded technologies and intelligent manufacturing solutions requires 
continuous enhancement of capabilities and offerings. Sustaining competitiveness requires ongoing investments in 
technology, innovation and domain expertise.
   The Company mitigates this risk by strengthening its Design-Led Manufacturing capabilities, investing in advanced 
technologies and enhancing customer engagement. Further, strategic partnerships, capability expansion initiatives 
and integrated engineering-to-manufacturing solutions enable ASM Technologies to deliver differentiated and value-
added solutions, thereby strengthening its competitive position and supporting long-term growth.
 b) Financial Risk
   The Company operates in a dynamic business environment that is influenced by changing economic conditions, 
technological disruptions and global market uncertainties. Increasing adoption of Artificial Intelligence, automation 
and evolving technology platforms continue to reshape industry dynamics and require continuous investments in 
capabilities and innovation. Further, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, inflationary pressures and changing market 
conditions may impact business performance.
   With a portion of the Company’s revenues generated from international markets, foreign exchange volatility may 
have an impact on financial performance. The Company mitigates these risks through robust receivable management 
practices, disciplined cost management measures and appropriate foreign exchange risk management strategies. The 
Company has established policies and frameworks for monitoring and managing foreign exchange exposure and 
regularly evaluates market conditions to take suitable hedging decisions, wherever necessary. In addition, the Board’s 
risk management framework periodically reviews key macroeconomic and financial risks and appropriate mitigation 
measures to ensure long-term business sustainability.
 c) New Technologies and Business Models
   Rapid advancements in Artificial Intelligence, Industrial AI, automation, digital engineering and intelligent manufacturing 
are continuously transforming traditional business models and creating new opportunities across industries. The 
increasing adoption of connected systems, embedded technologies and smart manufacturing solutions is reshaping 
customer expectations and accelerating the demand for integrated engineering and manufacturing capabilities.
   ASM Technologies continues to strengthen its position through its Design-Led Manufacturing approach and integrated 
capabilities across software, electronics, mechanical and embedded systems. The Company focuses on innovation-
led growth through investments in technology, Industrial AI capabilities, custom capital equipment and solution 
development. Continued investments in research, technology platforms and strategic initiatives have enhanced the 
Company’s ability to deliver next-generation solutions, improve customer value creation and strengthen its long-term 
growth prospects.
 d) Geography Risk
   The Company operates in a global business environment and is exposed to risks arising from geopolitical 
developments, trade restrictions, changing regulatory environments, economic slowdowns and market uncertainties 
across geographies. Such developments may impact customer spending patterns, supply chains and overall 
business sentiment.
   The Company mitigates these risks through a diversified geographic presence with revenues spread across multiple 
markets and industries. Its strong offshore delivery and manufacturing model, flexible operational structure and 
diversified customer base help reduce dependency on any specific geography or sector. Further, continuous capability 
enhancement, disciplined financial management, strong customer relationships and robust information security 
practices support business resilience and enable the Company to effectively manage uncertainties while ensuring 
sustainable long-term growth.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
53


===== PAGE 41 =====
6.  Internal Control Systems and Their Adequacy
  The Company has established an adequate and effective internal control framework commensurate with the nature, scale and 
complexity of its operations. The internal control systems are designed to ensure orderly and efficient conduct of business 
operations, safeguarding of assets, prevention and detection of frauds and errors, accuracy and completeness of accounting 
records and timely preparation of reliable financial information. The Company continuously reviews and strengthens its 
internal control processes to align with changing business requirements and evolving operating environments.
  With increasing adoption of digital technologies, automation and Artificial Intelligence across business operations, the 
Company continues to enhance its control environment through technology-enabled processes, data-driven monitoring 
and improved risk assessment mechanisms. These initiatives support effective decision-making, strengthen operational 
efficiency and contribute towards maintaining a robust governance framework.
  The Company has an independent internal audit function that periodically reviews and evaluates the adequacy and 
effectiveness of internal control systems and processes across functions. The internal audit process ensures that controls 
are designed and implemented effectively and remain adequate considering the size, complexity and nature of the 
Company’s operations.
  The Audit Committee of the Board, chaired by an Independent Director and comprising other Non-Executive Independent 
Directors, periodically reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls, audit observations and financial reporting 
processes. The Committee reviews quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial statements and monitors the implementation 
of corrective actions wherever necessary. Further details on the functioning of the Audit Committee form part of the 
Corporate Governance Report.
  The management continuously reviews observations and recommendations made by Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors 
and the Audit Committee and undertakes appropriate actions to strengthen internal controls and enhance overall 
governance practices across the organisation.
Financial Overview
a)  Share Capital
  The Company has, at present, only one class of shares. The authorised share capital is 1,90,00,000 Equity shares of I10/- each, 
constituting to  I190.00 million. There was increase in the issued, subscribed and paid up capital of I 145.89 million during 
the year under review. Warrants allotted were converted to equity in previous year.
b) Shareholder Funds
 The total shareholder funds was  I3,221.92 million as of March 31, 2026 against I1,738.62 million as of the previous year end.
c) Fixed Assets
  As of March 31, 2026, the gross block of assets stood at I 1,184.03 million for the standalone and I 1,376.79 million for 
the consolidated.
d) Net Worth
  The return on Net worth (RONW) for the year ended March 31, 2026 was 24.49% for the standalone and 24.11% for 
the consolidated.
e) Earnings per share
  The Earnings Per Share (EPS) for the year ended March 31, 2026 stood at I53.77 (Basic) and I53.77 (Diluted) on a standalone 
basis, and I51.06 (Basic) and I51.06 (Diluted) on a consolidated basis.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
54

===== PAGE 42 =====
f) Revenue
  On the standalone front, ASM registered a total revenue of I 4,797.86 million for the year ended March 31, 2026. Domestic 
sales contributed  I3,864.84 million, while export sales accounted for I 933.02 million. The EBITDA stood at I 969.94 million, 
representing 20.22% of total revenues, with a net profit after tax of I 639.91 million, representing 13.34% of total revenues.
  On a consolidated basis, the Company reported total revenues of I5,285.17 million for the year ended March31, 2026, with an 
EBITDA of I1,021.96 million, representing 19.34% of total revenues and a net profit after tax of I607.61 million, representing 
11.50% of total revenues.
g) Operating Profit (EBIDTA)
  The EBITDA stood at I 969.94 million, representing 20.22% of total revenues, with a net profit after tax of I 639.91 million, 
representing 13.34% of total revenues. On a consolidated basis, an EBITDA of I 1,021.96 million representing 19.34% of total 
revenues and a net profit after tax of I 607.61 million representing 11.50% of total revenues.
h) Net Profit after Tax/Loss
  Net profit after tax was I 639.91 million on the standalone front and Profit of I 607.91 million for the consolidated, for the 
year ended March 31, 2026
i) Developments in Human Resources/ Industrial Relations
  The total employee strength of the company, as of March 31, 2026 was 2,343 as compared to 1,834 the previous year.
  At ASM, our employees are our most valuable asset. We are dedicated to fostering a supportive and dynamic work 
environment through innovative initiatives aimed at attracting, training, retaining, and motivating our team. Our endeavours 
are underpinned by a robust set of values and policies designed to ensure a healthy, happy, and prosperous workplace. 
We firmly believe that our people are the primary drivers of our success, making human resource development a core 
component of our mission.
   In line with this belief, ASM has implemented a timely and cost-effective recruitment system to attract top-tier talent. Our 
compensation and benefits policies are aligned with the latest trends in the market, ensuring that we remain competitive 
and our employees feel valued. By continuously enhancing our work environment and focusing on employee well-being 
and professional growth, we fulfil not only the aspirations of our workforce but also drive the overall success and innovation 
of the company.
j) Ratios:
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
Current Ratio 3.03 2.61
Debt Equity Ratio 0.36 0.42
Net Profit (%) 13.34% 11.50%
Inventory Turnover 2.90 2.82
Return On Equity 24.49% 24.11%
Net Capital Turnover Ratio 2.12 2.87
 Details of the ratio forms part of financials
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
55


===== PAGE 43 =====
Report on Corporate Governance
(Pursuant to Schedule V ( C ) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015
I.  Company’s Philosophy on Code of 
Corporate Governance
  At ASM, Corporate Governance is a core principle that 
guides our business processes and is deeply rooted in 
our commitment to ethical values. These values and 
principles establish the framework for managing our 
company affairs with fairness and transparency. We 
believe that robust corporate governance is essential 
for enhancing and maintaining investor trust, and 
we consider it our inherent responsibility to disclose 
timely and accurate information regarding our financial 
performance and overall company activities.
  Effective corporate governance necessitates a clear 
understanding of the roles of the Board and senior 
management, and their interrelations within the 
corporate structure. During the year under review, our 
Board has continued to pursue these objectives through 
the adoption and monitoring of strategic corporate 
policies, prudent business planning, risk management, 
and ensuring compliance with legal and ethical 
responsibilities. At the heart of our corporate governance 
practice is the Board of Directors, which is tasked with 
safeguarding and advancing the interests of our 
shareholders, acting as their representative in establishing 
corporate policies, and reviewing management's 
execution of these policies. The Board of Directors fully 
supports and endorses corporate governance practices, 
striving to exceed statutory requirements.
  The Company is in compliance with the requirements 
stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27 read with Schedule 
V and clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of 
Regulation 46 of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as 
applicable, with regard to corporate governance
II. Board of Directors
i. Composition of the Board
 y The Board of Directors holds primary responsibility for 
the overall management of the company. The Board 
consists of six members: three Independent Directors, 
three Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors, and 
one Executive Director, who is the Managing Director. 
The company is led by a Non-Executive Chairman, 
ensuring that the number of Independent Directors 
exceeds two-third of the total Board members. This 
composition is in compliance with Regulation 17 of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
2015 read with section 149 and 152 of the Act.
 y The Chairman is primarily responsible for ensuring 
that the Board provides effective governance 
for the company, presiding over meetings of the 
Board and shareholders, and facilitating effective 
communication among Directors. The Managing 
Director focuses on corporate strategy, planning, and 
other management matters, being responsible for 
achieving annual business targets, acquisitions, new 
initiatives, and investments. Senior management 
personnel periodically present to the Board on their 
areas of responsibility and performance.
 y Board meetings are held at the Registered Office in 
Bangalore, India, or through video conferencing. 
Agendas, along with explanatory notes, are distributed 
in advance to the Directors. The Board meets at least 
once a quarter to review quarterly results and other 
agenda items, including during the Annual General 
Meeting of the shareholders. During the Financial Year 
2025-26, the Board considered information as specified 
in Schedule II Part A of the Listing Regulations.
 y In accordance with Section 149 read with Schedule 
IV to the Act and Listing Regulations, a meeting 
of the Independent Directors was held during the 
Financial Year 2025-26 without the attendance of Non-
Independent Directors and management members.
 y None of the Directors on the Board: holds directorships 
in more than ten public companies; serves as Director 
or as Independent Directors in more than seven listed 
entities; and who are the Executive Directors serve 
as independent directors in more than three listed 
entities. Necessary disclosures regarding Committee 
positions in other public companies as on March 31, 
2026, have been made by the Directors.
 y During the financial year 2025-26, the Board has 
accepted all the recommendations of its Committees
 y During the financial year 2025-26, 6 meetings of the 
Board were held, on 18.05.2025, 09.08.2025, 08.11.2025, 
31.01.2026, 20.02.2026and 19.03.2026.
 y The names and categories of the directors on the 
Board, their attendance at Board Meetings held 
during the year under review and at the last Annual 
General Meeting (“AGM”), name of other listed entities 
in which the Director is a director and the number 
of Directorships and Committee Chairmanships/
Memberships held by them in other public limited 
companies as on March 31, 2026, are given herein 
below. Other directorships do not include directorships 
of private limited companies, foreign companies and 
companies registered under Section 8 of the Act. 
Further, none of them is a member of more than ten 
committees or chairman of more than five committees 
across all the public  limited companies in which he/
she is a director. For the purpose of determination of 
limit of the Board Committees, chairpersonship and 
membership of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee has been considered as per 
Regulation 26(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
56

===== PAGE 44 =====
Name & Designation Category
No. of 
Board 
Meetings 
held
No. of Board 
Meetings 
attended
Attendance at 
the last AGM held 
on
26th September, 
2025
No. of 
Director-
ships of 
other public 
companies
No. of Committee 
Positions held
in Other companies #
Member Chairman
Mr. M R Vikram 
Chairman
Chairman, Non 
Independent Non 
Executive Director
6 6 Yes 6 7 3
Mr. Rabindra * 
Srikantan Managing 
Director
Promoter, Executive 
Director
6 6 Yes 1 1 2
Mr. M.
Lakshminarayan 
Director
Independent, Director 6 6 Yes 3 3 2
Mr. Shekar 
Viswanathan 
Director
Non Independent 
Non Executive 
Director
6 3 Yes 2 – –
Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan
Independent, Director 6 6 Yes - - -
Mr. Hardik Agrawal Independent, Director 6 6 Yes - - -
Ms. Preeti* Rabindra 
Director
Non Independent 
Non Executive 
Director
6 6 Yes – – –
 #Chairmanship/Membership in Board, Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee in Indian Public Limited Companies as per 
Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements ) Regulations 2015.
*Mr. Rabindra Srikantan, Managing Director ,is the spouse of Ms. Preeti Rabindra, Director.
i.  Name of other listed entities where Directors of the company are directors and the category  
of Directorship:
Name of the Director Name of listed entities in which the 
concerned Director is Director Category of Directorship
Mr. M R Vikram Chairman  y Ahlada Engineers Limited
 y Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
Independent Director
Mr. M.Lakshminarayan Director  y Sansera Engineering Limited
 y Suprajit Engineering Limited
Independent Director
ii. Skills / Expertise / Competencies of the Board of Directors
In line with the requirements of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, the Board of Directors has identified the following key skills, 
expertise, and competencies that are essential for the effective functioning of the Company. The Board confirms that 
these skills are adequately represented among its members:
Skills / Expertise / Competencies Directors possessing the skills
Industry and Company Knowledge – Understanding of 
the Company’s businesses, policies, culture (Mission, Vision & 
Values), key risks, potential opportunities, and industry dynamics
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Behavioral Skills – Leadership attributes and competencies to 
apply knowledge and skills effectively for the Company’s growth
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan, Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Business Strategy and Governance – Business strategy, 
sales & marketing, corporate governance, forex management, 
administration, decision-making
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan, Mr. M. Lakshminarayan, Mr. 
M. R. Vikram, Mr. Shekar Viswanathan, Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan, Mr. Hardik Agrawal,  
Ms. Preeti Rabindra
Financial and Management Skills – Financial acumen, 
accounting, capital allocation, risk management, and managerial 
capabilities
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan, Mr. M. R. Vikram,  
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan,
Technical and Professional Expertise – Specialized knowledge 
and professional experience in areas relevant to the Company’s 
business
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan, Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan, 
Mr. Hardik Agrawal,
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
57


===== PAGE 45 =====
  Confirmation as regards to Independence of 
Independent Directors:
  (i)  All Independent Directors have given declarations 
that they meet the criteria of Independence as 
laid down under section 149(6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations. In the opinion of the Board, the 
Independent directors, fulfil the conditions of 
Independence specified in section 149(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the 
Listing Regulations.
  (ii)  None of the directors are related to each other 
within the meaning of the term “Relative” as per 
Section 2(77) of the Companies Act, 2013.
  (iii)  No director shall hold office as a director in more 
than 10 public companies. No director of the 
Company shall serve on more than 10 committees 
or can act as chairman of more than five committees 
across all Indian public limited companies in 
which he/she is a Director. For the Purpose of this 
limitation, membership and chairmanship of the 
Audit committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship 
committee are only considered. No Independent 
director shall serve as Independent Director in 
more than seven listed companies or three listed 
companies in case he/she is a whole-time director 
in any listed company.
  (iv)  A letter of appointment encompassing the terms 
and conditions of appointment, roles, duties and 
liabilities have been issued to the Independent 
Directors. The terms and conditions of appointment 
of the Independent Directors are disclosed in 
the Company’s website at : https://www.asmltd.
com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/terms-and- 
condition-for-apt-of-id.pdf
III. BOARD COMMITTEES
   The Board has four committees namely, Audit committee, 
Stakeholders Relationship &Share transfer committee 
Nomination & Remuneration committee and Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee . The quorum 
for meetings is either two members or one-third of the 
members whichever is higher. Usually the committees 
meet four times a year and the recommendations of the 
committees are submitted to the Board for approval. The 
Board has complete access to any information within 
the company.
 Updates provided to the Board include the following
 y Annual operating plans, budgets, capital budgets and 
updates,
 y Quarterly results of business operations.
 y General notices of interest.
 y Dividend data
 y Minutes of Committee meetings.
 y Materially important litigations, show cause notice, 
prosecution and penalty notices.
 y Details of joint ventures, acquisitions of companies or 
collaboration agreements.
 y Information on recruitment and remuneration of 
senior officers immediately below the Board level.
 y • Non-compliance of any regulatory, statutory or 
listing requirements including shareholder services 
such as non-payment of dividend and delays in 
share transfer.
 y Any major development in the Human resources front.
 y Any issue involving public or product liability claims 
of a sizeable nature.
 y Sale of assets, investments, subsidiaries of material 
nature, not in the regular course of business
1. Audit Committee
  The Audit committee is constituted according to the 
provisions of Section 177 of the Companies Act 2013 and 
Regulation 18 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations 2015.
 y Terms of ReferenceThe Board has constituted the 
Audit Committee and terms of reference include:
a)  Recommendation for appointment, remuneration 
and terms of appointment of auditors of 
the company;
b)  Review and monitor the auditor’s independence 
and performance and effectiveness of audit process;
c)  Examination of the financial statement and the 
auditors’ report thereon;
d)  Approval or any subsequent modification of 
transactions of the company with related parties;
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
58

===== PAGE 46 =====
e) Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
f)  Valuation of undertakings or assets of the company, 
wherever it is necessary;
g)  Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk 
management systems;
h)  Monitoring the end use of funds raised through 
public offers and related matters.
i)  To oversee the vigil mechanism as prescribed by 
the rules
j)  To discuss issues with internal and statutory auditors.
 y Composition as on 31.03.2026
Sl. 
No. Name of Director Position Status
1. Mr. M 
Lakshminarayan
Chairman Independent 
Director
2. Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan
Member Independent 
Director
3. Mr. M R Vikram Member Non-Executive 
– Non-
Independent 
Director
 Secretary
  Ms. Vanishree Kulkarni - Company Secretary By 
Invitation
  The Chief Financial Officer and senior members of the 
Accounts department are present at the meetings. The 
representatives of the Statutory Auditors and Internal 
Auditors are also invited to the Audit meeting.
  Meeting and attendance during the year
Members No. of 
Meetings held
No. of Meetings 
Attended
Mr. M Lakshminarayan 4 4
Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan
4 4
Mr. M R Vikram 4 4
Meeting of Audit Committee held during the 
year:18.05.2025, 09.08.2025, 08.11.2025 and 31.01.2026.
2.  Stakeholders Relationship & Share Transfer 
Committee
 y Role of the Committee
The Committee reviews and administers transfer 
of shares, transmission of shares, rematerialisation, 
transposition and issuance of duplicate share 
certificates as and when required, redressal of investor 
complaints pertaining to transfer of shares, non-
receipt of annual reports, non-receipt of dividend , 
etc. & reports the same to the Board periodically.
Share Transfers in Physical Mode.
In order to expedite the process of share transfers, the 
Board of Directors of the Company have delegated the 
power to the Registrar & Share Transfer Agents, KFin 
Technologies Ltd, (The R&STA). The R&STA transfer 
the shares received in physical mode on a fortnightly 
basis. Summary of the shares transferred are sent to 
the company to be approved by the share transfer 
committee and noted by the Board.
In compliance with the listing agreement and SEBI , 
every quarter, the system is audited by a Practicing 
Company Secretary and Compliance Certificate to 
that effect is issued and filed with the Stock Exchange 
where the Company’s shares is listed.
 y Composition as on 31.03.2026
Sr. 
No. Name of Director Position Status
1. Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan
Chairman Independent 
Director
2. Mr. Rabindra 
Srikantan
Member Executive 
Director
3 Ms Preeti Rabindra Member Non executive 
Director
Name and designation of Compliance Officer
Ms. Vanishree Kulkarni, Company Secretary
Meeting and attendance during the year
Members No. of 
meetings held Attendance
Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan
4 4
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan 4 4
Ms Preeti Rabindra 4 4
Stakeholders relationship &Share transfer Committee 
Meetings held during the year: Meeting of Audit 
Committee held during the year: 18.05.2025, 
09.08.2025, 08.11.2025 and 31.01.2026
During the year 2025-2026, 269 complaints were 
received all of which were resolved with nothing 
pending as on March 31, 2026. The shareholding in 
dematerialized mode as on March 31, 2026 as being 
97.13 % .
As on 31.03.2026 there is no investor Complaints/
queries pending to be solved by the company /
Registrars & Share Transfer Agents.
3. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
  The Managing Director, being the only Executive 
Director is paid remuneration within the limits envisaged 
under Schedule V of the Companies Act 2013 and 
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
59


===== PAGE 47 =====
does not receive any commission from the subsidiary 
companies. The remuneration is approved by the Board, 
Remuneration Committee as well as the Shareholders 
of the Company. At the Annual General meeting of the 
company held on the 20th of June 2017 the shareholders 
approved payment of increased remuneration to the 
Managing Director , within the limits of Schedule V of 
Companies Act 2013. This apart the shareholders also 
approved payment of commission to Non-executive & 
Independent Directors for a period of five years, from 
April 01, 2017 of a sum not exceeding 2% of the Net Profits 
calculated in accordance with provisions of Section 198 
of the Companies Act 2013.
 y Terms of reference
Brief Terms of Reference is as follows-
1.  To recommend to the Board the appointment 
removal of Directors, Key Managerial Pe r s o n n e l 
and Senior Management and the remuneration 
payable to them.
2.  To formulate a criteria for determining qualifications, 
positive attributes and independence of Director 
and to recommend to the Board the Policy relating 
to remuneration for Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and Senior Management.
3.  Formulate criteria for evaluation of the Independent 
Directors and the Board and to carry out evaluation 
of every Director’s performance.
4.  Identify persons who are qualified to become 
Directors and who may be appointed in Senior 
Management in accordance with the criteria laid 
down in this policy.
5.  To perform such other functions as may be 
necessary or appropriate for the discharge of its 
duties and functions generally indicated under the 
Listing Regulations, Companies Act 2013 and the 
rules made there under.
 y Composition as on 31.03.2026
Sl. 
No. Name of Director Position Status
1. Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan
Chairman Independent 
Director
3. Mr. M 
Lakshminarayan
Member Independent 
Director
4. Mr. Shekar 
Viswanathan
Member Non-Executive 
Non-
Independent 
Director
Meeting and attendance during the year
Members No. of 
Meetings held
No. of Meetings 
Attended
Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan
3 3
Mr. M Lakshminarayan 3 3
Mr. Shekar 
Viswanathan
3 3
Meetings of Nomination & Remuneration Committee 
held during the year: 18.05.2025, 08.11.2025 and 
31.01.2026.
Performance evaluation criteria for Independent 
Directors  In accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
performance evaluation of Independent Directors was 
carried out by the entire Board of Directors, excluding 
the Director being evaluated.
The evaluation was conducted based on the criteria 
formulated by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, which, inter alia, include:
 y Personal attributes;
 y Demonstration of leadership and initiative;
 y Objectivity in rendering independent judgment; and
 y Discharge of roles, responsibilities, and 
accountability in the context of the Company’s 
business and governance.
The outcome of the evaluation has been appropriately 
considered by the Board and is used to enhance 
the overall effectiveness of the Board, including 
identifying areas of improvement, strengthening 
director engagement, and determining training and 
development needs. Further details are provided in 
the Board’s Report.
Details of Remuneration paid to Directors for the 
FY 2025-2026
Name of Director
Salary & 
perquisites 
(K)
Sitting 
Fees 
(K)
Commission 
(K)
Mr. M.R.Vikram - 0.35 1.19
Mr. Rabindra 
Srikantan
28.33 - -
Mr. M. 
Lakshminarayan
- 0.36 1.19
Mr. Shekar 
Viswanathan
- 0.10 1.19
Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan
- 0.26 1.19
Mr. Hardik 
Agrawal
- 0.30 1.19
Ms. Preeti 
Rabindra
- 0.34 1.19
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
60

===== PAGE 48 =====
Shareholding in the Company of Non-Executive 
Directors as on 31.03.2026
Name No. of Equity shares 
held
Mr. M.R.Vikram NIL
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan NIL
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan NIL
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan NIL
Mr. Hardik Agrawal 11250
Ms. Preeti Rabindra 950082
4.  Corporate Social Responsibility “CSR” 
Committee
 y The CSR committee was constituted on July 29, 
2014 to develop the CSR policy which shall indicate 
the activities to be undertaken by the company as 
specified in Section 135 and Schedule VII of companies 
Act 2013.
 Terms of Reference
  1.  To formulate and recommend to the Board a CSR 
Policy which shall indicate the activities undertaken 
by the Company.
  2.  Recommend the amount of expenditure to be 
incurred on CSR activities and
  3.  Monitor the CSR Policy of the company from time 
to time.
 y Composition as on 31.03.2026
Sl. 
No.
Name of 
Director Position Status
1. Ms. Preeti 
Rabindra
Chairman Non-Executive – 
Non-Independent 
Director
2. Mr. M.R.Vikram Member Non-Executive – 
Non-Independent 
Director
3. Mr. Shekar 
Viswanathan
Member Non-Executive – 
Non-Independent 
Director
4. Mr. Rabindra 
Srikantan
Member Executive Director
5 Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan
Member Independent 
Director
Meeting and attendance during the year
Members No. of 
meetings held Attendance
Mr. M.R.Vikram 2 2
Mr. Shekar 
Viswanathan
2 2
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan 2 2
Ms. Preeti Rabindra 2 2
Meetings of Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee held during the year: 18.05.2025 and 
31.01.2026.
 SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS
 Date, time and venue of the last three AGM’s
Year Date & Time Venue Special Resolution Passed
2022-23 29th July 2023 Video Conferencing (VC)/ 
Other Audio Visual Means 
(OAVM)
1.  Appointment of Branch Auditors
2023-24 20th July 2024 Video Conferencing (VC)/ 
Other Audio Visual Means 
(OAVM)
1.  To approve the remuneration to Mr. 
Rabindra Srikantan (DIN: 00024584) 
as Managing Director
2. Approval for payment of
3.  commission to Non executive 
Director
2024-25 25th September 2025 Video Conferencing (VC)/ 
Other Audio Visual Means 
(OAVM)
Appointment of Secretarial Auditor
Appointment of Branch Auditor
 Date, time and venue of the EGM during the year- Nil
 y Whether special resolutions were put through postal ballot last year- details of voting pattern, person who conducted 
the postal ballot exercise. – Yes.
Year Date of approval of postal ballot Special Resolution Passed
2025-26 8th July 2025 A)  Re-appointment of Mr. M. Lakshminarayan 
(DIN: 00064750) as Independent Director of the 
Company for a second term of Five Years
2025-26 6th February 2026 A)  Re-appointment of Mr. Rabindra Srikantan as 
Managing Director of the Company  
(DIN: 00024584)
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
61


===== PAGE 49 =====
IV. Particulars of Senior Management
Name of Senior Management Personnel Roles
Akhil Rabindra Executive Director
Krishnan Narayana Senior Vice President- Business Development
Sundar Ramanathan Vice President- Business Development
Ravishankar Reddy Vice President- Business Development
Kamal Sharma Chief Information Security Officer
Narsingh Rathod Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
V. OTHER DISCLOSURES
Particulars Statutes Website link for
details/policy
Related party transactions (“RPT”) Regulation 23 of SEBI 
Listing Regulations and as 
defined under the Act
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Details of noncompliance by the
Company, penalty, strictures imposed on 
the Company by the stock
exchange, or Securities and Exchange 
Board of
India or any statutory
authority on any matter
related to capital markets
during the last three
financial years
Schedule V (C) 10(b) to the 
SEBI
Listing Regulations
Whistle Blower Policy
and Vigil Mechanism
Regulation 22 of SEBI 
Listing Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Discretionary
requirements
Schedule II Part E of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations
The auditors’ report on financial statements of the 
Company are unmodified.
Internal auditors of the Company make quarterly 
presentations to the Audit Committee on their 
reports. The Chairman of the Company being an 
non-executive is paid for maintenance for home 
office and also allowed to reimburse expenses 
incurred in performing his duties.
We communicate payment of dividend by email to 
shareholders in addition to dispatch of letters to all 
shareholders
Subsidiary Companies Regulation 24 of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations
The Audit Committee reviews the consolidated 
financial
statements of the Company and the investments 
made by its unlisted subsidiary companies.
The minutes of the Board meetings along with a 
report. on significant developments of the unlisted 
subsidiary companies are periodically placed 
before the Board of Directors of the Company.
The Company has a policy for determining ‘material
subsidiaries’ which is disclosed on its website.
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Policy on Determination
of Materiality for
Disclosures
Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Policy on Archival
and Preservation of
Documents
Regulations 30 and 9 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
62

===== PAGE 50 =====
Particulars Statutes Website link for
details/policy
Reconciliation of Share
Capital Audit Report
Regulation 76 of the 
SEBI (Depositories and 
Participants) Regulations, 
2018 and SEBI Circular No. 
D&CC/FITTC/ Cir-16/2002
A practising Company Secretary carried out a share
capital audit to reconcile the total admitted 
equity share capital with the National Securities 
Depository Limited (“NSDL ”) and the Central 
Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL ”) and 
the total issued and listed equity share capital. The 
audit report confirms that the total issued/paid-up 
capital is in agreement with the total number of 
shares in physical form and the total number of 
dematerialized shares held with NSDL and CDSL.
Code of Conduct Regulation 17 of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Terms of Appointment of Independent 
Directors
Regulation 46 of SEBI 
Listing Regulations and 
Section 149 read with 
Schedule IV to the Act
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Familiarization Program Regulation 25(7) and 46 of 
SEBI Listing Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Disclosure under the Sexual Harassment 
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2018
Section 134 of the Act, 
read with Rule 8 of the 
Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014
The details have been disclosed in the Boards 
Report forming part of
the Annual Report.
Disclosure of certain type of agreements 
binding listed entities
Schedule III, Para A, Clause 
5A of Listing Regulations
There are no agreement impacting management or 
control of the Company or imposing any restriction 
or create any liability upon the Company.
VI. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
  The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results of the Company are published in leading newspapers in India which 
include, Business Line, E sanje, Sanjayvani, Financial Express, Hosadiganta. The results are also displayed on the Company’s 
website www.asmltd.com
  Statutory notices are published in Business Line, E sanje, Sanjayvani, Financial Express, Hosadiganta The Company also issues 
press releases from time to time. Financial Results, Statutory Notices, Press Releases annual results are submitted to the 
BSE Limited (“BSE”) as well as uploaded on the Company’s website. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) giving details about 
the Company and its shares is uploaded on the Company’s website www.asmltd.com investor-relations. The Management 
Discussion and Analysis Report is a part of the Annual Report.
VII. CODE OF CONDUCT
  Annual declaration pertaining to compliance of Code of Conduct as per Regulation 26(3) of SEBI(Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements ) , 2015
 I.  Rabindra Srikantan, Managing Director of ASM Technologies Ltd, to the best of my knowledge and belief, hereby 
declare that all Board Members and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct 
for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.
   This is to confirm that all the Board members and senior management personnel of the company have affirmed 
compliance of the Code of Ethics of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2026.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
63


===== PAGE 51 =====
To,
The Members,
ASM Technologies Limited  (“the Company”)
CIN: L85110KA1992PLC013421
80/2, Lausanne Court, Richmond Road,
Bangalore – 560025, Karnataka, India.
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of ASM Technologies 
Limited having CIN: L85110KA1992PLC013421 and registered office at 80/2, Lausanne Court, Richmond Road, Bangalore – 560025, 
Karnataka, India (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this 
Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Part C Clause (10)(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number 
(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov ) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, 
we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on  
March 31, 2026 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Sl. 
No. Name of the Director DIN Designation
1. Mr. Rabindra Srikantan 00024584 Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
2. Mr. Vikram Ravindra Mamidipudi 00008241 Chairperson and Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director
3. Mr. Muthuswami Lakshminarayan 00064750 Non-Executive - Independent Director
4. Mr. Shekar Viswanathan 01202587 Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director
5. Mrs. Rabindra Preethi 0021681 Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director
6. Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan 02608916 Non-Executive - Independent Director
7. Mr. Hardik Agrawal 10580697 Non-Executive - Independent Director
Ensuring the eligibility of the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management 
of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification.
This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which 
the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Part C Clause (10)(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
 For BMP & Co. LLP,
 Company Secretaries
 Pramod S M
 Partner
Place: Bengaluru FCS No: 7834 CP No: 13784
Date: May 09, 2026 Peer Review Certificate No. 6387/2025
UDIN: F007834H000315658 Firm Registration Number: L2017KR003200
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
64

===== PAGE 52 =====
Shareholder`S Information For The Fy 2025-26 34th Annual General Meeting
1.  Date & Time: August 05, 2026 at 4.00 pm IST
2.  Venue: The Company is conducting meeting through VC/ OAVM pursuant to the MCA Circular dated May 5, 2020  
and as such there is no requirement to have a venue for the AGM.
3.  Date of Book Closure: July 29, 2026- August 5, 2026 ( Both Days inclusive)
4. Financial year of Company: April to March
5. Corporate & Registered Office: No. 80/2 Lusanne Court, Richmond Road, Bangalore- 560 025
6. Exchanges Listed at: BSE Limited P J Towers, No. 25 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001
 : The Listing Fees for the financial year 2026-2027 has been paid.
7. Stock Code: BSE- 526433
8. De-mat ISIN No. in NSDL & CDSL for Equity Shares: INE867C01010
9.  Payment Dividend: The Board has recommended final dividend of  I12.00 per equity share of I 10/- each, subject to the 
approval of the share holders at the ensuing AGM. Once approved will be paid on or before August 28, 2026
10.  Unclaimed Dividend: Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013, mandates that companies transfer dividend that has been 
unclaimed for a period of seven years from the unpaid dividend account to the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
(IEPF). In accordance with the following schedule, the dividend for the years mentioned as follows, if unclaimed within the 
period of seven years will be transferred to IEPF. The Company sends periodic intimation to the shareholders concerned, 
advising them to lodge their claims with respect to unclaimed dividends. Shareholders may note that both the unclaimed 
dividend and corresponding shares transferred to IEPF, including all benefits accruing on such shares, if any, can be claimed 
back from IEPF following the procedure prescribed in the Rules. No claim shall lie in respect thereof with the Company. 
Members who have not yet encashed their dividend warrant(s) pertaining to the final dividend for the Financial Year 2018-19 
and onwards are requested to make their claims without any delay.
11.  Shares Transferred to IEPF: Pursuant to Section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund Authority (Accounting Audit Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 as amended by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs with the effect from February 28, 2017 (“the Rules”), in case the beneficial owner has not encashed dividend warrant(s) 
during the last seven years, shares pertaining to such beneficial owners shall be required to be transferred to the Fund 
established by the Authority. Shareholders are therefore requested to contact KFin Technologies Ltd, Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent with respect to their unclaimed dividends.
12. Suspension – No shares / securities of the Company suspended during the year under review.
13. Dematerialisation of Shares: 97.13 % of the capital has been dematerialised as on March 31, 2026
14. Market Capitalisation as on March 31, 2026: I 35464.88 mn ( as per closing price in BSE)
Annexure VIII
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
65


===== PAGE 53 =====
15. No. of Employees as on March 31, 2026: Male- 2117 Female-226
16. No. of Shareholders as on March 31, 2026: 29,195
17.  Share Transfer: In terms of Regulation 40(1) of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time, transfer, transmission 
and transposition of securities shall be effected only in dematerialized form.
  Pursuant to SEBI Circular dated January 25, 2022, the listed companies shall issue the securities in dematerialized form only, 
for processing any service requests from shareholders viz., issue of duplicate share certificates, endorsement, transmission, 
transposition, etc. After processing the service request, a letter of confirmation will be issued to the shareholders and 
shall be valid for a period of 120 days, within which the shareholder shall make a request to the Depository Participant 
for dematerializing those shares. If the shareholders fail to submit the dematerialisation request within 120 days, then the 
Company shall credit those shares in the Suspense Escrow Demat account held by the Company.
  Shareholders can claim these shares transferred to Suspense Escrow Demat account on submission of necessary documentation.
  The Stakeholder Relationship Committee is authorized by the Board severally to approve transfers, which are noted at 
subsequent Board Meetings
18. Distribution of shareholding as on March 31, 2026
No.of Shares From To No. of 
Shareholder % of Holders No.of Shares % to total Shares
1-5000 28,351 97.11 11,71,426 8.03
5001- 10000 441 1.51 3,32,550 2.28
10001- 20000 180 0.62 2,65,093 1.82
20001- 30000 71 0.24 1,73,474 1.19
30001- 40000 29 0.10 1,04,070 0.71
40001- 50000 20 0.07 90,328 0.62
50001- 100000 49 0.17 3,47,378 2.38
100001& Above 54 0.18 1,21,04,279 82.97
Total 29,195 100.00 1,45,88,598 100.00
19.  The company does not have any outstanding GDRS/ ADRS/warrants or any convertible instruments.
20. Office locations
 The addresses and contact details of offices/locations are given in this Annual Report elsewhere.
21.  Web link where policy for determining ‘material subsidiaries is given below The Policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries 
is posted on Company’s website : asmltd.com
22.  Disclosure of commodity price risk and commodity hedging activities
 Your Company does not have commodity price risk being in the DLM sector and hence no commodity hedging is done.
23. Loans and Advances: The Company has not given any loans and advances to firms/Companies in which directors are interested
24.  Non-compliance of any requirement of the corporate governance report of Sub- paras (2) to (10) of part c of schedule v of 
sebi (listing obligations and disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015, with reasons shall be disclosed.
  The Company has complied with all the requirements of the Corporate Governance report of sub- paras (2) to (10) of part C 
of Schedule V of Listing Regulations
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
66

===== PAGE 54 =====
25.  List of all credit ratings obtained by the entity along with any revisions thereto during the relevant financial year, for all 
debt instruments of such entity or any fixed deposit programme or any scheme or proposal of the listed entity involving 
mobilization of funds, whether in India or abroad The Company does not have any debt instruments or fixed deposit 
programme or any scheme or proposal involving mobilization of funds.
26. Commodity Price Risk and Commodity Hedging Risk – Not Applicable
27. Share holding in physical & electronic form as on March 31, 2026
Particulars No. of shares % of holding
Physical 418668 2.87
Electronic 14169930 97.13
Total 14588592 100
28. Shareholding Pattern as on March 31, 2026
Category No.of Holders Total Shares % To Equity
PROMOTER 5 84,55,593 57.96
RESIDENT INDIVIDUALS 28,072 52,40,824 35.92
IEPF AUTHORITY 1 2,27,172 1.56
NON RESIDENT INDIAN NON REPATRIABLE 257 1,80,858 1.24
BODIES CORPORATES 129 1,60,156 1.10
H U F 392 1,42,657 0.98
NON RESIDENT INDIAN REPATRIABLE 328 85,570 0.59
ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND 4 54,968 0.38
FOREIGN PORTFOLIO - CORP 3 33,241 0.23
MUTUAL FUNDS 2 4,759 0.03
BANKS 1 2,200 0.02
CLEARING MEMBERS 1 600 0.00
Total 29,195 1,45,88,598 100
29.  Investor Correspondence: All enquiries clarifications and Correspondences Should be addressed to Registrars & Share 
Transfer Agents or to the Compliance Officer at the Following address
Registrars & Share Transfer Agents Compliance Officer
KFin Technologies  Ltd Karvy Selenium Tower B , Plot number 31 & 32 
Financial District, Nanakramguda Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad – 
500032
Tel: 040 67162222
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Vanishree Kulkarni 
Company Secretary
80/2, Lusanne Court, Richmond Road
Bangalore- 560025
Tel: 080 66962301
E-mail ID : Vanishree.kulkarni@asmltd.com
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
67


===== PAGE 55 =====
To
The Board of Directors
ASM TECHNOLOGIES LTD
Bangalore
We hereby certify the following:
a)  We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year 2025-2026 and that to the best of our 
knowledge and belief:
 i.  these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain
  statements that might be misleading
 ii.  these statements together present a true and fair view of the company’s affairs and are in compliance with the existing 
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
b)  There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the company during the year which are 
fraudulent , illegal or violative of the company’s code of conduct
c)  We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated 
the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed to the 
auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are 
aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies
d)  We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee
 i.  significant changes if any in internal control over financial reporting during the year
 ii.  significant changes if any in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes 
to the financial statements; and
 iii.  instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management 
or an employee having a significant role in the company’s internal control system over financial reporting
CEO/CFO Certification
Place : Bangalore  Rabindra Srikantan   Narsingh Rathod
Date :-May 09, 2026 Managing Director   Chief Financial Officer
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
68

===== PAGE 56 =====
To,
The Members,
ASM Technologies Limited
CIN: L85110KA1992PLC013421
Registered Address: 80/2, Lusanne Court,
Richmond Road, Bangalore – 560025, Karnataka.
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by ASM Technologies Limited (CIN: 
L85110KA1992PLC013421) ("the Company"), for the purpose of certifying of the Corporate Governance under Regulation 17 to 
27, clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of Regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C and D of Schedule V of the of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 from the period April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026. We have obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief were necessary for the purposes of certification.
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. Our examination was limited 
to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with the conditions of Corporate 
Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that the Company has 
complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) 
of Regulation 46 and paragraphs C and D of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, as applicable of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as applicable.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company
 For BMP & Co. LLP,
 Company Secretaries
 Pramod S M
 Partner
Place: Bengaluru FCS No: 7834 CP No: 13784
Date: May 09, 2026 Peer Review Certificate No. 6387/2025
UDIN: F007834H000315658 Firm Registration Number: L2017KR003200
AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE REGARDING COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
[Schedule V, para E of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
69


===== PAGE 57 =====
To 
the Members of 
ASM Technologies Limited
Report on Audit of the Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements
Opinion:
We have audited the standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
of ASM Technologies Limited (“the Company”) which comprise 
of balance sheet as at March 31, 2026, the statement of profit 
& loss, statement of changes in equity and the cashflow 
statement for the year then ended, notes to Standalone Ind 
AS financial statements including a summary of significant 
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone Ind 
AS financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the 
Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 as amended (“Ind AS”) and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs 
of the Company as at March 31, 2026, profits (including other 
comprehensive income), changes in equity and its cash flows 
for the year ended on that date.
Basis of Opinion:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described in 
the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone 
Ind AS Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of 
Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements under the 
provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
standalone financial statements of the current period. 
These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of 
the standalone Ind AS financial statements as a whole, and 
in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the 
matters described below to be the key audit matters to be 
communicated in our report.
Independent Auditor’s Report
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Adoption of Ind AS 115 - Revenue from Contract with Customers as described in note 2.2 (i) and note 18 of the 
Standalone Ind AS financial statements:
The Company has accounted revenue as per Ind AS 115 - 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
Application of Ind AS 115, including selection of transition 
method involves significant judgment in determining when 
"control" of the goods or services underlying the performance 
obligation is transferred to the customer.
As the revenue recognition, due to the significance of the 
balance to the financial statements as a whole, we regard  
this as a key audit matter.
As part of our audit procedures, our procedures included  
the following:
 y We have read the accounting policy for revenue recognition 
and assessed compliance of the policy in terms of principles 
enunciated under Ind AS 115.
 y We obtained and understood the revenue recognition 
process including determination of point of transfer of control 
and completion of performance obligation.
 y We examined the disclosures made by management in 
compliance with the requirements of Ind AS 115.
Conclusion:
Our procedures did not identify any material exceptions.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
70

===== PAGE 58 =====
Emphasis of Matter:
We draw attention to Note 45 to the standalone financial 
statement, which describes the Company’s non current 
investments in Eclectic IQ (formerly Polylogyx) and Lavelle 
Networks Private Limited, carried at a cost of I 8.03 million 
and I55.00 million respectively, with disclosed fair values of  
I12.65 million and I 64.25 million. As stated in the note, the 
Company is in process of obtaining valuation reports for 
these investments in accordance with Ind AS 109 – Financial 
Instruments as at March 31, 2026. Due to certain restrictions, 
management unable to obtain the necessary cash flow data 
and other information required to perform a formal valuation 
as of the reporting date. However, based on recent investments 
in these entities and expected investments in the ensuing 
year, management is of the opinion that there has been a 
substantial increase in the value of these investments and that 
no impairment exists as at the reporting date as represented 
to us. We have relied on such representation and our opinion 
is not modified in respect of this matter.
Other Information, [such as “Information Other 
than the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
and Auditor’s Report Thereon”]:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the board 
report but does not include the standalone Ind AS financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone Ind AS financial statements 
does not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing 
so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the financial statements, or our knowledge 
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information identified above 
when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether 
the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, 
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
Management’s Responsibility for Standalone Ind 
AS Financial Statements:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act, with respect to the 
preparation of these standalone Ind AS financial statements 
that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company 
in accordance with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, including the accounting standards 
specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility 
also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of 
the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting 
frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate implementation and maintenance of accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable 
and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of 
the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the standalone Ind AS financial statement 
that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone Ind AS financial statements, 
management is responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, 
matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no 
realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing 
the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Ind 
AS Standalone Financial Statements:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the Standalone Ind AS financial statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but 
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions 
of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
71


===== PAGE 59 =====
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
through the audit. We also:
 y Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the standalone Ind AS financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
 y Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of 
the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Company has adequate internal financial 
controls system in place and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls.
 y Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
 y Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use 
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may 
cast significant doubt on the ability of the Company to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our 
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the standalone 
Ind AS financial statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
 y Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the standalone Ind AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone Ind AS financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements:
1.  As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of 
India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the 
Act, we give in the Annexure – A, a statement on the 
matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to 
the extent applicable.
2.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
 a)  We have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief were necessary for the 
purposes of our audit.
 b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books.
 c)  The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss, statement of changes in equity and the Cash 
Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the books of account.
 d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS 
financial statements comply with the Accounting 
Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act as 
amended from time to time.
 e)  On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken on 
record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified as on that date from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) 
of the Act.
 f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting of 
the Company and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls, refer to our separate Report  
in “Annexure - B”.
 g)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with requirement 
of Section 197 (16) of the Act, as amended:
   In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanation given to us, the remuneration 
paid during the current year by the Company is 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 
of the Act. The remuneration paid to any director/ 
manager by the Company, is not in excess of the 
limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act. The 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
72

===== PAGE 60 =====
other details under Section 197(16) which are 
required to be commented upon by us.
 h)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  i)  The Company has disclosed its pending 
litigations which would impact its financial 
position in Note 32 of the Standalone Ind AS 
financial statements.
  ii)  The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts as required under the applicable law 
or accounting standards, and also not entered 
into any derivative contracts, accordingly no 
provision is required to be made in respect of 
material foreseeable losses.
  iii)  During the year, the Company has remitted 
an amount of I 1.95 million to Investor 
Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) as per 
the provisions of the Act. However, due to a 
technical error at the bank's end, the Company 
has remitted belatedly ranging between 72 
days to 549 days.
  iv) a.  The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Company to or in 
any other person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
  b.  The Management has represented, that, to 
the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds 
(which are material either individually or in 
the aggregate) have been received by the 
Company from any person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Company shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding 
Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries
  c.  Based on the audit procedures that have been 
considered reasonable and appropriate in 
the circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, 
contain any material misstatement
 v.  a)  Based on the information and explanation 
furnished to us by the Company, final dividend 
paid by it which was proposed in the previous 
year and interim dividend paid during the year 
are in accordance with section 123 of the Act.
  b)  As per note 43 of the financial statements, 
the Board of Directors has proposed a final 
dividend which is subject to approval by the 
members of the Company in ensuing annual 
general meeting.
 vi.  Based on our examination, which included test 
checks, the Company has used accounting software 
systems for maintaining its books of account for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026 which have the 
feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and 
the same has operated throughout the year for 
all relevant transactions recorded in the software 
systems. Further, during the course of our audit we 
did not come across any instance of the audit trail 
feature being tampered with and the audit trail 
has been preserved by the Company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention.
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA Vasuki H S)
Partner
Membership No: 212013
UDIN: 26212013XTPXVG7670
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 09, 2026
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
73


===== PAGE 61 =====
ANNEXURE-A
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH 1 UNDER THE HEADING “REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS” 
OF OUR REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED.
1. a) i.  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars including quantitative 
details. However, it is in the process of updating 
details of location/ situation of Property, Plant 
& Equipment (“PPE”).
  ii.  The Company has maintained records showing 
full particulars of intangible assets with its 
current location.
 b)  Management has informed us that it has not carried 
out physical verification of PPE during the year. 
However, it will be carried out in a phased manner 
in the ensuing year. Accordingly, the provisions of 
clause 3 (i)(b) of the Order are not applicable.
 c)  According to the information and explanation given 
to us by the Company, title deed of all immovable 
properties (other than properties where the 
company is the lessee and the lease agreements 
are duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held 
in the name of the Company.
 d)  Based on the information and explanation given to 
us by the Company, it has not revalued any of its PPE 
or intangible assets.
 e)  Based on the information and explanation given 
to us by the Company, there are no proceedings 
initiated or are pending against the Company for 
holding any benami property under the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules 
made thereunder.
2.  a)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and based on our examination of the 
records, the Company has conducted physical 
verification of inventory at the end of the year. In 
our opinion the Company need to increase the 
frequency of such verification considering the size 
of the Company and its operations.
 b)  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
us by the Company, the Company has been 
sanctioned working capital limits in excess of I Five 
crores in aggregate during the year. Differences in 
respect of statements filed by the company with the 
banks are reported in note 16 of the standalone Ind 
AS financial statements.
3.  The Company has made investments in companies, 
limited liability partnerships and granted unsecured 
loans to its subsidiaries.
 a)  According to the information and explanation 
furnished to us, the Company has furnished 
guarantee and given an unsecured loan to its 
subsidiaries the details are as under:
Particulars Guarantees Loans
Aggregate amount 
granted / provided during 
the year to its Subsidiaries
I35.00 
million
I533.26 
million
Balance outstanding as at 
the balance sheet date
51.67  
million
I175.26 
million
 b)  The Company has not made any investments, given 
guarantees or securities which are prejudicial to in 
the interest of the Company. Accordingly, provisions 
of clause 3 (iii)(b) is not applicable.
 c)  In respect of loans granted by the Company, the 
schedule of repayment of principal and payment 
of interest has been stipulated. An amount of I 2.21 
million of interest is overdue for more than 2 years 
from a foreign subsidiary and I21.30 million which is 
overdue for more 30 days from an Indian subsidiary 
as on the balance sheet date. Further, the loan a part 
of loan amounting to I200 million of loan has been 
converted into capital of the said entity.
 d)  In respect of loans and advances in the nature of 
loans, there are no principal amount overdue for 
more than 90 days however, interest amounting to  
I2.21 million form the foreign subsidiary and I16.76 
million due from the Indian subsidiary is more 
than 90 days. In our opinion and as represented 
to us by the Company necessary steps have been 
taken by the Company for recovery of the interest 
is reasonable.
 e)  Based on the information and explanation given to 
us by the Company has not granted any loans or 
advances in the nature of loans which are repayable 
on demand or without specifying any terms or 
period of repayment. Accordingly, reporting under 
clause 3(iii)(e) of the Order is not applicable.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
74

===== PAGE 62 =====
 f)  The Company has not granted any loans or 
advances in the nature of loans either repayable on 
demand or without specifying any terms or period 
of repayment during the year. Hence, reporting 
under clause 3(iii)(f) is not applicable.
4.  Based on the information and explanations given to 
us, the Company has complied with the provisions 
of sections 185 and 186 in respect of loans granted, 
investments made and guarantees provided.
5.  The Company has not accepted any deposits as 
applicable under the directives issued by the Reserve 
Bank of India and the provisions of sections 73 to 76 or 
any other provisions of the Act and rules framed under. 
Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3(v) of the said Order 
are not applicable.
6.  To the best of our knowledge and explanations given 
to us, the Central Government has prescribed the 
maintenance of cost records under sub-section (1) of 
section 148 of the Act and the Company is in the process 
of preparing the said records as at the end of the year 
and accordingly, we are unable to comment on the 
maintenance of the same.
7 .  a)  According to the records of the Company, the 
Company is generally regular in depositing 
undisputed statutory dues including provident 
fund, Goods and Service Tax and any other 
statutory dues to the appropriate authorities as at  
March 31, 2026 concerned for a period of more than 
six months from the date they became payable.
 b)  According to the records of the Company and 
according to the information and explanation given 
to us, there are no dues outstanding on account of 
any disputes in respect of income tax, service tax, 
customs duty or excise duty or value added tax as 
at the March 31, 2026.
8.  According to the information and explanation given to 
us, there are no transactions not recorded in the books 
of account, which have been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the year in the tax assessment in the 
Income Tax Act, 1961.
9.  a.  According to the information and explanation 
furnished to us, the Company has not defaulted in 
the repayment of borrowings or in the payment of 
interest thereon.
 b.  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
to us, the Company has not been declared wilful 
defaulter by any bank or financial institution or 
government or any government authority.
 c.  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
to us by the Company it has used the term loan for 
the purpose for which it was borrowed.
 d.  On an overall examination of the financial 
statements of the Company, funds raised on short 
term basis have, prima facie, not been used during 
the year for long-term purposes by the Company.
 e.  On an overall examination of the financial 
statements of the Company, it has not taken any 
funds from any entity or person on account of or to 
meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates 
or joint ventures. Accordingly, provision of clause 
3(ix)(e) of the Order is not applicable.
10.  a)  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
to us by the Company, it has not raised any money 
by way of initial public offer or further public offer 
(including debt instruments) during the year. 
Accordingly, provisions of clause 3 (x)(a) of the Order 
is not applicable.
 b)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and based on our audit procedures, 
the Company has complied with the provisions 
of section 42 and 62 of the Act, in respect of such 
allotment. The details of the funds so raised and 
utilised has been reported in note 11 (h) of the 
financial statements.
11. a)  According to the information and explanation given 
to us, no frauds reported by the Company or any 
fraud on the Company by its officers or employees, 
has been noticed or reported during the year. 
Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3(xi) (a) of the 
said Order is not applicable.
 b)  According to the information and explanation given 
to us, no report under sub-section (12) of section 
143 of the Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as 
prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and 
Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, 
during the year and up to the date of this report
 c)  Based on the information and explanation given to 
us, there are no whistle blower complaints received 
by the Company during the year and accordingly, 
provisions of the clause 3 (xi)(c) of the Order is 
not applicable.
12.  The Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, 
the provisions of clause 3(xii) of the said Order are 
not applicable.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
75


===== PAGE 63 =====
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA Vasuki H S)
Partner
Membership No: 212013
UDIN: 26212013XTPXVG7670
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 9, 2026
13.  In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanation given to us and as represented to us by 
the management, all transactions with the related 
parties are in compliance with section 177 and 188 of 
the Act and the details have been disclosed in the Ind 
AS financial statements as required by the applicable 
accounting standards.
14.  a)  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
to us by the Company, it has an adequate internal 
audit system commensurate with the size and 
nature of business.
 b)  We have considered, the internal audit reports for 
the year under audit, issued to the Company during 
the year and till date, in determining the nature, 
timing and extent of our audit procedures.
15.  As represented to us by the management and 
according to the information and explanation given 
to us, the Company has not entered into any non-cash 
transactions with directors or persons connected with 
him. Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3(xv) of the said 
Order are not applicable.
16.  a)  In our opinion, the Company is not required to be 
registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of 
India Act, 1934. Accordingly, the provisions of clause 
3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
 b)  In our opinion, there is no core investment company 
within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment 
Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016 and 
accordingly the provisions of the clause 3(xvi)(d) of 
the Order is not applicable
17.  The Company has not incurred any cash loss during the 
year or in the immediately preceding previous year.
18.  According to the information and explanation furnished 
to us by the Company, there is no resignation of statutory 
auditors during the year.
19.  On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the 
financial statements and our knowledge of the Board 
of Directors and Management plans and based on our 
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, 
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to 
believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the 
date of the audit report indicating that Company is not 
capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of 
balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period 
of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, 
state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability 
of the Company. We further state that our reporting is 
based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and 
we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all 
liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the 
balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company 
as and when they fall due.
20.  Based on the information and explanation provided by 
the Company there is no unspent amount on account 
of Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) in the earlier 
years. Further, there was no unspent CSR amount on 
account of ongoing projects which need to transferred 
to separate bank account. Accordingly, the provisions of 
clause 3 (xx) of the order is not applicable.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
76

===== PAGE 64 =====
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA Vasuki H S)
Partner
Membership No: 212013
UDIN: 26212013XTPXVG7670
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 9, 2026
ANNEXURE-B 
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH 2 (f) UNDER THE HEADING “REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS” 
OF OUR REPORT TO THE MEMBERS ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) 
of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”):
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of ASM Technologies Limited (“the Company”) as 
of March 31, 2026, in conjunction with our audit of the Ind AS 
financial statements of the Company for the year ended on 
that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal  
Financial Controls:
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on “the 
internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”. These 
responsibilities include the design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient 
conduct of its business, including adherence to company’s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of 
reliable financial information, as required under the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”).
Auditors’ Responsibility:
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on 
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards 
on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed 
under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards 
and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical 
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal 
financial controls over financial reporting was established 
and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in 
all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing 
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and 
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting:
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the 
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately 
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the 
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation 
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with 
authorizations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention 
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company's assets that could have a material 
effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting:
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting, including the possibility 
of collusion or improper management override of controls, 
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and 
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls over financial reporting to future 
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control 
over financial reporting may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion:
In our opinion, the Company, in all material respects, has an 
adequate internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over financial 
reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, 
based on “the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India”. However, the Company needs to strengthen  
the documentation in respect of inventory records  
maintained by it.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
77


===== PAGE 65 =====
Standalone Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
(I In millions)
Particulars Note no As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 3 806.75 367.74
(b) Intangible assets 4.1 49.12 23.60
(c) Intangible assets under development 4.2 66.75 -
(c) Financial Assets
 (i) Investments 5 (i) 498.57 268.54
 (ii) Loans and advances 5 (ii) 34.81 40.57
(d) Deferred tax assets (net) 6 - 18.94
(e) Other non-current assets 7 428.99 9.34
Total Non-current assets 1,884.99 728.73
(2) Current assets
(a) Inventories 8 636.42 88.89
(b) Financial Assets
 (i) Investments 9 (i) 679.57 123.83
 (ii) Trade receivables 9 (ii) 1,486.48 1,431.83
 (iii) Cash and cash equivalents 9 (iii) (a) 20.50 3.13
 (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 9 (iii) (b) 206.91 106.36
 (v) Loans 9 (iv) 175.40 332.19
 (vi) Others 9 (v) 27.55 68.16
(c) Other current assets 10 137.56 64.33
Total Current Assets 3,370.39 2,218.72
TOTAL ASSETS 5,255.38 2,947.45
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share capital 11 145.89 118.77
(b) Other Equity 12 3,221.92 1,738.62
Total Equity 3,367.81 1,857.39
LIABILITIES
(1) Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 13 681.30 163.17
 (ii) Lease liabilities 14 75.74 37.74
(b) Deferred tax liabilities (Net) 6 2.67 -
(c) Provisions 15 16.31 2.52
Total Non-current liabilities 776.02 203.43
(2) Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 16 (i) 392.92 527.60
 (ii) Lease liabilities 48.60 34.27
 (iii) Trade payables 16 (ii) -
  (A) total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 5.11 2.13
  (B)  total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and 
small enterprises
328.70 194.16
 (iv) Other financial liabilities 16 (iii) 15.61 9.22
(b) Other current liabilities 16 (iv) 183.84 51.80
(c) Provisions 17 136.77 67.45
Total Current liabilities 1,111.55 886.63
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 5,255.38 2,947.45
Summary of material accounting policies 1, 2
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of Board of Directors
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
78

===== PAGE 66 =====
Standalone Statement of Profit & Loss
for the year ended March 31, 2026
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of Board of Directors
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
(I In millions)
Particulars Note no. Current Year Previous year
I Revenue from operations 18 4,797.86 2,397.73
II Other income 19 107.83 148.40
Total Income (i) 4,905.69 2,546.13
Expenses
III Cost of Goods Consumed 20 1,600.80 297.98
IV Changes in Inventories 21 (547.53) (78.60)
V Employee benefits expense 22 1,993.23 1,399.33
VI Finance costs 23 75.98 100.07
VII Depreciation and amortization expenses 24 105.59 62.09
VIII Other expenses 25 795.15 403.05
Total expenses (ii) 4,023.22 2,183.92
IX Profit/(loss) before tax and Exceptional Items[(i)- (ii)] 882.47 362.21
X Less : Exceptional Item 16.12 3.79
XI Profit/(loss) before tax (IX-X) 866.35 358.42
XII Tax expenses
(i) Current tax 207.65 81.01
(ii) Deferred tax 18.79 11.91
(iii) Prior Year tax - 2.56
Total tax expense 226.44 95.48
XIII Profit/(Loss) for the year 639.91 262.94
XIV Other Comprehensive Income
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or (loss)
  Remeasurement of defined benefit plans (2.60) (4.04)
 (ii)  Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to  
profit or loss
  Deferred tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 0.65 1.02
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
  Changes in fair value of investments in equity instruments 24.26 (5.39)
 (ii)  Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or 
loss
  Deferred tax on fair valuation of investments in equity instruments (3.48) 0.77
18.83 (7.64)
XV Total Comprehensive Income for the year 658.74 255.30
XVI Earnings per equity share [nominal value of share I10 (June 30, 2025: I10)] 26
Basic 53.77 22.33
Diluted 53.77 18.15
Summary of significant accounting policies
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
79


===== PAGE 67 =====
Cash Flow Statement 
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(I In millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
(A) Cash flows from operating activities
Profit / (loss) before tax 866.35 358.43
Adjustment to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:
Depreciation and amortization expense 105.59 62.09
Finance costs 75.98 100.07
Interest income (53.42) (78.86)
Dividend income (3.17) (0.08)
Fair valuation of investments (23.99) (9.33)
Share of profit/loss in LLP 42.68 (16.53)
Provision no longer required - (29.61)
Provision for trade receibables 0.01 -
Loss on sale of investments - -
(Profit)/ loss on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment & IP - 0.72
Operating profit before working capital changes 1,010.03 386.90
Movements in working capital :
Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables 137.52 131.83
Increase/ (decrease) in other current liabilities 76.06 (6.07)
Decrease / (increase) in inventories (547.53) (78.60)
Decrease / (increase) in trade receivables (54.65) (700.28)
Decrease / (increase) in other non current assets - -
Decrease / (increase) in other current assets (80.11) 59.94
Increase/ (decrease) in other financial liabilities - 2.57
Decrease / (increase) in loans and advances (49.75) 1.08
Increase / (decrease) in provisions 10.75 21.74
Cash generated from /(used in) operations 502.32 (180.89)
Direct taxes paid, net 131.61 3.95
Net cash flow from/ (used in) operating activities (A) 370.71 (184.84)
(B) Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of Property, plant & equipment 
(including capital work in progress and capital advances)
(999.96) (278.97)
Proceeds from sale of Property Plant & equipment - 3.40
Purchase of non current investments (78.64) (151.20)
Purchase of Current Investments (529.57) -
Proceeds from sale of current investments 40.31
(Increase)/decrease in other bank balances (100.56) 600.18
Dividend received 3.17 0.08
Interest received 94.03 36.81
Net cash flow from/ (used in) investing activities (B) (1,571.22) 210.30
(C) Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from issue of equity shares and warrants 957.91 10.97
Proceeds from long-term borrowings 584.10 145.44
Repayment of Non current debentures - (91.64)
Repayment of long-term borrowings (79.30) (89.84)
Lease payments 52.33 (31.49)
Increase/(decrease) of short-term borrowings, net (121.37) 154.79
Interest paid (73.32) (99.49)
Dividends paid (including tax on dividend) (102.47) (24.15)
Net cash flow from/ (used in) in financing activities (C) 1,217.88 (25.41)
(D) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A + B + C) 17.37 0.03
(E) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 3.13 3.10
(F) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 20.50 3.13
The Company has followed indirect cashflow method as per IND AS 7
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of Board of Directors
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
80

===== PAGE 68 =====
Statement of Changes in Equity
as at March 31, 2026
a. Equity Share Capital
 Current Reporting Period:
Particulars K In millions
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 118.77
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors -
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 118.77
Changes in Equity Share Capital during the current year 27.12
Balance at the end of the current reporting period 145.89
  Previous Reporting Period:
Particulars K In millions
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 117.74
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors -
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 117.74
Changes in Equity Share Capital during the current year (partly paid) 1.03
Balance at the end of the current reporting period 118.77
b. Other Equity
 Current Reporting Period:
(I In millions)
Particulars General 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Capital 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Money 
received 
against share 
warrants
Total
As at April 1, 2025 93.00 417.86 - 891.99 15.81 319.95 1,738.61
Profit/(loss) for the year - - - 639.91 18.83 - 658.74
On issue of Equity shares/ warrants - 1,249.20 - - - (319.96) 929.24
Other Comprehensive income - - - - - - -
Dividend declared during the year - - - (106.21) - - (106.21)
Utilized during the year  
for rights issue
- - - 1.53 - - 1.53
Transfer to retained earnings - - - - - - -
As at March 31, 2026 93.00 1,667.06 - 1,427.22 34.64 (0.01) 3,221.91
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
81


===== PAGE 69 =====
 Previous Reporting period
(I In millions)
Particulars General 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Capital 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Money 
received 
against share 
warrants
Total
As at April 1, 2024 93.00 395.77 - 654.12 23.45 332.10 1,498.44
Profit/(loss) for the year - - 262.94 (7.64) - 255.30
On account of merger/ issue of 
shares
- - - - - - -
Received during the year 47.39 36.27 83.66
Dividend declared during the year - - - (23.54) - - (23.54)
Utilized during the year for rights 
issue
- (25.30) - (1.53) - (48.42) (75.25)
Transfer to retained earnings - - - - - - -
As at March 31, 2025 93.00 417.86 - 891.99 15.81 319.95 1,738.61
i)  General Reserve:
  The general reserve is a free reserve which is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation 
purposes. As the general reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of 
other comprehensive income.
ii) Security Premium:
  Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the provisions 
of section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013. During the year an amount of I 47.39 million has been added on account of 
conversion of share warrants to share capital.
iii) Capital Reserve:
 Capital Reserve is created on forfeiture of equity shares issued by the Company.
iv) Share Warrants:
 Share warrants issued during the previous year are convertible into 1 equity share of I10/- each for every share warrant issued.
v) Retained Earnings:
 It comprises of the accumulated profits/(loss) of the Company.
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of Board of Directors
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Statement of Changes in Equity
as at March 31, 2026
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
82

===== PAGE 70 =====
1  CORPORATE INFORMATION:
  ASM Technologies Limited ("the Company") is a company 
incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and is a 
pioneer in providing world class consulting services in 
areas of Engineering services and Product Engineering 
services with successful offshore development & support 
centres in India and overseas for its global clientele. The 
shares of the Company is listed in Bombay Stock Exchange. 
The financial statements have been approved by the 
Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting held 
on May 9, 2026.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
2.1 Basis of Preparation:
  In accordance with the notification issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs, the Company has adopted Indian 
Accounting Standards ("Ind AS") notified under the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 
with effect from April 1, 2017. The financial statements of 
the Company are prepared and presented in accordance 
with Ind AS.
  The financial statements have been prepared on 
the historical cost basis, except for certain financial 
instruments which are measured at fair values at the end 
of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting 
policies below. Historical cost is generally based on the 
fair value of the consideration given in exchange for 
goods and services.
2.2 Summary of material accounting policies:
a) Use of Estimates:
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with 
Ind AS requires the management to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities 
and the disclosure of contingent liabilities, at the end 
of the reporting period. Although these estimates are 
based on the management’s best knowledge of current 
events and actions, uncertainty about these assumptions 
and estimates could result in the outcomes requiring a 
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets 
or liabilities in future periods. Any revision to accounting 
estimates is recognized prospectively.
b) Current versus non-current classification:
  The Company presents assets and liabilities in the balance 
sheet based on current/ non-current classification.
 An asset is treated as current when it is:
 y Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or 
consumed in normal operating cycle.
 y Held primarily for the purpose of trading
 y Expected to be realised within twelve months after 
the reporting period, or
 y Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being 
exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least 
twelve months after the reporting period
 All other assets are classified as non-current.
 A liability is treated as current when:
 y It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle
 y It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
 y It is due to be settled within twelve months after the 
reporting period, or
 y There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement 
of the liability for at least twelve months after the 
reporting period
  All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
  Defferred tax assets/ liabilities are classified as non-
current assets/ liabilities.
c) Property, Plant & Equipment:
  Property, plant and equipment ("PPE") are stated at 
the cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation 
and write down for, impairment if any. Direct costs are 
capitalised until the assets are ready to be put to use. 
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying 
amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, 
only when it is probable that future economic benefits 
associated with the item will flow to the entity and the 
cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other 
expenses on existing assets, including day-to-day repair 
and maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing 
parts, which do not meet the definition of PPE as per Ind 
AS 16 are charged to the statement of profit and loss for 
the period during which such expenses are incurred.
  Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of PPE are 
measured as the difference between the net disposal 
proceeds and the carrying amount of PPE and are 
recognized in the statement of profit and loss when the 
PPE is derecognized.
d) Depreciation:
  Depreciation is provided on straight-line method as per 
the rates specified in schedule II of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”). Depreciation for the assets purchased/
sold during the year is proportionately charged. The 
assets" residual values and useful lives are reviewed at 
each financial year end or whenever there are indicators 
for revision, and adjusted prospectively.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
83


===== PAGE 71 =====
e) Investment Properties:
  Investment property represents properties held for 
rental yields and/or for capital appreciation or both 
rather than for:
 (a)  use in the production or supply of services or for 
administrative purposes; or
 (b)  sale in the ordinary course of business.
  Investment property is stated at the cost of acquisition 
less accumulated depreciation.
  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying 
amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, 
only when it is probable that future economic benefits 
associated with the item will flow to the entity and the 
cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other 
expenses on existing assets, including day-to-day repair 
and maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing 
parts, which do not meet the definition of Investment 
Property as per Ind AS 40 are charged to the statement of 
profit and loss for the period during which such expenses 
are incurred.
f) Intangible Assets:
  Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on 
intial cost. Subsequently, carried at cost less accumulated 
amortization and accumulated impariment losses, if any.
  Intangible assets comprising of computer software is 
amortised on a over a period of three years as estimated 
by the management.
  Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an 
intangible asset are measured as a difference between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of 
the asset and are recognised in the statement of profit 
or loss when asset is derecognised.
g) Leases:
 Where Company is a Lessee:
  The Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist of 
leases for buildings. The Company assesses whether a 
contract contains a lease, at inception of a contract. A 
contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset for a 
period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess 
whether a contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset, the Company assesses whether:
 (i)  the contact involves the use of an identified asset
 (ii)  the Company has substantially all of the economic 
benefits from use of the asset through the  
period of the lease
 (iii)  the Company has the right to direct the use of 
the asset. 
  At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a 
corresponding lease liability for all lease arrangements in 
which it is a lessee, except for leases with a term of twelve 
months or less (short-term leases) and low value leases. 
For these short-term and low value leases, the Company 
recognizes the lease payments as an operating expense 
on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
  Certain lease arrangements includes the options to 
extend or terminate the lease before the end of the 
lease term. ROU assets and lease liabilities includes 
these options when it is reasonably certain that they will 
be exercised.
  The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost at 
the present value of the future lease payments. The lease 
payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit 
in the lease or, if not readily determinable, using the 
incremental borrowing rates in the country of domicile 
of these leases. Lease liabilities are remeasured with a 
corresponding adjustment to the related right of use 
asset if the Company changes its assessment if whether 
it will exercise an extension or a termination option.
  Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments have 
been classified as financing cash flows.
  The borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities for 
discouting is 12.55%
h) Employee Benefits:
 (i) Short term employee benefits:
   The employee benefits payable wholly within 
twelve months of rendering the service are 
classified as short term employee benefits. Benefits 
such as salaries, leave travel allowance, short term 
compensated absences etc. and the expected cost 
of bonus are recognised in the period in which the 
employee renders the related service.
 (ii)  Defined Benefit Plans:
   Gratuity, which is a defined benefit plan, is accrued 
based on an independent actuarial valuation, which 
is done based on project unit credit method as at 
the balance sheet date. The Company recognizes 
the net obligation of a defined benefit plan in its 
balance sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and 
losses through re-measurements of the net defined 
benefit liability/ (asset) are recognized in other 
comprehensive income. In accordance with Ind 
AS, re-measurement gains and losses on defined 
benefit plans recognized in OCI are not to be 
subsequently reclassified to statement of profit and 
loss. As required under Ind AS compliant Schedule 
III, the Company recognizes re-measurement gains 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
84
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 72 =====
and losses on defined benefit plans (net of tax) to 
retained earnings.
    The Company doesn't have a policy for encashment 
of leave
i) Revenue Recognition:
  The Company derives revenues primarily from IT 
related services. Effective April 1, 2018, the Company 
has adopted Ind AS 115, "Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers". Revenue is recognized upon transfer of 
control of promised services to customers in an amount 
that refelects the considereation we expect to receive in 
for those services.
  Revenue on time-and-material contracts are recognized 
as the related services are performed and revenue from 
the end of the last invoicing to the reporting date is 
recognized as unbilled revenue. Revenue from fixed-
price, fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance 
obligations are satisfied over time and where there is 
no uncertainty as to measurement or collectability of 
consideration, is recognized as per the percentage-
of-completion method. When there is uncertainty as 
to measurement or ultimate collectability, revenue 
recognition is postponed until such uncertainty is 
resolved. Efforts or costs expended have been used to 
measure progress towards completion as there is a direct 
relationship between input and productivity.
  The Company recognised incentive from government in 
respect of Service Exports from India Scheme based on 
claim lodged by the Company.
j) Taxation:
  Income tax expense comprises current tax expense 
and the net change in the deferred tax asset or liability 
during the year. Current and deferred tax are recognized 
in statement of profit or loss, except when they relate 
to items that are recognized in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and 
deferred tax are also recognized in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, respectively.
  Current income tax expense comprises taxes on income 
from operations in India and in foreign jurisdictions. 
Income tax payable in India is determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Tax 
expense relating to foreign operations is determined in 
accordance with tax laws applicable in countries where 
such operations are domiciled. Minimum Alternative Tax 
(MAT) paid in accordance with the tax laws in India, which 
gives rise to future economic benefits in the form of 
adjustment of future income tax liability, is considered as 
an asset if there is convincing evidence that the Company 
will pay normal income tax in future years. Accordingly, 
MAT is recognised as an asset in the balance sheet when 
the asset can be measured reliably and it is probable that 
the future economic benefit associated with the assets 
will fructify.
  Deferred income tax is recognized on temporary 
differences at the balance sheet date between the tax 
bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts 
for financial reporting purposes, except when the 
deferred income tax arises from the initial recognition of 
goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not 
a business combination and affects neither accounting 
nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the transaction.
  Deferred income tax assets are recognized for all 
deductible temporary differences, carry forward of 
unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent 
that it is probable that taxable profit will be available 
against which the deductible temporary differences, and 
the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax 
losses can be utilized.
  The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets 
is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that 
sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or 
part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilized.  
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured 
at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period 
when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based 
on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
k) Inventories:
  Cost is ascertained on a weighted average basis, is 
defined as being all expenditure, which has been 
incurred in bringing the product or service to its present 
location and condition or net realizable values whichever 
is lower. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price 
in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs 
of completion and estimated costs necessary to make 
the sale.
l) Foreign Currency Transactions:
 Functional Currency:
  The functional currency of the Company is the 
Indian rupee.
 Transactions and translations:
  Foreign currency transactions are recorded at exchange 
rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign 
currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities 
are restated into the functional currency using exchange 
rates prevailing on the balance sheet date. Gains and 
losses arising on settlement and restatement of foreign 
currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities are 
included in the statement of profit and loss.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
85


===== PAGE 73 =====
m)  Provisions, Contingent liabilities and Contingent 
assets:
  A provision is recognized when an enterprise has a 
present obligation (legal or constructive) as result of past 
event and it is probable that an outflow of embodying 
economic benefits of resources will be required to 
settle a reliably assessable obligation. Provisions are 
determined based on best estimate required to settle 
each obligation at each balance sheet date. If the effect 
of the time value of money is material, provisions are 
discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, 
when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When 
discounting is used, the increase in the provision due 
to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.  
Provisions for onerous contracts, i.e. contracts 
where the expected unavoidable costs of meeting 
obligations under a contract exceed the economic 
benefits expected to be received, are recognized 
when it is probable that an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits will be required to 
settle a present obligation as a result of an obligating 
event, based on a reliable estimate of such obligation.  
A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises 
from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain 
future events beyond the control of the Company or a 
present obligation that is not recognized because it is not 
probable that an outflow of resources will be required to 
settle the obligation. A contingent liability also arises in 
extremely rare cases where there is a liability that cannot 
be recognized because it cannot be measured reliably. 
The Company does not recognize a contingent liability 
but discloses its existence in the financial statements. A 
contingent asset is never recognised but only disclosed 
in the financial statements.
n) Segment reporting policies:
 Identification of segments:
  Operating Segments are identified on the basis of 
internal reports about components of the group that are 
regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker 
(CODM) in order to allocate resources to the segments 
and to assess their performance in accordance with Ind 
AS 108, Operating Segments. Since CODM evaluates 
Company’s performance at a geographic segment level, 
operating segment information is accordingly given at 
geographic level.
o) Financial Instruments:
  Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions 
of the instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are 
initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial 
assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets 
and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) 
are added to or deducted from the fair value measured 
on initial recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
 i) Cash & Cash equivalents:
   The Company considers all highly liquid financial 
instruments, which are readily convertible into 
known amounts of cash that are subject to an 
insignificant risk of change in value and having 
original maturities of three months or less from the 
date of purchase, to be cash equivalents. Cash and 
cash equivalents consist of balances with banks 
which are unrestricted for withdrawal and usage.
 ii) Financial assets at amortized cost:
   Financial assets are subsequently measured at 
amortized cost if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is to hold these 
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding.
 iii)  Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
   Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income if these financial 
assets are held within a business whose objective is 
achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows 
and selling financial assets and the contractual terms 
of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
 iv)  Financial assets at fair value through profit or 
loss:
   Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
profit or loss unless it is measured at amortized 
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income on initial recognition. The transaction costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss are immediately recognized in statement of 
profit and loss.
 v) Financial liabilities:
   Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at 
amortized cost using the effective interest method, 
except for contingent consideration recognized 
in a business combination which is subsequently 
measured at fair value through profit or loss. For 
trade and other payables maturing within one year 
from the balance sheet date, the carrying amounts 
approximate fair value due to the short maturity of 
these instruments.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
86
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 74 =====
 vi) De-recognition of financial instruments:
   The Company derecognizes a financial asset when 
the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expire or it transfers the financial 
asset and the transfer qualifies for de-recognition 
under Ind AS 109. A financial liability (or a part 
of a financial liability) is derecognized when the 
obligation specified in the contract is discharged 
or cancelled or expires.
 vii) Fair value of financial instruments:
   In determining the fair value of its financial 
instruments, the Company uses following hierarchy 
and assumptions that are based on market 
conditions and risks existing at each reporting date.
  Fair value hierarchy:
   All assets and liabilities for which fair value is 
measured or disclosed in the financial statements 
are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, 
described as follows, based on the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement as 
a whole:
 y  Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 y  Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which 
the lowest level input that is significant to 
the fair value measurement is directly or 
indirectly observable
 y  Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which 
the lowest level input that is significant to 
the fair value measurement is unobservable  
For assets and liabilities that are recognized in 
the financial statements on a recurring basis, 
the Company determines whether transfers 
have occurred between levels in the hierarchy 
by re-assessing categorization (based on the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole) at the end of 
each reporting period.
 viii) Investments in subsidiary:
 Investments in subsidiary is carried at cost.
p) Impairment:
 i) Financial assets:
   The Company assesses at each date of balance 
sheet whether a financial asset or a group of 
financial assets is impaired. Ind AS 109 requires 
expected credit losses to be measured through a 
loss allowance. The Company recognises lifetime 
expected losses for all contract assets and / or all 
trade receivables that do not constitute a financing 
transaction. For all other financial assets, expected 
credit losses are measured at an amount equal 
to the 12-month expected credit losses or at an 
amount equal to the life time expected credit losses 
if the credit risk on the financial asset has increased 
significantly since initial recognition.
 ii) Non-financial assets:
   Tangible and Intangible assets: PPE, intangible 
assets and investment property with finite life are 
evaluated for recoverability whenever there is any 
indication that their carrying amounts may not 
be recoverable. If any such indication exists, the 
recoverable amount (i.e. higher of the fair value less 
cost to sell and the value-in-use) is determined on 
an individual asset basis unless the asset does not 
generate cash flows that are largely independent 
of those from other assets. In such cases, the 
recoverable amount is determined for the cash 
generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. 
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or CGU) is 
estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the 
carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is reduced 
to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
q) Cashflow Statement:
  Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, 
whereby profit for the period is adjusted for the effects 
of transactions of a non-cash nature, any deferrals or 
accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or 
payments and item of income or expenses associated 
with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows 
from operating, investing and financing activities of the 
Company are segregated. The Company considers all 
highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to 
known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
2.3  Significant accounting judgements, estimates 
and assumptions:
  The preparation of the Company’s financial statements 
requires management to make judgements, estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts 
of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and 
the accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure 
of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these 
assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of 
assets or liabilities affected in future periods.
a) Judgements:
  In the process of applying the Company’s accounting 
policies, management has made the following 
judgements, which have the most significant effect on 
the amounts recognized in the financial statements:
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
87


===== PAGE 75 =====
(b) Estimates and assumptions:
  The key assumptions concerning the future and other 
key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting 
date, that have a significant risk of causing a material 
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities within the next financial year, are described 
below. The Company based its assumptions and estimates 
on parameters available when the financial statements 
were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions 
about future developments, however, may change due to 
market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond 
the control of the Company. Such changes are reflected 
in the assumptions when they occur.
 Defined benefit plans - Gratuity
  The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan and other 
post-employment medical benefits and the present value 
of the gratuity obligation are determined using actuarial 
valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various 
assumptions that may differ from actual developments 
in the future. These include the determination of the 
discount rate, future salary increases and mortality 
rates. Due to the complexities involved in the valuation 
and its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation 
is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All 
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
  The parameter most subject to change is the discount 
rate. In determining the appropriate discount rate for 
plans operated in India, the management considers the 
interest rates of government bonds
  The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality 
tables. Those mortality tables tend to change only at 
interval in response to demographic changes. Future 
salary increases are based on expected future inflation 
rates and expected salary increase thereon.
2.4 Recent Accounting Pronouncements:
  i.  Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notified new 
standards or amendments to the existing standards 
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules as issued from time to time.
 ii.  In May 2025, MCA notified amendments to Ind AS 
21 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange 
Rates, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025. The Company 
has reviewed the amendment and based on its 
evaluation has determined that it does not have 
any significant impact in its financial statements.
    In August 2025, MCA notified the following 
amendments to:
 iii. 3.  Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, 
applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025 – The amendment 
relates to classification of liabilities as current 
or non-current and non-current liabilities 
with covenants. In the context of classifying a 
liability as current, it removes the requirement 
of existence of a right to defer settlement for 
at least 12 months after the reporting date and 
instead requires that the said right should exist 
on the reporting date and have substance. 
The amendment also introduces guidance on 
classification of liabilities with covenants. The 
Company has no impact of these amendments 
in its classification criteria of current and non-
current liabilities.
 iv.  Ind AS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107, 
Financial Instruments: Disclosures, applicable 
w.e.f. April 1, 2025 – The amendment in Ind AS 7 
requires to inform users of financial statements of 
the existence of supplier finance arrangements and 
explain the nature of the arrangements, the carrying 
amount of liabilities and the range of payment 
due dates. Ind AS 107 has been amended to add 
supplier finance arrangements as a factor that may 
cause concentration of liquidity risk. The Company 
has reviewed the amendment and based on its 
evaluation has determined that it does not have 
any significant impact in its financial statements.
 v.  Ind AS 12 – International Tax Reform, Pillar Two 
Model Rules (notified August 2025, applicable 
immediately and retrospectively): Provides a 
temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax 
accounting for top-up tax.
2.5 Standards Issued not yet Effective:
  The Government of India has issued an amendment 
to Ind AS 1 removing the India-specific carve-outs on 
classification of liabilities upon breach of covenants. 
This is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
April 1, 2026. The Company will analyse the impact of this 
amendment in due course of time.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
88
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 76 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
3  Property, Plant and Equipment:
(I In millions)
Land 
(freehold) Building Computers Electrical 
fittings
Furniture & 
fixtures
Office 
Equipment Vehicles Generator Plant & 
Machinery Right to use Leasehold 
Improvements Total
Cost
As at March 31, 2025 20.51 11.76 128.03 19.27 12.95 16.37 9.98 0.56 216.37 210.83 646.64
Additions - - 28.62 8.02 13.46 17.60 2.25 - 342.26 93.30 31.88 537.39
Disposals -
Other Adjustments -
As at March 31, 2026 20.51 11.76 156.65 27.29 26.41 33.97 12.23 0.56 558.63 304.13 31.88 1,184.03
Depreciation/Amortisation
At March 31, 2025 - 2.27 87.11 5.98 9.23 7.83 6.01 0.56 2.46 157.43 278.90
Charge for the year - 0.27 24.20 4.31 1.99 4.22 0.91 - 19.78 38.47 4.24 98.39
Disposals
Other Adjustment
At March 31, 2026 - 2.54 111.31 10.29 11.22 12.05 6.92 0.56 22.24 195.90 4.24 377.28
Net Block
At March 31, 2025 20.51 9.49 40.92 13.29 3.72 8.54 3.97 - 213.91 53.40 367.74
At March 31, 2026 20.51 9.22 45.34 17.00 15.19 21.92 5.31 - 536.39 108.23 27.64 806.75
 Notes:
 1. The Company has not revalued its PPE during the year or previous years.
 2. The Company has title deeds of all its immovable properties in its name including right to use assets.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
89


===== PAGE 77 =====
4.1  Intangibles:   
(I In millions)
Particulars Computer 
Software Total
Cost
As at April 1, 2024 49.80 49.80
Additions 0.96 0.96
Disposals - -
Other Adjustments - -
As at March 31, 2025 50.76 50.76
Additions 32.72 32.72
Disposals - -
Other Adjustments - -
As at March 31, 2026 83.48 83.48
Depreciation/Amortisation
At April 1, 2024 22.31 22.31
Charge for the year 4.85 4.85
Disposals - -
Other Adjustment - -
At March 31, 2025 27.16 27.16
Charge for the year 7.20 7.20
Disposals - -
Other Adjustment - -
At March 31, 2026 34.36 34.36
 Net Block 
 At March 31, 2025  23.60  23.60 
 At March 31, 2026  49.12  49.12 
4.2 Intangibles under development:
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Product Development 66.75 -
Total 66.75
Agewise details:
Less than 1 year 66.75 -
1 Year to 2 Years - -
2 years to 3 years - -
More than 3 Years - -
Total 66.75 -
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
90
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 78 =====
5 Non Current Financial Assets:
 Details of Investments
 
i) Name of the Company
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No of Shares K  in millions No of Shares K  in millions
Non Current Investments:
1) Investments In Equity Instruments
A) Investments in equity instruments of 
Subsidiaries and Joint ventures:
- Unquoted carried at cost
In Subsidiaries
i) ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd Singapore 
of SGD 1 each
10,00,000 34.52 10,00,000 34.52
ii) ASM Digital Technologies Inc, USA of USD 
0.01 each
1,60,00,000 9.94 1,60,00,000 9.94
iii) ASM Technologies Kabushiki Kaisha , Japan 
of JPY 100 each
1,32,379 12.96 10,000 0.64
iv) ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd , UK of GBP 10.00 
each
1,500 44.07 1,500 44.07
v) - in a limited liability partnership firm:
R V Forms & Gears LLP (Refer Note below)
- in Capital account - 323.10 - 143.00
- in Current account - (151.24) - (128.46)
vi) ASM Technologies Limited Viet nam 
Company Limited
18.64 - -
(Single member Limited Liability Company)
In Joint Ventures:
ASM HHV Engineering Pvt Ltd equity share of 
I10/- each
20,50,001 20.50 10,50,001 10.50
B) Investments in fair value through Other 
Comprehensive Income
- In Venture Capital Fund
i) Ideaspring Capital Future Now 65.35 52.31
ii) Ideaspring Capital Future Now II 53.77 35.06
C) Investments in equity instruments in 
others: (Fairvalue through OCI)
-
Baro Vehicles Limited, UK (GBP 0.0001) each 7,376 5.26 7,376 5.26
D) Investments in fair value through profit 
& loss
-
Investments in compulsory convertible 
preference shares (Unquoted)
-
Lavelle Networks Private Limited of I10 each 6,873 64.25 6,873 64.25
Investment in LLC -
Interoperable Security LLC, USA (Previously 
known as Poly Logyx LLC)
- 12.65 - 12.65
Total - 513.77 - 283.74
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
91


===== PAGE 79 =====
i) Name of the Company
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No of Shares K  in millions No of Shares K  in millions
Less: Provision for dimunition in value of 
investments
- 15.20 - 15.20
- 498.57 - 268.54
Additional Information:
i) Aggregate amount of unquoted investments - 513.77 - 283.74
ii) Categorywise Non current investment:
Financial assets carried at amortised cost - 297.29 - 99.01
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through Profit & Loss
- 76.90 - 76.90
Financial assets measured at fair value 
through Other Comprehensive Income
- 124.38 - 92.63
Total non current investment - 498.57 - 268.54
  Additional information:
 Details of investments made in the capital of partnership firm:
a) Name of the firm Name of the Partner
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Partner’s  
Capital
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
Partner’s  
Capital
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
RV Forms & Gears LLP ASM Technologies 
Limited (the Company)
323.10 100.00% 123.09 99.99%
Rabindra Preeti 0.00 0.00% 0.01 0.01%
b) Name of the firm Name of the Partner
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Partner’s  
Capital in $
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
Partner’s  
Capital in $
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
Interoperable Security 
LLC (Previously known 
as PolyLogyx LLC)
ASM Technologies 
Limited (the Company)
40,908.00 4.09% 40,908.00 4.09%
Sridhar Jayanthi 4,77,332.00 47.73% 4,77,332.00 47.73%
Atul Kabra 3,56,514.00 35.65% 3,56,514.00 35.65%
Preet Mohinder 86,760.00 8.68% 86,760.00 8.68%
Moulik Mehta 12,354.00 1.24% 12,354.00 1.24%
Bhagyajyothi P Makam 7,466 0.75% 7,466 0.75%
Rajesh Ambareesh Rajah 9,333 0.93% 9,333 0.93%
Kailashnath Dornadula 9,333 0.93% 9,333 0.93%
(ii) Loans & Advances (Unsecured and considered good)
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Security Deposits 34.81 28.25
Share application money pending allotment - 12.32
Total 34.81 40.57
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
92
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 80 =====
6 Deferred Tax
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i) Deferred tax liability:
 a) On account of depreciation on PPE 10.39 4.87
 b) On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure - -
 c) On account of timing differences in recognition of value of investments 16.05 10.38
Total (a) 26.44 15.25
ii) Deferred tax asset:
 a) On account of depreciation on PPE - -
 b) On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure 23.78 34.19
Total (b) 23.78 34.19
Net Deferred tax (liability)/asset (a)-(b) (2.66) 18.94
7 Other Non Current Assets
(I In millions)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i) Deferred Rent-Asset 9.94 2.98
ii) Disputed taxes paid - 6.36
iii) Capital Advances 419.05 -
Total 428.99 9.34
8 Inventories:
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Raw Materials 300.01 72.22
Work-in-progress 202.30 -
Finished goods 134.11 16.67
Total 636.42 88.89
9 (i) Financial Assets:
As at March, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No of Units K (millions) No of Units K (millions)
i)  Investment - fair value through statement 
of Profit & Loss
Investments in Mutual Funds:
i) SBI Short Term Debt Fund* 13,87,001 46.09 15,18,362 47.65
ii) SBI Corporate Bond Fund* 50,19,196 80.17 50,19,196 76.07
iii) ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund 10,173 0.11 9,670 0.11
iii) SBI Arbitrage Opportunities Fund- Regular 
Plan -G $
1,45,28,811 513.40 - -
iv) LSD901G Magnum hybrid long short fund 
-Directplan -G
39,82,573 39.80 - -
Total 679.57 123.83
Aggregate Carrying value of quoted 
Investments
- 679.57 - 123.83
Aggregate Market value of quoted 
Investments
- 679.57 - 123.83
 *above investment is held as margin for loans taken by the Company
 $Amount received towards issue of shares & warrants and not utilised has been invested in mutual funds.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
93


===== PAGE 81 =====
(ii) 
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Trade Receivables
- Receivable from related parties 351.46 512.15
- Others 861.96 557.89
- Unbilled Revenue 282.65 371.38
1,496.07 1,441.42
Less: Allowance for bad & doubtful trade receivables (9.59) (9.59)
1,486.48 1,431.83
- Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule:
a) Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
Less than 6 Months 806.87 442.54
6 Months - 1 Year 9.97 58.65
1 - 2 Years - 28.18
2 - 3 Years - 28.52
More than 3 Years - -
816.84 557.89
b) Receivables from related parties
Less than 6 Months 66.53 173.31
6 Months - 1 Year 48.23 27.79
1 - 2 Years 61.82 76.86
2 - 3 Years 69.80 88.62
More than 3 Years 103.69 145.58
350.07 512.16
c) Unbilled Revenue: - 371.38
i) Unbilled for the following periods
Less than 6 Months 225.73 356.00
6 Months - 1 Year 46.45 11.04
1 - 2 Years - 0.59
2 - 3 Years - 1.45
More than 3 Years - -
272.18 369.08
ii) Unbilled pertaining to related parties
Less than 6 Months 10.47 2.30
6 Months - 1 Year - -
1 - 2 Years - -
2 - 3 Years - -
More than 3 Years - -
10.47 2.30
Total (i+ii) 282.65 371.38
Total (a+b+c) 1,449.56 1,441.42
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
94
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 82 =====
(iii)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
(a) Cash and Bank Balance
 Cash and cash equivalents:-
 i) Balance with Banks
  - In current accounts 20.50 3.12
 ii) Cash on hand - 0.01
20.50 3.13
(b) Bank Balances other than cash & cash equivalents
 - In unpaid dividends accounts 12.35 9.76
 - in Current account$ 2.06 36.28
 - in fixed deposit* 192.28 60.32
 - Margin Money 0.22 -
206.91 106.36
Total 227.41 109.49
 Bank balance includes:
  Held as margin money/security against borrowings/guarantees/other commitments.
 $Amount received towards issue of shares & warrants and not utilised is kept by the Company in a separate bank account
 *Deposit of  I15 million has been given secuity for the overdraft facility availed by subsidiary RV Forms and Gears LLP .
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
(iv) Loans (Unsecured, considered good)
 Security Deposit 0.14 0.12
 Loans to subsidiaries 175.26 332.07
Total 175.40 332.19
(v) Other Financial Assets
 Interest receivable on deposits 2.33 1.65
 Interest receivable on advances to related parties 25.22 66.51
Total 27.55 68.16
10 Other current assets
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
(i) Advances other than capital advances
(a) Advance to supplier 116.21 62.44
 Less: Allowance for doubtful advances (24.58) (24.66)
(b) Advance to Employees 3.87 5.39
(ii) Others
 Prepaid expenses 41.86 19.31
 Others 0.20 1.85
Total 137.56 69.72
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
95


===== PAGE 83 =====
11 Equity Share Capital (refer statement of changes in equity)
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Authorised
1,90,00,000 Equity shares of I10 each 190.00 190.00
Issued and Subscribed:
1,46,14,390 (As at March 31, 2025: 1,19,02,855) equity shares of I10 each 146.15 119.03
Paid up Capital:
1,45,88,598 (As at March 31, 2025: 1,18,77,063) equity shares of I10 each fully paid up 145.89 118.77
Total issued, subscribed and fully paid-up share capital 145.89 118.77
(a) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares
  The company has only one class of equity shares having par value of I 10 per share.Each holder of equity is entitled to one 
vote per share.
(b) Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
Equity shares
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Nos. K In millions Nos. K In millions
At the beginning of the year 1,18,77,063 118.77 1,17,74,208 117.74
Add:-Issued during the year 27,11,535 27.12 1,02,855 1.03
Outstanding at the end of the year 1,45,88,598 145.89 1,18,77,063 118.77
(c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company*
Particulars
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Nos. % holding in 
class Nos. % holding in 
class
S Rabindra 64,60,960 44.29% 48,02,425 40.43%
Mukul Mahavir Agrawal 15,00,000 10.28% 7,62,500 6.42%
R Preeti 9,50,082 6.51% 8,50,082 7.16%
Kannan Sundar 7,30,150 5.00% 10,04,120 8.45%
(d) Shareholding of Promoters:
 The details of the shares held by promoters as at March 31, 2026 are as under:
Promoter Name No of fully paid 
up shares
No of partly paid 
up Shares
% of share 
holding
% of change 
during the year
S Rabindra 64,60,960 - 44.29%
23.88%
R Preeti 9,50,082 - 6.51%
Akhil R 3,00,693 - 2.06%
Nikhil R 3,00,693 - 2.06%
IDS Systems LLP 4,43,165 - 3.04%
 The details of the shares held by promoters as at March 31, 2025 are as under:
Promoter Name No of fully paid 
up shares
No of partly paid 
up Shares
% of share 
holding
% of change 
during the year
S Rabindra 48,02,425 - 40.43% 1.07%
R Preeti 8,50,082 - 7.16%
Akhil R 3,00,693 - 2.53%
Nikhil R 3,00,693 - 2.53%
IDS Systems LLP 5,71,466 - 4.81%
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
96
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 84 =====
(e )  During the year 2021 - 22 the Company had a Rights issue of equity shares to its shareholders at 1:10 ratio on March 28, 2022 
and closed on April 6, 2022 at a premium of I105/- per share on a call basis which is payable on application I35 per share and 
First & Final call of I80 per share. During the financial year 2024-25 the Company has received the first and final call amount 
of I80/- per share which was received on 9,74,208 shares and balance shares of 25,792 has been forfieted by the Company.
(f)  Bonus shares issued in last five year 50,00,000 shares of I 10/- each
(g)  During the financial year 2023- 24 the Company had issued 8,00,000 equity shares of I10/- each at a premium of I460.50 and 
28,14,390 share warrants at the price of I 470.50 per warrant which has been convertible into 1 equity share of I 10/- each. 
During the year the Company has issued equity shares for all the warrants issued. The Company has allotted all the shares 
during the year.
(h) Proceeds and utilisation from issue of shares & warrants on preferential basis:   
(I In millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Proceeds received from issue 1,701.29 744.93
Less: Amount utilised for organic and inorganic growth 865.19 455.90
Less: utilised for general corporate purposes 252.75 252.75
Amount held in separate bank account 583.35 36.28
12 Other Equity
(I In millions)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
i) Security Premium reserve
 Opening Balance 417.86 395.77
Add:- Addition during year 1,249.20 47.39
Less:-Utilised during the year for rights issue expenses - 25.30
Closing at the end of the year 1,667.06 417.86
ii) General Reserve
 Opening balance 93.00 93.00
Add:- Addition during year - -
Less;- Utilised during year for issue of bonus shares - -
Closing at end of year 93.00 93.00
iii) Other Comprehensive Income
 Opening balance 15.81 23.45
Add:- Addition during year 18.83 (7.64)
Closing at end of year 34.64 15.81
iv) Money received against Share Warrants
 Opening balance 319.96 332.10
Add:- Addition during year - 36.27
Less: Shares alloted during the year 319.96 48.41
Closing at end of year - 319.96
v) Retained Earning
 Opening balance 891.99 654.12
Add:- Addition during year 639.91 262.94
Add:- Amalgamation Reserve Adjustment 1.53 (1.53)
1,533.43 915.53
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
97


===== PAGE 85 =====
(I In millions)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Less:- Appropriations
 Interim dividend on equity shares 93.18 11.77
 Final dividend on equity shares 13.03 11.77
106.21 23.54
Total 1,427.22 891.99
Closing at end of year 3,221.92 1,738.62
13 Financial liabilities:-
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i) Bororrowings:-
 Secured
 From Banks 84.13 86.17
 From Financial Institutions 663.15 151.53
 Un Secured:
 From banks - 3.22
 From others - 1.55
 Less: Current Maturities -
 From Banks & Others (65.98) (79.30)
 Total 681.30 163.17
Additional Information:-
1) Details of Security for secured loan:-
 From Bank:-
  Term Loan from ICICI Bank is secured against charge created on the Land and Building 
situated at No 80/2, Lusanne Court, Wellington street, Bangalore,560025 and the facility is 
guaranteed by Mr. Rabindra Srikantan (Managing Director) of the Company.
80.69 86.17
  Term Loans carries an interest rate of Repo rate + 2.85% and principal is repayable in 36 equal 
installments
  The Company has used the loan for the purpose for which it was borrowed.
  From Financial Institutions:-
  Term Loan from SIDBI secured against hypothecation of movable PPPE and fixed deposit 
amounting to I23.50 million with the said bank. It is guranteed by the Mr. Rabindra Srikantan 
and carries an interest of 9.10% currently which is linked to one year MCLR of SIDBI
438.18 151.53
  The Company has availed a term loan of I22.50 crore from Export-Import Bank of India for 
financing procurement of machinery, carrying interest at MCLR + 1.25% p.a., secured by 
charge on specified assets and personal guarantee of the Managing Director. 
The loan is repayable over a tenure of 7 years (including a 1-year moratorium) in 24 equal 
quarterly instalments, subject to compliance with stipulated covenants and terms.
224.97 -
 The Company has used the loan for the purpose for which it was borrowed.
 Unsecured Loans:
  From Kotak Mahindra Bank is repayable in 24 equated monthly instalments of I0.48 million 
per month and it carries an interest of 14.60% per annum
- 3.22
  From Tata Capital is repayable in 18 months of I0.56 million and carries an interest of 14.50% 
per annum
- 1.55
 Unseucured Debentures:
  Debentures are Secured against the Equity Shares of the Company held by Mr. Rabindra 
Srikantan equal to two times of the value of debentures issued.
- -
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
98
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 86 =====
14 Lease Liabilities
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Lease liability 75.74 37.74
Total 75.74 37.74
15 Provisions:
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Provision for Gratuity - 2.52
Provision for Leave Encashment 16.31 -
Total 16.31 2.52
Current liabilities and provisions:-
16 Financial liabilities:-
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i) Borrowings
 Secured loans:
 Loans repayable on demand
 - From banks 326.94 418.29
Current maturities of long term borrowings
 - Fom Banks 59.72 79.30
 - Fom Financial Institutions 6.26 -
Unsecured loans from others - 30.01
Total 392.92 527.60
a. Details of security for secured loans from banks:
i) Hypothecation charge on Receivables and other current assets of the company, 
further lien on SBI mutual Fund scheme “SBI Corporate bond fund -regular plan 
growth “ and SBI mutual fund scheme “SBI short term debt fund regular plan 
growth and secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director.
326.94 418.29
ii) Lien on fixed deposits of the Company and charge on SBI mutual Fund scheme 
“SBI Corporate bond fund -regular plan growth “ and on SBI mutual fund 
scheme “SBI short term debt fund regular plan growth and secured by personal 
guarantee of Managing Director.
- -
b. Unsecured loan from others is repayable with in 360 days and carries an interest 
14.25% PA and guaranteed of the Managing Director.
- -
c. Interest rate:-
i) Secured loans from banks:
Cash credit facility from State Bank of India repayable on demand and carries an 
interest rate of MCLR + 2%
d. Working capital facilities has been used for the operations for the Company
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
99


===== PAGE 87 =====
e. Differences in stock statement furnished to bank and books of accounts :
Name of 
the Bank Month Particulars of 
Securities Offered
Amount as 
per Books
Amount 
Reported as 
per Monthly 
Statements
Difference Reason for Material Discrepancies
State Bank 
of India
Jun-25 Current Assets - 
Book Debts
1687.82 1261.04 426.78 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank 
of India
Sep-25 Current Assets - 
Book Debts
903.17 1062.37 -159.20 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank 
of India
Dec-25 Current Assets - 
Book Debts
634.45 912.12 -277.67 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank 
of India
Mar-26 Current Assets - 
Book Debts
991.79 1082.60 -90.81 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
Name of 
the Bank Month Particulars of 
Securities Offered
Amount as 
per Books
Amount 
Reported as 
per Monthly 
Statements
Difference Reason for Material Discrepancies
State Bank 
of India
Jun-24 Current Assets – 
Book Debts
247.19 362.20 -115.01 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank 
of India
Sep-24 Current Assets – 
Book Debts
284.15 330.90 -46.75 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank 
of India
Dec-24 Current Assets – 
Book Debts
372.11 361.78 10.33 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank 
of India
Mar-25 Current Assets – 
Book Debts
599.16 560.38 38.78 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
(ii) Trade Payables ( Refer note 31):-
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Trade payables
- Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises (refer note-31) 5.11 2.13
- Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises 328.70 194.16
- -
Total 333.81 196.29
 Trade Payables Ageing Schedule :
(I In millions)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
MSME Others MSME Others
(a)  O/s for the following periods from due 
date of payment
 Less than 1 year 5.11 299.59 2.13 172.47
 1 - 2 Years - 0.80 - (0.10)
 2 - 3 Years - - -
 More than 3 Years - - - (0.07)
Total (a) 5.11 300.39 2.13 172.30
(b) Payables to related parties
 Less than 1 year - 5.17
 1 - 2 Years 26.31 - 0.58
 2 - 3 Years 2.01 - 0.93
 More than 3 Years - 15.18
Total (b) - 28.31 - 21.86
Total (a+b) 5.11 328.70 2.13 194.16
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
100
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 88 =====
(iii) Other Financial Liability
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Interest Accrued but not due 3.42 0.76
Unclaimed dividend 12.19 8.46
Total 15.61 9.22
(iv) Other Current liabilities
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Statutory dues 53.62 22.20
Employee Benefit Expenses Payable 19.00 5.10
Capital Creditors 56.00 -
Accrued expense and other liabilities 55.23 24.50
Total 183.85 51.80
17 Current Provisions:
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Provision for Gratuity 22.80 51.13
Provision for leave encashment 5.10 15.44
Provision for Warranty 38.31 -
Provision for tax (Net of Advance payment of tax) 70.56 0.88
Total 136.77 67.45
18 Revenue from operations
(I In millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Sale of services 1,987.71 1,856.17
b) Sale of goods 2,810.15 541.56
Total 4,797.86 2,397.73
18.1 Disaggregated Revenue Information:
 Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company’s revenue from contracts with customers by timing of transfer of services:
(I In millions)
Revenue from contracts with customers Current Year Previous Year
Geographical location
- In India 4,093.37 1,821.35
- Outside India 704.49 576.38
4,797.86 2,397.73
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
101


===== PAGE 89 =====
18.2 Contract balances:
(I In millions)
Contract assets: Current Year Previous Year
Trade Receivables 1,203.83 1,060.45
Unbilled Revenue  282.65  371.38 
 1,486.48  1,431.83 
Contract liabilities
Warranty income deferred 38.31 Nil
Trade receivables are generally on credit terms as agreed with respective customers.
Unbilled revenue is recognised on completion of performance obligation pending 
generation of Invoices.
There on pending performance obligation post completion of the sale.
19 Other income
(I In millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Interest Income
 - on bank deposits 50.82 77.88
 - on others 2.60 -
 - on financial assets carried at amortized cost 2.36 0.98
b) Share of profit from LLP/LLC - 16.53
c) Dividend income 3.17 0.08
d) Gain or loss on mutual fund/unquoted securities including Fair value gain 23.99 9.33
e) Exchange fluctuation gain 22.21 10.72
f ) Excess Provision Written back - 29.61
g) Miscellenous income 2.68 3.27
Total 107.83 148.40
20 Cost of Goods Consumed
(I In millions)
Particulars Current year Previous year
Domestic Purchases 1,600.80 119.81
Import Purchases - 178.17
Total 1,600.80 297.98
21 Changes in inventories
(I In millions)
Particulars Current year Previous year
Stock at the end of the year 636.42 88.89
Stock at the beginning of the year 88.89 10.29
Total (547.53) (78.60)
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
102
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 90 =====
22 Employee Benefit Expenses
(I In millions)
Particulars Current year Previous year
a) Salaries and wages 1,855.08 1,300.77
b) Contribution to:
 Provident fund 81.97 64.74
c) Gratuity (refer note 27) 23.32 14.98
d) Leave encashment 5.97 4.94
d) Staff welfare expenses 26.89 13.90
Total 1,993.23 1,399.33
23 Finance Cost
(I In millions)
Particulars Current year Previous year
a) Interest on bank borrowing 56.20 85.52
b) Other borrowing cost 3.38 4.15
c) Interest expense under IND AS 13.72 6.28
d) Bank Charges 2.68 4.12
Total 75.98 100.07
24 Depreciation and amortization expense
 (I In millions)
Particulars Current year Previous year
Depreciation on property, plant & equipment  59.92  27.53
Amortisation of ROU  38.47  29.71
Amortisation of Intangible assets  7.20  4.85
Total  105.59  62.09
25 Other Expenses
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Travelling and conveyance expenses 76.93 65.13
b) Services rendered by business associates and others 327.15 45.09
c) Software, hardware and material costs 15.62 13.81
d) Communication expenses 9.84 27.49
e) Payment to Auditor (refer note below) 3.28 3.16
f ) Legal and Professional fees 105.85 113.42
g) Sitting fees paid to directors 1.71 0.50
h) Directors Commission 7.17 0.99
i) Rent 18.75 36.52
j) Repair and Maintenance
 - Machinery 6.04 8.17
 - Building 12.14 -
k) Power and Fuel 20.43 13.27
l) Advertisement and Business Promotions 18.99 5.89
m) Insurance charges 25.64 12.00
n) Membership & subscription 25.09 14.65
o) Office Maintenance 25.84 21.52
p) Printing & stationary 2.23 1.41
q) Rates & Taxes 22.85 4.74
r) Share of loss in LLP 42.68 -
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
103


===== PAGE 91 =====
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
s) Miscellenous Expenses 3.13 3.08
t) CSR Expenses 8.36 4.34
u)  Written off 0.94 2.96
x) Provision for doubtful debts 0.01 -
v) Equipment hire charges 2.64 0.79
w) Security Charges 8.45 3.39
x) Recruitment Expenses 3.39 -
y) Loss on sale of asset - 0.72
Total 795.15 403.05
 Payments to Auditors
Particulars  Current Year  Previous Year
Audit fee 2.52 2.51
Tax audit fee other than statutory auditor 0.60 0.60
Other Charges 0.16 0.05
26 Earning per Share
(I In millions)
Particulars  Current Year  Previous Year
Profit for the year (I In millions)  639.91  262.94
Face value per equity share (in I)  10.00  10.00
Weighted average number of Equity shares for Basic EPS  1,19,00,195  1,17,75,053
Weighted average number of shares of share warrants  -  27,11,535
Weighted average number of Equity shares  1,19,00,195  1,44,86,588
Earning per share basic (in I)  53.77  22.33
Earning per share diluted (in I)  53.77  18.15
27 Gratuity and other post-employment benefits
  The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan. The gratuity plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Every 
employee who has completed five years or more of service is entitled to gratuity of 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for 
each completed year of service. The scheme is funded with LIC.
  The following tables summarize the components of net benefit expense recognized in the statement of profit and loss and 
amounts recognized in the balance sheet for the gratuity plan:
 Statement of Profit and Loss
 Net employee benefit expenses recognised in the employee cost:
(I In million)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Current service cost 17.02 12.40
Past service cost 16.12 -
Interest cost 3.61 2.58
Net benefit expense 36.75 14.98
 Expenses recognised in the Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) for the period:
(I  in million)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Actuarial (Gains)/Losses on Obligation For the Period 3.01 3.53
Return on Plan Assets, Excluding Interest Income (0.41) 0.51
Net benefit expense 2.60 4.04
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
104
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 92 =====
 Balance sheet
 Benefit asset/liability:
(I In millions)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Present value of defined benefit obligation 105.54 (68.64)
Fair value of plan assets (82.75) 14.99
Plan asset/(liability) 22.79 (53.65)
  Changes in the fair value of defined benefit obligation are as follows:
(I In millions)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Opening defined benefit obligation 68.63 55.68
Current service cost 17.02 12.40
Interest cost 4.91 3.91
Past service cost 16.12 -
Liability transferred in /Acquisitions - -
Benefits paid directly by employer - (1.02)
Benefits paid directly from fund (4.14) (5.86)
Remeasurements - -
Actuarial loss/(gain) from changes in financial assumptions (0.74) 1.39
Actuarial loss/(gain) from experience over the past period 3.74 2.13
Closing defined benefit obligation 105.54 68.63
  Changes in the fair value of assets are as follows:
(I In millions)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Fair value as at the beginning of the year 14.99 19.63
Interest Income 1.30 1.33
Expected return on plan assets 0.40 (0.51)
Actuarial gains - -
Contributions by employer 70.20 0.40
Benefits paid from fund (4.14) (5.86)
Closing fair value of asset 82.75 14.99
 The amounts recognized in the Balance Sheet are as follows:
(I In millions)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Present value of the obligation as at the end of the year 105.54 68.63
Fair value of plan assets as at the end of the year 82.75 14.99
Net liability/ (asset) recognized in the Balance Sheet 22.79 53.62
  The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity obligations for the Company’s plan are shown 
below:
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Expected Return on Plan Assets 6.59% 7.16%
Rate of Discounting 6.59% 7.16%
Rate of Salary Increase 8.50% 8.50%
Rate of Employee Turnover 25.00% 25.00%
Mortality Rate During Employment  Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
 Indian Assured  
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
105


===== PAGE 93 =====
  The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion 
and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
 Sensitivity Analysis of significant actuarial assumptions
Particulars
Change  
in DBO by
Change  
in DBO by
As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Discounting (3.52) (2.31)
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Discounting 3.80 2.50
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase 3.31 2.26
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase (3.18) (2.17)
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover (1.10) (0.75)
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover 1.14 0.78
 Maturity profile
(I In millions)
Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of Reporting As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
1st following year 17.48 11.42
2nd following year 17.81 11.09
3rd following year 16.98 10.93
4th following year 15.20 10.34
5th following year 13.93 8.93
Sum of years 6 to 10 38.47 25.00
Sum of Years 11 and above 17.73 11.82
(I In millions)
Other Information As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Weighted average duration of the projected benefit obligation 5.00 5.00
Average expected future service 3.00 3.00
 Defined contribution plan
  The Company also has defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund in India for employees at the 
rate of 12% of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by 
the government. The obligation of the Company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor 
any constructive obligation. The expense recognised during the period towards defined contribution plan is I 81.97 million 
(Previous Year: I64.74 million)
 Provision for leave encashment:
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
At the beginning of the year 15.44 -
Taken over on account of merger - 12.39
Provision made during the year (net) 5.97 3.05
As the end of the year 21.41 15.44
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
106
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 94 =====
28 Disclosure on leases:
(i)  The following is the movement of lease liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year 72.01 103.49
On account of new leases 93.30 -
Finance cost accrued during the year 11.28 9.68
Payment of lease liabilities 52.25 41.16
Lease modifications - -
Balance at the end of the year 124.34 72.01
  The Company does not face a liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the 
obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
(ii)  Details regarding the contractural maturities of lease liabilities as at March 31, 2026 on undiscounted 
basis:
(I In millions)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Less than one year 60.54 40.43
One to five years 90.48 40.43
More than five years - -
Total 151.02 80.86
29 Corporate Social Responsibility:
  As per Section 135 of the Act, a company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of its average 
net profit for the immediately preceding three financial years on corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities. The areas 
for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and malnutrition, promoting education, art and culture, promote rural and 
nationally recognised sports, healthcare, destitute care and rehabilitation, environment sustainability, disaster relief and 
rural development projects. A CSR committee has been formed by the Company as per the Act. The funds were primarily 
allocated to a corpus and utilized through the year on these activities which are specified in Schedule VII of the Act.
(I In millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
(a) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year 3.92 2.51
(b) Excess/ (short) spent in previous year 1.82 1.30
(c) Amount required to be spent during the year 2.10 1.21
(d) Amount spent during the year towards training to promote rural sports 8.36 3.03
(e) (Excess)/lower amount spent (c) - (d) (6.26) (1.82)
30 Related Party disclosures
i) Names of related parties and related party relationship
Name of Related Party Nature of Relationship
Rabindra Srikantan Managing Director
Vikram Ravindra Mamidipudi Director
Shekar Viswanathan
Hardik Pradeep Agrawal
Rabindra Preethi
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
107


===== PAGE 95 =====
Muthuswami Lakshminarayan Independent DirectorRamesh Radhakrishnan
Narsingh Lashker Rathod Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Anandmurthy Kulkarni Company Secretary
Nikhil Rabindra Relative of DirectorAkhil Rabindra
Nirmala N Rathod Relative of KMP
ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd, Singapore (Formerly Advanced Synergic Pte Ltd)
Wholly Owned Subsidiary
ASM Digital Technologies Inc, USA (Formerly Pinnacle Talent Inc)
ASM Technologies KK, Japan
ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK
ASM Digital Technologies Co Ltd, Thailand
ASM Technologies Vietnam Co Ltd, Vietnam
ASM Digital Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK Step-down Subsidiary
RV Forms & Gears LLP , India Subsidiary
ASM HHV Engineering Pvt Ltd, India Jointly Controlled Entity
IDS Systems LLP Entity in which director is 
interestedPreindra Global Private Limited
ii) Related party transactions
  The following table provides the total amount of transactions that have been entered into with related parties for the 
relevant financial year:
(I  in millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Sale of services
- RV Forms & Services LLP 0.99 114.59
- ASM Digital Technologies Inc (Formerly known as Pinnacle Talent India) 82.79 57.33
- ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd (Formerly known as Advanced Synergic Pte Ltd) 22.60 34.95
-  ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK (formerly known as Semcon Engineering  
UK Limited, UK)
- 6.46
Purchase of services -
-  ASM Digital Technologies Inc (Formerly known as Pinnacle Talent India) (services 
provided to ASM branch at USA)
28.64 26.00
-  R V Forms and Gears LLP 29.35 4.81
-  ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd (Formerly known as Advanced Synergic Pte Ltd) 7.24 -
-  ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK (formerly known as Semcon Engineering  
UK Limited, UK)
2.73 -
Salary Advance given and recovered during the year:
- Rabindra Srikantan - 109.10
- Narsingh Lashker Rathod 0.44
Issue of share Capital:
- Rabindra Srikantan 780.67 -
- Preeti R 47.07 -
- Hardik Agarwal 5.88 -
Amount received towards share warrant -
- Rabindra Srikantan 585.06 36.27
- Preeti R 35.27 -
- Hardik Agarwal 4.41 -
Other services received/rendered
- interest received during the year from R V Forms and Gears LLP 31.25 36.97
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
108
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 96 =====
(I  in millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Investments made the year-
- ASM Technologies KK, Japan 19.83 -
- RV Forms & Services LLP 200.01 -
- ASM Technologies Viet Nam 18.64 -
- ASM HHV Engineering Pvt Ltd 10.00 4.00
  The following table provides the closing balances of related parties as at the relevant financial  
year-end:
(I  in millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Amount receivable/(payable) by the Company as at the financial year-end
ASM Digital Technologies Inc, USA (formerly known as Pinnacle Talent India) (net) 246.34 213.27
ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd(Formerly known as Advanced Synergic Pte Ltd), 
Singapore (net )
19.15 3.78
RV Forms & Gears LLP (Professional charges receivable) - 258.13
RV Forms & Gears LLP (Interest receivable) 9.24 64.30
RV Forms & Gears LLP (Loan outstanding at the end of the year) 304.92 332.07
ASM Japan (Professional charges receivable) 5.52 7.37
ASM Japan (Professional charges receivable to ASM USA) 1.54 0.83
ASM Japan (interest receivable) 2.21 2.21
ASM Japan (Share application money pending allotment) - 12.32
ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK (formerly known as Semcon Engineering UK Limited, UK) 2.22 4.54
Investments outstanding the year-
- RV Forms & Gears LLP
- Capital Account 323.10 143.00
- Current Account (239.85) (128.46)
- ASM Technologies KK, Japan 12.96 0.64
- ASM HHV Engineering Pvt Ltd 20.50 10.50
- ASM Digital Technologies Inc (Pinnacle Talent Inc) 9.94 9.94
- ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd 34.52 34.52
-  ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK (formerly known as Semcon Engineering  
UK Limited, UK)
44.07 44.07
Guarantees outstanding at the end of the year: - -
- RV Forms & Gears LLP - 99.00
(I In millions)
Key Managerial Personnel: Relationship Nature of transaction Current Year Previous Year
Vikram Ravindra 
Mamidipudi
Director Sitting fees, comission & 
reimbursement of expenses
2.74 2.84
Rabindra Srikantan Managing Director Remuneration 28.33 35.42
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Director Sitting fees & Comission 1.45 0.31
Shekar Viswanathan Director Sitting fees & Comission 1.29 0.26
Muthuswami 
Lakshminarayan
Director Sitting fees, comission & 
reimbursement of expenses
2.26 0.29
Rabindra Preethi Director Sitting fees & Comission 1.53 0.41
Nikhil Rabindra Relative of Director Remuneration 11.68 10.98
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
109


===== PAGE 97 =====
(I In millions)
Key Managerial Personnel: Relationship Nature of transaction Current Year Previous Year
Akhil Rabindra Relative of Director Remuneration 29.69 8.35
Narsingh Lashker Rathod Chief Financial Officer Remuneration 2.20 2.89
Vanishree Anandmurthy 
Kulkarni
Company Secretary Remuneration 3.20 2.20
Hardik Pradeep Agrawal Director Sitting fees & Comission 1.49 -
Amount due to Company:
N Rathod KMP Salary Advance - 0.37
N Rathod KMP Remuneration - 0.02
 Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
  The sales of services to and purchases from related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s 
length transactions.
31 Capital and other commitments
  Company has committed to contribute I 80 million to a venture capital fund out of which I 72.50 million has been paid 
so far. Amount of such capital commitment outstanding as at March 31, 2026 is I 7.50 million (As at March 31, 2025:  
I17.50 million)
32 Contingent Liabilities (to an extent not provided for):
 
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Service tax claim(company filed appeal against the order) Nil 41.85
Showcause notice received from service tax authorities 182.28 182.28
Income tax deducted at source demand under the traces software for short and non 
remittances of tax deduction at source – matter under examination.
0.47 -
Corporate Guarantee given in favour of R V Forms & Gears LLP for availing credit 
facilities.
51.67 47.81
(ii)  During the financial year 2025–26, the Company filed its return of income after incorporating the merger of its wholly 
owned subsidiary, ASM Digital Engineering Private Limited (“ADE”). Subsequently, the Company received an Intimation 
order from the Centralized Processing Centre (CPC) amounting to I 39.02 million, primarily on account of mismatch of TDS 
credit of I37.38 million pertaining to ADE. The Company has filed an application to the Deputy Commissioner of Income Tax 
requesting rectification of the demand by allowing the TDS credit relating to ADE and thereby nullifying the demand raised. 
Based on the merits of the case, management is confident of receiving a favourable order and does not anticipate any 
material liability arising from the said demand.
(iii)  During the year, the Company has received transfer pricing assessment order for the Assessment Year 2023-24 for making 
transfer pricing adjustment of I 13.88 million. The Company is in process of filing appeal in this respect.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
110
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 98 =====
33 MSME Disclosure
a) Disclosure required under clause 22 of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier 
as at the end of each accounting year
5.11 2.13
- Principal amount due to micro and small enterprises 5.11 2.13
- Interest due on above Nil Nil
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 
2006 along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the 
appointed day during each accounting year.
Nil Nil
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment 
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without 
adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006.
Nil Nil
Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment during the year. Nil Nil
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting 
year.
Nil Nil
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small 
enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section 
23 of the MSMED Act, 2006.
Nil Nil
34 Segment reporting
  The Company believes that assets and liabilities used in the business are not identified to any of the reportable segments, 
as these are used interchangeably between segments. Accordingly the same has not been provided.
(I In millions)
Particulars
For the year ended March 31, 2026 For the year ended March 31, 2025
Exports Domestic Exports Domestic
Segment Revenue:
Services 799.23 1,531.10 474.86 1,381.31
Manufacturing 133.79 2,333.74 101.52 440.04
Segment Expenses:
Services 513.33 1,054.45 273.13 953.10
Manufacturing 66.89 1,913.67 63.91 382.83
Segment Results:
Services 285.90 476.65 201.73 428.21
Manufacturing 67 420.07 37.61 57.21
 Significant Clients
 The Company’s 64.82 % of revenue is derived from five customers (Previous year: 39.4% of revenue from five customers).
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
111


===== PAGE 99 =====
35 Income taxes
 The major components of income tax expense for the years ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 are:
 Statement of profit and loss:
 Profit or loss section
(I In million)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Current income tax:
Current income tax in Inida 207.65 80.91
Current income tax outside Inida - 0.10
Deferred tax:
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences 18.79 11.91
Prior year tax - 2.56
Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit or loss 226.44 95.48
OCI section Current Year Previous Year
Deferred tax related to items recognised in OCI during the year: (2.83) 1.79
Income tax charged to OCI (2.83) 1.79
  Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by India’s domestic tax rate for 
March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Accounting profit before income tax 866.35 358.42
Enacted income tax rate in India 25.17% 25.17%
Tax at the applicable tax rate of 25.17% (March 31, 2025: 25.17%) 218.04 90.21
Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes:
Inadmissable expenses 12.85 (3.07)
Temporary differences not considered for current tax calculation (net of amounts 
recognised in other comprehensive income)
(8.33) (0.88)
Difference in profit on account of Ind AS adjustments (14.91) (5.90)
Provision for tax relating to prior years - 2.56
Tax payable by representative office 0.10
Additional Provision - 0.55
At the effective income tax rate of 25.17% (March 31, 2025: 25.17%) - Income tax 
expense recorded in the books
207.65 83.57
  Reconciliation of deferred tax expense /(income) recognised in Statement of profit and loss and Other 
comprehensive income:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets 5.53 (8.98)
Fair valuation adjustments of financial instruments - -
Provision for impariment of financial assets 3.53 4.29
Provision for employee benefits allowable under Income Tax on payment basis 6.25 (5.81)
Ind AS adjustments 0.63 12.50
Ind AS adjustment on Mark to Market of Investment 5.68 6.24
Total 21.62 8.24
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
112
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 100 =====
  The tax rates under Indian Income Tax Act, for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026 is 25.17% and 
25.17% respectively
 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) as at March 31, 2026 is in relation to:
Particulars As at  
April 1, 2025
Recognised in 
profit and loss
Recognised 
in other 
comprehensive 
income
Recognised 
directly in 
equity
As at  
March 31, 2026
Property, Plant and Equipment 
and Intangible assets
(4.87) (5.53) - - (10.40)
Provision for impariment of 
financial assets
12.13 (3.53) - - 8.60
Provision for employee benefits 
allowable under Income Tax on 
payment basis
17.38 (6.90) 0.65 - 11.13
Ind AS adjustment for leases 4.68 (0.63) - - 4.05
Ind AS adjustment on Mark to 
Market of Investment
(10.38) (2.20) (3.48) - (16.06)
Total 18.95 (18.79) (2.83) - (2.67)
 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) as at March 31, 2025 is in relation to:
Particulars As at  
April 1, 2024
Recognised in 
profit and loss
Recognised 
in other 
comprehensive 
income
Recognised 
directly in 
equity
As at  
March 31, 2025
Property, Plant and Equipment 
and Intangible assets
(13.85) 8.98 - - (4.87)
Provision for impariment of 
financial assets
16.42 (4.29) - - 12.13
Provision for employee benefits 
allowable under Income Tax on 
payment basis
11.57 4.79 1.02 - 17.38
Unabsorbed depreciation 1.88 (1.88)
Ind AS adjustment for leases 17.19 (12.50) - - 4.68
Ind AS adjustment on Mark to 
Market of Investment
(4.14) (7.01) 0.77 - (10.38)
Total 29.07 (11.91) 1.79 - 18.95
  Pursuant to Taxation Loss (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019 dated September 20, 2019, the Company intends to exercise the 
option permitted under Section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 to compute income tax at the rate of 22% plus applicable 
surcharge and cess.
  The Company is in the process of making up to date documentation in pursuance of the Transfer Pricing study relating to 
international transaction with Associated Enterprises for the year as required under the Income-tax Act, 1961. According 
to the Company and based on the advice of its counsel the Company believes that the profit margins are comparable to 
available market data and consequently no adjustments are required to these financial statements in respect of the same 
notwithstanding the draft assessment order referred above.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
113


===== PAGE 101 =====
36 Financial ratios
a. Ratio Current Ratio
 Numerator  Current Assets
 Denominator  Current Liabilities
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Current Assets (A) 3,370.39 2,218.72
Current Liabilities (B) 1,111.55 886.63
Current Ratio (C) =(A) / (B) 3.03 2.50
%Change from previous year 21.17%
b.  Ratio Debt Equity Ratio
 Numerator  Total Debt [represents current and non-current borrowings]
 Denominator  Shareholders’ equity [represents total equity]
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Total debt (A) 1,198.56 762.78
Shareholder’s equity (B) 3,367.81 1,857.39
Debt equity ratio (C ) = (A) / (B) 0.36 0.41
%Change from previous year -13.34%
c.  Ratio Debt service coverage ratio
 Numerator  Earnings available for debt service
 Denominator  Debt service
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax for the year (A) 639.91 262.94
Add: Non cash operating expenses and finance cost
 Depreciation and Amortisation expense (B) 105.59 62.09
 Finance costs (C) 75.98 100.07
Earnings available for debt services (D) = (A)+(B)+(C ) 821.48 425.10
Finance costs (E) 75.98 100.07
Repayment of non-current borrowings (F) 76.56 29.90
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities (G) 52.25 41.16
Debt service (H) = (E ) + (F) + (G) 204.79 171.13
Debt service coverage ratio (I) = (D ) /(H) 4.01 2.48
%Change from previous year 61.48%
 *Due to increase in profits during year, repayment of borrowings the debt service coverage ratio is increased. 
d. Ratio Return on equity [%]
 Numerator  Restated loss after tax
 Denominator  Average Shareholder’s Equity
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax for the year (A) 639.91 262.94
Closing shareholder’s equity (B) 3,367.81 1,857.39
Average shareholder’s equity [(opening + closing) /2] (C) 2,612.60 1,127.61
Return on equity [%] (D) = (A)/(C ) *100 24.49% 23.32%
%Change from previous year 5.04%
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
114
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 102 =====
e. Ratio Trade receivables turnover ratio
 Numerator  Revenue from operations
 Denominator  Average trade receivables
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Revenue from operations (A) 4,797.86 2,397.73
Closing Trade Receivables 1,486.48 1,431.83
Average Trade Receivables [(opening + closing) /2] (B) 1,459.16 939.58
Trade receivables turnover ratio (C ) = (A) / (B) 3.29 2.55
%Change from previous year 28.85%
 Ratio has increased mainly on account of increase in operations and increase in average trade receivables.
f.  Ratio Trade payables turnover ratio
 Numerator  Total purchases
 Denominator  Average trade payables
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Total purchases * (A) 1600.8 297.98
Closing Trade Payables 333.81 196.29
Average Trade Payables [(opening + closing) /2] (B) 265.05 98.15
Trade payables turnover ratio (C) = (A) / (B) 6.04 3.04
%Change from previous year 98.93%
  Increase in the operations leading to increase in trade payables
g.  Ratio Net capital turnover ratio
 Numerator  Revenue from operations
 Denominator  Working capital
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Revenue from operations (A) 4,797.86 2,397.73
Working Capital (Current Assets - Current Liabilities) (B) 2,258.84 1,332.09
Net capital turnover ratio (C ) = (A)/ (B) 2.12 1.80
%Change from previous year 18.00%
h.  Ratio Net profit ratio [%]
 Numerator  Profit after tax
 Denominator  Revenue from operations
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax for the year (A) 639.91 262.94
Revenue from operations (B) 4,797.86 2,397.73
Net profit [%] (C ) = (A) / (B) *100 13.34% 10.97%
%Change from previous year 21.62%
 Due to increase in profit and revenue from operations as compared ot previous year
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
115


===== PAGE 103 =====
i.  Ratio Return on capital employed [%]
 Numerator  Earning before interest and taxes
 Denominator  Capital Employed (Total equity, Total borrowings and Total lease liabilities)
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax for the year (A) 639.91 262.94
Adjustments
 Add: Total tax expense (B) 226.44 95.48
 Add: Finance costs (C) 75.98 100.07
Earnings before interest and tax (D) = (A) + (B) + (C) 942.33 458.49
Total equity (E) 3,367.81 1,857.39
Current and Non-current borrowing (F) 1,074.22 690.77
Current and Non-current lease liability (G) 124.34 72.01
Capital Employed (H) = (E) + (F) + (G) 4,566.37 2,620.17
Return on capital employed [%] (I) = (D) / (H) *100 20.64% 17.50%
%Change from previous year 17.93%
j.  Ratio Return on investment [%]
 Numerator  Interest income on fixed deposits + Profit on sale of investments + Income of investments -  
  Impairment on value of invesment
 Denominator  Current investment + Non current investments + Fixed deposits with bank
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest income on fixed deposits (A) 53.42 77.88
Income of investments (B) (42.68) 16.53
Profit on sale of investments (C) 23.99 9.33
increase/ (decrease) in value of invesment (D) 48.25 3.94
Net return on investments (E ) = (A)+(B)+(C)+(D) 82.98 107.68
Current investment (F) 679.57 123.83
Non current investments (G) 498.57 268.54
Fixed deposits with bank (H) 192.28 60.32
Capital Employed (I) = (F) + (G) + (H) 1,370.42 452.69
Return on investment [%] (J ) = (E) / (I) *100 6.06% 23.79%
%Change from previous year -74.54%
 * Subsidaries loss has increased substantially during the year.
k.  Ratio Inventory turnover ratio
 Numerator  Cost of goods sold
 Denominator  Average inventory
(I In millions)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Cost of goods sold (A) 1053.27 219.38
Closing Inventory (B) 636.42 88.89
Average inventory [(opening + closing) /2] (C ) 362.66 44.45
Inventory turnover ratio (D) = (A)/(C ) 2.90 4.94
%Change from previous year -41.16%
Due to increase in the operations of the company inventories have increased
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
116
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 104 =====
37 Business combination of wholly owned subsidiary:
  Pursuant to scheme of Arrangement filed between the Company ("Transfee Company") and its wholly owned Subsidiary 
Company, ASM Digital Engineering Private Limited ("Transferor Company") in terms of provisions of Section 230 to 233 of 
the Act, to merge the business of its wholly owned subsidiary with the Company (hereinafter referred to as "the Scheme") 
with appointed date being April 1, 2023 and has been approved by National Company Law Tribunal ("NCLT") in November 
2024. The Scheme has been filed with the Registrar of Companies, Karnataka on December 14, 2024.
 In accordance with the provisions of the aforesaid scheme: -
 a.  The Scheme being a common control business combination, has been accounted for using the pooling of interests 
method from the appointed date specified under the Scheme. As per Ind AS 103 - Business Combinations, common 
control business combination should be accounted as per the pooling of interests method and the financial information 
in the financial statements in respect of prior periods should be restated as if the business combination had occured 
from the beginning of the preceeding period in the financial statements, irrespective of the actual date of the 
combination. Therefore, the aforesaid accounting from the appointed date.
 b. The assets and liabilities of the Transferor Company have been recognized at their existing carrying amounts.
 c. No adjustments were made to reflect fair values or to recognize new assets and liabilities.
 d.  The identity of the reserves of the Transferor Company is preserved and appeared in the financial statements of the 
Transferee Company in the same form and manner as they appeared previously.
 e.  The difference between the value of investments in the Transferor Company and the net assets taken over has been 
adjusted in the reserves of the Transferee Company.
 f.   The Company is in the process of obtaining Form 42 form the Honarable High Court of Karnatka and pending payment 
of requisite stamp duty
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies
  The Company’s principal financial liabilities comprise of trade and other payables. The main purpose of these financial 
liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations to support its operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include 
trade and other receivables, rental and bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents, that derive directly from its operations. 
The Company is exposed to credit and liquidity risk. The Company’s senior management oversees the management of these 
risks and the Board of Director’s reviews these activities. “
i. Market Risk
  Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument would fluctuate due to changes in 
market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk, such as equity 
price risk and commodity risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include trade payables. The Company is not 
exposed to price risk on the financial date.
 The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the positions as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
  The analysis exclude the impact of movements in market variables on: the carrying values of gratuity and other post-
retirement obligations and provisions.
  The following assumption has been made in calculating sensitivity analyses:
  The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This is based 
on the financial assets and financial liabilities held at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025.
 Foreign currency risk
  Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The operations of the Company are both in India and overseas. Company has been providing 
services to overseas customers. Hence, the Company is currently exposed to the currency risk arising from fluctuation of 
these foreign currencies and Indian rupee exchange rates.
 The following table presents foreign currency risk for the below financial liabilities:
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
117


===== PAGE 105 =====
 As at March 31, 2026
(I In millions)
Particulars Currency Transaction currency
Amount Total
Assets:
Trade receivables GBP 2.52 2.52
Trade receivables JPY 5.52 5.52
Trade receivables Euro 0.23 0.23
Trade receivables USD 136.54 136.54
Total 144.81 144.81
 As at March 31, 2025
(I In millions)
Particulars Currency Transaction currency
Amount Total
Assets:
Trade receivables GBP 130.41 130.41
Trade receivables JPY 5.33 5.33
Trade receivables USD 22.54 22.54
Total 158.28 158.28
 Foreign currency sensitivity
(I In millions)
Particulars Change in  
USD rates
Effect on profit 
before tax 
(Decrease)/
Increase
Effect on  
pre-tax equity  
(Decrease)/
Increase
March 31, 2026 1% 1.45 1.45
-1% (1.45)  (1.45)
March 31, 2025 1% 1.58 1.58
-1% (1.58) (1.58)
ii. Credit risk
  Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, 
leading to a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables). 
At the end of every financial year, the Company makes an assessment whether any loss allowance has to be provided for 
using the lifetime Expected Credit Loss (ECL) method.
iii. Liquidity Risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company 
manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities 
when due.
 The Company’s board of directors are responsible for liquidity, funding as well as settlement management.
 The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities
(I In millions)
Particulars
As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Less than 1 year Less than 1 year
Borrowings 392.92 527.60
Lease liabilities 48.6 34.27
Trade payables 333.81 196.29
Other financial liabilities 15.61 9.22
Total 790.94 767.38
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
118
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 106 =====
Particulars
As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
More than 1 year 
less than 5 years
More than 1 year 
less than 5 years
Borrowings 681.3 163.17
Lease liabilities 75.74 37.74
Total 757.04 200.91
39 Financial Instruments
 The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 is as follows :
 Financial Assets
(I In millions)
Particulars Carrying value as at Fair value as at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Cost
Investments in subsidiaries 292.03 93.75 292.03 93.75
Amortised Cost
Loans 210.21 372.76 210.21 372.76
Trade receivables 1486.48 1,431.83 1,486.48 1,431.83
Cash and cash equivalents 227.41 109.49 227.41 109.49
Other assets 27.55 68.16 27.55 68.16
Fair value through Profit and Loss
Investments 756.47 200.72 756.47 200.72
Fair value through Other 
Comprehensive Income
-
Investments 129.64 97.89 129.64 97.89
Total Assets 3129.79 2,374.59 3,129.79 2,374.60
 Financial Liabilities
Particulars Carrying value as at Fair value as at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Amortised Cost
Loans and borrowings 1074.22 690.77 1,074.22 690.77
Lease liability 48.6 34.27 48.60 34.27
Trade payables 333.810004 196.29 333.81 196.29
Other liabilities 15.61 9.22 15.61 9.22
Total Liabilities 1472.240004 930.55 1,472.24 930.55
 Fair Value Hierarchy
 Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
 Level 2 –  Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
 Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
 The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2026
Particulars
As at  
March 31, 
2026
Fair value measurement at end  
of reporting year
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Loans: Security deposits (at amortised cost) 210.21 679.57 183.37 210.21
Investments (at fair value) 1178.14 315.20
 The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2025
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
119


===== PAGE 107 =====
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
Fair value measurement at end  
of reporting year
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Loans: Security deposits (at amortised cost) 372.76  200.72  -    372.76 
Investments (at fair value) 392.361629  191.64 
40 Capital Managament
  For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity holders and long-term and short-term borrowings. The primary objective of the Company’s capital 
management is to maximise the shareholder’s value.
 The capital structure is as follows:
Particulars
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Amount Percentage of 
total capital Amount Percentage of 
total capital
Total equity attributable to the equity share holders of the 
Company
3367.809996 75.82% 1,857.39 72.89%
Non-current Borrowings 681.3 15.34% 163.17 6.40%
Short-term borrowings 392.92 8.85% 527.60 20.71%
Total 4442.029996 100.00% 2,548.16 100.00%
  The Company is predominantly equity financed which is evident from the capital structure table. Further, the Company 
has always been a net cash Company with cash and bank balances along with current financial assets which is 
predominantly receivables.
41  No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or 
kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with 
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest in party identified 
by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Company has not received any fund from any party(s) (Funding 
Party) with the understanding that the Company shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
42  On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified four new labour codes, subsuming 29 existing labour laws. The Ministry of 
Labour and Employment has also issued FAQs to assist in assessing the financial implications arising from these regulatory changes. 
Based on which, the Company has evaluated the impact and recognized the incremental effect as an exceptional item, 
supported by an independent actuarial valuation report. Further, the Company has obtained a legal opinion regarding the 
treatment of special allowance as reimbursement of special expenses. In line with this opinion, the actuarial valuation has 
been carried out considering 50% of the Cost to Company (CTC) which is eligible for computation of Gratuity provision.
43 Dividends:
 i)  The Board of directors of the Company have proposed final dividend of I 12/- (Previous Year: I 3/-) per equity share 
of I10/- fully paid up for the year ended March 31, 2026 which is subject to approval of the members in the ensuing 
annual general meeting.
 ii)  The Board of Directors of the Company have paid an interim dividedn of I 4.50 per equity share of  I10/- each fully paid 
up during the year.
44 Additional Disclosures:
 (i)  Transactions and balances with companies which have been removed from register of Companies [struck off companies] 
as at the above reporting periods is Nil.
 (ii) The Company has not traded / invested in Crypto currency.
 (iii)  The Company has no such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey 
or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
120
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 108 =====
 (iv) The Company is not a declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender.
 (v)  The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
Company for holding any Benami property.
 (vi) The Company has granted loans to related parties as follows:
(I In millions)
Type of Borrower Amount of loan or advance in  
the nature of loan outstanding
Percentage to the total Loans and 
Advances in the nature of loans
Subsidiaries 175.26 100%
45  The Company holds investments in Eclectic IQ (formerly known as Polylogyx) whose cost is I 8.03 million, its fair value is  
I12.65 million and Lavelle Networks  Private Limited whose cost I 55 million and its fair value is I 64.25 million which is 
disclosed in non current investments. The Company is in the process of obtaining valuation reports for these investments 
as per Ind AS 109 – Financial Instruments. The management has made efforts to obtain the cash flows and other information 
for valuation purposes due to certain restrictions, the Company was unable to obtain the necessary data for valuation as at 
March 31, 2026.  However, there are certain fresh investments in those companies and expected to take place in the ensuring 
year and in our opinion there is substantial increase in the value of investments  and there is no impairment of the same.
(In millions)
Particulars Note no As at  
March 31, 2025
As per 
signed PY Differences Reasons
ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a)  Property, Plant and Equipment 3 367.74 350.84 16.88 Regrouping between tangible and 
intangible assets
(b) Intangible assets 4.1 23.60 40.48 (16.88) Regrouping between tangible and 
intangible assets
(e) Other non-current assets 7 9.34 6.36 2.98 Regrouping between current assets and 
current liabilities due to grossing up
Current assets
(c) Other current assets 10 64.33 29.56 34.77 Regrouping between current assets and 
current liabilities due to grossing up
TOTAL IMPACT ON ASSETS 524.52 486.77 37.75
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
(c) Provisions 15 2.52 53.65 (51.13) Regrouping from non-current to current 
liabilities
Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
(iii) Trade payables 16 (ii)
 (B)  total outstanding dues of 
creditors other than micro 
and small enterprises
194.16 156.41 37.75 Regrouping between current assets and 
current liabilities due to grossing up
(c) Provisions 17 67.45 16.32 51.13 Regrouping from non-current to current 
liabilities
TOTAL IMPACT ON LIABILITIES 264.13 226.38 37.75
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of Board of Directors
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
121


===== PAGE 109 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
To 
the Members of 
ASM Technologies Limited
Report on Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements
Opinion:
We have audited the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements of ASM Technologies Limited (“the Company”) 
and its subsidiaries and joint venture (collectively referred as  
“the Group”) which comprise of balance sheet as at  
March 31, 2026, the statement of profit & loss, statement of 
changes in equity, the cashflow statement for the year then 
ended, and notes to Consolidated Ind AS financial statements 
including a summary of significant accounting policies and 
other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the 
Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 as amended (“Ind AS”) and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs 
of the Company as at March 31, 2026, profits (including other 
comprehensive income), changes in equity and its cash flows 
for the year ended on that date.
Basis of Opinion:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (“SAs”) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described in 
the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of 
Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements under 
the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we 
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2026. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, 
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
For each matter below, our description of how our audit 
addressed the matter is provided in that context.
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Adoption of Ind AS 115 - Revenue from Contract with Customers as described in note 2.2 (i). and note 17 of the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements:
The Company has accounted revenue as per Ind AS 115 - 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
Application of Ind AS 115, including selection of transition 
method involves significant judgment in determining when 
‘control’ of the goods or services underlying the performance 
obligation is transferred to the customer and the transition 
method to be applied.
As the revenue recognition, due to the significance of the 
balance to the financial statements as a whole, we regard this  
as a key audit matter.
As part of our audit procedures, our procedures included the 
following:
 y We have read the accounting policy for revenue recognition 
and assessed compliance of the policy in terms of principles 
enunciated under Ind AS 115. 
 y We obtained and understood the revenue recognition 
process including determination of point of transfer of control 
and completion of performance obligation.
 y We performed test of details, on a sample basis, and examined 
the underlying customer contracts.
 y We examined the disclosures made by management in 
compliance with the requirements of Ind AS 115.
Conclusion:
Our procedures did not identify any material exceptions.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
122

===== PAGE 110 =====
Emphasis of Matter:
We draw attention to Note ___ to the annual financial results, 
which describes the Company’s non current investments in 
Eclectic IQ (formerly Polylogyx) and Lavelle Networks Private 
Limited, carried at a cost of I 8.03 million and I 55.00 million 
respectively, with disclosed fair values of I 12.65 million 
and I64.25 million. As stated in the note, the Company is in 
process of obtaining valuation reports for these investments in 
accordance with Ind AS 109 – Financial Instruments as at March 
31, 2026. Due to certain restrictions, management unable to 
obtain the necessary cash flow data and other information 
required to perform a formal valuation as of the reporting 
date. However, based on recent investments in these entities 
and expected investments in the ensuing year, management 
is of the opinion that there has been a substantial increase in 
the value of these investments and that no impairment exists 
as at the reporting date as represented to us. We have relied on 
such representation and our opinion is not modified in respect 
of this matter.
Other Matters:
Consolidated annual financial results include unaudited 
financial statements of ASM Technologies Vietnam Company 
Limited, ASM Engineering Pvt Limited (Formerly known as 
Semcon Engineering UK Limited), United Kingdom and it’s 
subsidiary ASM Digital Engineering Pvt Limited (Formerly 
known as Semcon UK Limited), United Kingdom , whose 
financial statements reflect total assets of I 52.11 million as at 
March 31, 2026, total revenues of I98.06 million, total net profit 
after tax  I 2.05 million as considered in these consolidated 
annual financial results. These financial statements are 
unaudited and have been furnished to us by the Management 
and our opinion on the Statement, in so far as it relates to the 
amounts and disclosures included in respect of this subsidiary 
based solely on such unaudited financial statements. In our 
opinion and according to the information and explanations 
given to us by the Company, these financial statements are 
not material to the Group.
Other Information [“Information Other than 
the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report 
Thereon”]
The Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the board report but does not include the financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the 
other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing 
so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the financial statements, or our knowledge 
obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we 
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information identified above 
when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether 
the other information is materially inconsistent with the Ind AS 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, 
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
Management’s Responsibility for Consolidated Ind 
AS Financial Statements:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act, with respect to the 
preparation of these Consolidated Ind AS financial statements 
that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Company 
in accordance with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, including the accounting standards 
specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility 
also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of 
the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting 
frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate implementation and maintenance of accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable 
and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of 
the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Ind AS financial statement that give a true 
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is 
responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related 
to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the 
Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing 
the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee 
that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always 
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, 
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be 
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken 
on the basis of these consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
through the audit. We also:
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
123


===== PAGE 111 =====
 y Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
 y Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of 
the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the company has adequate internal financial 
controls system in place and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls.
 y Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
 y Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use 
of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material 
uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may 
cast significant doubt on the ability of the Company to 
continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention 
in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the 
Consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
 y Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the consolidated Ind AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a 
statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate 
with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and 
where applicable, related safeguards.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements:
1.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
 a)  We have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief were necessary for the 
purposes of our audit.
 b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books
 c)  The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss, statement of changes in equity and the Cash 
Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the books of account.
 d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated financial 
statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act.
 e)  On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken on 
record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from 
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164 (2) of the Act.
 f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting of  
the Company and the operating effectiveness 
of such controls, refer to our separate Report in 
“Annexure - A”.
 g)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with requirement 
of Section 197 (16) of the Act, as amended:
   In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanation given to us, the remuneration 
paid during the current year by the Company is 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 
of the Act. The remuneration paid to any director/ 
manager by the Company, is not in excess of the 
limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act. The 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs has not prescribed 
other details under Section 197(16) which are 
required to be commented upon by us.
 h)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  i)  The Company has disclosed its pending 
litigations which would impact its financial 
position in note 31 of the Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements.
  ii)  The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts as required under the applicable law 
or accounting standards, and also not entered 
into any derivative contracts, accordingly no 
provision is required to be made in respect of 
material foreseeable losses.
  iii)  During the year, the Company has remitted 
an amount of I 1.95 million to Investor 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
124

===== PAGE 112 =====
2.  With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (the “Order”/ 
“CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in the Auditor’s report, 
according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us for the Company 
and its subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, to which reporting under CARO is 
applicable is as under:
Name CIN Nature of the Company Clause No. of CARO Report 
which is qualified or adverse
ASM Technologies Limited L85110KA1992PLC013421 Holding Company 2 a) and 3 c)
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA Vasuki H S)
Partner
Membership No: 212013
UDIN: 26212013XTPXVG7670
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 9, 2026
Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) as per 
the provisions of the Act. However, due to a 
technical error at the bank's end, the Company 
has remitted belatedly ranging between 72 
days to 549 days.
  iv) a.  The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind 
of funds) by the Company to or in 
any other person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the 
Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
   b.  The Management has represented, that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been received by the Company from 
any person or entity, including foreign 
entity (“Funding Parties”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
   c.  Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as 
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain 
any material misstatement
  v.  a)  Based on the information and explanation 
furnished to us by the Company, final 
dividend paid by it which was proposed 
in the previous year and interim dividend 
paid during the year are in accordance 
with section 123 of the Act.
   b)  As per note 43 of the financial statements, 
the Board of Directors has proposed a final 
dividend which is subject to approval by 
the members of the Company in ensuing 
annual general meeting.
  vi.  Based on our examination, which included 
test checks, the Company has used accounting 
software systems for maintaining its books of 
account for the financial year ended March 
31, 2026 which have the feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has 
operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software systems. 
Further, during the course of our audit we did 
not come across any instance of the audit trail 
feature being tampered with and the audit trail 
has been preserved by the Company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
125


===== PAGE 113 =====
ANNEXURE – A 
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH 1. F UNDER THE HEADING “REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS” 
OF OUR REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) 
of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 
(“the Act”):
In conjunction with our audit of Ind AS consolidated 
financial statements of the Company as of and for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, we have audited the internal controls 
over financial reporting of ASM Technologies Limited  
(“the Holding Company”) and its subsidiary companies which 
are incorporated in India, as of that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial 
Controls:
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and 
its subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated in India, are 
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial 
controls based on “the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
(“the Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities include 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding 
of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, 
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, 
as required under the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act” ).
Auditors’ Responsibility:
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on 
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards 
on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed 
under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an 
audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards 
and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical 
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal 
financial controls over financial reporting was established 
and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in 
all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing 
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and 
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected 
depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting:
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the 
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately 
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the 
assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation 
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with 
authorizations of management and directors of the company; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention 
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company's assets that could have a material 
effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting:
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting, including the possibility 
of collusion or improper management override of controls, 
material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and 
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls over financial reporting to future 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
126

===== PAGE 114 =====
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA Vasuki H S)
Partner
Membership No: 212013
UDIN: 26212013XTPXVG7670
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 9, 2026
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control 
over financial reporting may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion:
In our opinion, the Holding Company and its subsidiary 
companies which are incorporated in India have, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting and such internal financial controls 
over financial reporting were operating effectively as at  
March 31, 2026, based on “the internal control over financial 
reporting criteria established by the Company considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants  
of India”. However, the Holding Company needs to strengthen  
the documentation in respect of inventory records  
maintained by it.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
127


===== PAGE 115 =====
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
(I in millions)
Particulars Note As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
 (a) Property, Plant and Equipment 3.1 924.97 474.14
 (b) Intangible Assets 3.2 152.45 158.88
 (c) Capital work in progress 3.3 66.75 -
 (c) Goodwill on consolidation 122.28 122.28
 (d) Financial Assets
 (i) Investments 4(i) 203.17 167.13
 (ii) Loans 4 (ii) 39.30 31.87
 (e) Deferred tax assets (net) 5 92.72 121.62
 (f ) Other non-current assets 6 446.28 13.70
Total Non-current assets 2,047.92 1,089.62
(2) Current assets
 (a) Inventories 7 696.30 188.38
 (b) Financial Assets
  (i) Investments 8(i) 679.57 123.83
  (ii) Trade receivables 8(ii) 1,157.17 1,291.48
  (iii) Cash and cash equivalents 8 (iii) (a) 60.86 22.76
  (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 8 (iii) (b) 230.70 108.88
  (v) Loans 8(iv) 0.31 0.28
  (vi) Others 8(v) 25.35 1.82
 (c) Other current assets 9 130.99 76.32
Total Current Assets 2,981.25 1,813.75
Total Assets 5,029.17 2,903.37
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share capital 10 145.89 118.77
(b) Other Equity 11 2,924.51 1,532.49
 Attributable to Equity holders of the parent 3,070.40 1,651.26
 Non Controlling Interest 0.01 0.01
Total Equity 3,070.41 1,651.27
LIABILITIES
(1) Non-current liabilities
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (i) Borrowings 12 686.88 (53.91)
  (ii) Lease Liabilities 13 95.24 53.67
 (b) Provisions 14 34.90 64.01
 (c) Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
 (d) Other non-current liabilities 15 - -
Total Non-current liabilities 817.02 63.77
(2) Current liabilities
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (i) Borrowings 15(i) 439.01 818.92
  (ii) Lease Liabilities 15(ii) 55.69 43.90
  (iii) Trade payables 15(iiii)
   (A) total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 16.92 17.38
   (B)  total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro  
and small enterprises
263.57 191.94
  (iv) Other financial liabilities 15(iv) 15.99 8.72
 (b) Other current liabilities 16 (i) 218.21 88.74
 (c) Provisions 16 (ii) 132.35 18.73
Total Current liabilities 1,141.74 1,188.33
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITY 5,029.17 2,903.37
Summary of material accounting policies 1, 2
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
128

===== PAGE 116 =====
Consolidated Statement Of Profit & Loss
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(I in millions)
Particulars Notes Current Year Previous Year
Revenue from operations 17 5,285.17 2,888.10
Other income 18 79.92 88.10
Total Income (i) 5,365.09 2,976.20
Expenses
Cost of goods sold 19 1,753.71 598.91
(Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories 20 (507.92) (143.09)
Employee benefits expense 21 2,137.03 1,525.26
Finance costs 22 88.27 117.65
Depreciation and amortization expense 23 139.70 98.74
Other expenses 24 891.30 433.97
Total expenses (ii) 4,502.09 2,631.44
Profit before tax and exceptional item 863.00 344.76
Less : Exceptional Item 16.12 2.50
Profit before tax and share of profits/(loss) of joint venture accounted for using the 
equity method
846.88 342.26
Share of net profit/(loss) of joint venture accounted for using the equity method (net of 
income tax)
(5.71) (1.02)
Profit before tax 841.17 341.24
Tax expenses
(i) Current tax 207.65 81.08
(ii) Prior year tax - 2.56
(iii) Deferred tax 25.91 6.98
Total tax expense 233.56 90.62
Profit/(Loss) for the year 607.61 250.62
Other Comprehensive Income
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans (1.93) (3.50)
 (ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 0.49 0.88
Deferred tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans - -
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in fair value of investments in equity instruments 24.26 (5.39)
 (ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Deferred tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans (3.48) 0.77
 (iii) Foreign currency translation Reserve (57.96) (6.24)
(38.42) (13.48)
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 569.19 237.14
Profit/(loss) for the year 569.19 237.14
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent 607.61 262.24
Non-controlling interests 0.00 (11.62)
Other comprehensive income for the year
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent (38.42) (13.48)
Non-controlling interests -
Total comprehensive income for the year
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent 569.19 248.76
Non-controlling interests 0.00 (11.62)
Earnings per equity share [nominal value of share I10 (March 31, 2023: I10)]
Basic (in I) 25 51.06 21.28
Diluted (in I) 51.06 17.30
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
129


===== PAGE 117 =====
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(I in millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous year
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit / (loss) before tax 846.88 342.27
Adjustment to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:
Depreciation and amortization expense 139.50 98.74
Finance costs 88.27 117.59
Interest income (22.91) (42.75)
Dividend income (3.17) (0.08)
Fair valuation of mutual fund (23.99) (9.33)
(Profit)/ loss on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment 2.92 1.46
Operating profit before working capital changes 1,027.70 507.90
Movements in working capital :
Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables 71.17 117.29
Increase/ (decrease) in other liabilities 73.47 3.43
Decrease / (increase) in Inventories (507.92) (143.08)
Decrease / (increase) in trade receivables 108.12 (775.36)
Decrease / (increase) in other non current assets (7.62) 0.12
Decrease / (increase) in other current assets (79.18) (5.92)
Decrease / (increase) in loans and advances (7.46) 43.89
Increase / (decrease) in provisions 132.01 23.09
Cash generated from /(used in) operations 810.28 (228.64)
Direct taxes paid, net 130.03 6.19
Net cash flow from/ (used in) operating activities (A) 680.25 (234.83)
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of Property, plant & equipment (including capital work in progress and capital advances) (931.69) (266.02)
Proceeds from sale of PPE 3.40
Purchase of non current investments (19.67) (12.16)
Proceeds from sale of current investments (529.57) -
Purchase of control from non controlling interest (88.62)
Increase in non controlling interest - 54.99
Increase/(decrease) in foreign currency translation reserve (57.76) (6.24)
(Increase)/decrease in other bank balances (121.82) 599.07
Dividend received 3.17 0.08
Interest received (0.62) 42.47
Net cash flow from/ (used in) investing activities (B) (1,657.96) 326.97
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from issuance of share capital (including securities premium) 956.36 10.97
Proceeds from long-term borrowings 653.52 (8.58)
Repayment of long-term borrowings (167.59) (89.84)
Increase/(decrease) of short-term borrowings, net (292.64) 173.54
Lease Payments -
Lease liability 53.36 (36.67)
Interest paid (84.73) (117.88)
Dividends paid (including tax on dividend) (102.48) (22.93)
Net cash flow from/ (used in) in financing activities (C) 1,015.81 (91.39)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A + B + C) 38.10 0.75
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 22.76 22.01
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 60.86 22.76
The Company has followed indrect cashflow method as per IND AS 7
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
130

===== PAGE 118 =====
Statement of Changes in Equity
as at March 31, 2026
a. Equity Share Capital
 Current Reporting Period:
Particulars K In millions
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 118.77
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors -
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 118.77
Changes in Equity Share Capital during the current year 27.12
Balance at the end of the current reporting period 145.89
 Previous Reporting Period:
Particulars K In millions
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 117.74
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors -
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 117.74
Changes in Equity Share Capital during the current year 1.03
Balance at the end of the current reporting period  118.77
b. Other Equity
 Current Reporting Period:
(I In million)
Particulars General 
Reserve
Securities  
Premium
Capital 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Other Comprehensive 
Income Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Non-
Controlling 
Interest
TotalForeign 
currency 
translation 
reserve
Others
As at April 1, 2025 93.00  417.85 1.94 667.61 16.73 15.40 319.96 0.01 1,532.50
Profit/(loss) for the year 607.61 607.61
Received during the year 1,249.20 - - 1,249.20
Other Comprehensive 
income
(57.76) 19.33 (38.43)
Dividend declared during 
the year
-
Utilized during the year - (0.20) (106.20) (319.96) (426.36)
Transfer to retained 
earnings
-
As at March 31, 2026 93.00 1,667.05 1.74 1,169.02 (41.03) 34.73 - 0.01 2,924.52
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
131


===== PAGE 119 =====
 Previous reporting period:
(I In million)
Particulars General 
Reserve
Securities  
Premium
Capital 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Other Comprehensive 
Income Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Non-
Controlling 
Interest
TotalForeign 
currency 
translation 
reserve
Others
As at April 1, 2024  93.00  395.76  2.14  428.96  22.97  22.64  332.10  (26.72)  1,270.85 
Profit/(loss) for the year  -    -    -    262.19  -    -    (11.62)  250.57 
Received during the year  -    47.39  -    -    -    36.27  -    83.66 
Other Comprehensive 
income
 -    -    -    -    (6.24)  (7.24)  -    (13.48)
Dividend declared during 
the year
 -    -    -    (23.54)  -    -    -    (23.54)
Utilized during the year  -    (25.30)  (0.20)  -    -    -    (48.41)  38.35  (35.56)
Transfer to retained 
earnings
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
As at March 31, 2025  93.00  417.85  1.94  667.61  16.73  15.40  319.96  0.01  1,532.50 
i) General Reserve:
  The general reserve is a free reserve which is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation 
purposes. As the general reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of 
other comprehensive income. An amount of  I17 million has been utilised for issue of bonus shares during the year 2020-21.
ii) Security Premium:
  Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the provisions 
of section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013. During the year an amount of I 47.39 million has been added on account of 
conversion of share warrants to share capital.
iii)  Capital Reserve:
  Capital Reserve is created on forfeiture of equity shares issued by the Company.
iv) Share Warrants:
 Share warrants issued during the previous year are convertible into 1 equity share of I10/- each for every share warrant issued.
v) Retained Earnings:
 It comprises of the accumulated profits/(loss) of the Company.
Statement of Changes in Equity
as at March 31, 2026
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
132

===== PAGE 120 =====
1 CORPORATE INFORMATION:
  ASM Technologies Limited along with its wholly-
owned and controlled subsidiaries ASM Japan KK, 
ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd, Singapore, ASM 
Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK, RV Forms & Gears LLP , ASM 
HHV Pvt Ltd, ASM Digital Technologies Co Ltd wholly-
owned subsidiary of ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd 
and ASM Digital Engineering Private Limited UK, wholly 
owned subsidiary of ASM Engineering Pvt Limited 
(collectively referred to as “Group”) is a pioneer in 
providing world class consulting services in areas of 
Engineering services and Product Engineering services 
with successful offshore development & support 
centres in India and overseas for its global clientele.  
The consolidated financial statements have been 
approved by the board of directors of the holding company  
on May 9, 2026.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
2.1 Basis of Preparation:
a) Statement of Compliance:
  In accordance with the notification issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs, the Company has adopted Indian 
Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) notified under the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 
with effect from April 1, 2017. The financial statements of 
the Company are prepared and presented in accordance 
with Ind AS.
  The financial statements have been prepared on 
the historical cost basis, except for certain financial 
instruments which are measured at fair values at the end 
of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting 
policies below. Historical cost is generally based on the 
fair value of the consideration given in exchange for 
goods and services.
2.2 Summary of material accounting policies:
a) Use of Estimates:
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with 
Ind AS requires the management to make judgements, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported 
amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities 
and the disclosure of contingent liabilities, at the end 
of the reporting period. Although these estimates are 
based on the management’s best knowledge of current 
events and actions, uncertainty about these assumptions 
and estimates could result in the outcomes requiring a 
material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets 
or liabilities in future periods. Any revision to accounting 
estimates is recognized prospectively.
b)  Current versus non-current classification:
  The Company presents assets and liabilities in the balance 
sheet based on current/ non-current classification.
  An asset is treated as current when it is:
 y Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or 
consumed in normal operating cycle.
 y Held primarily for the purpose of trading
 y Expected to be realised within twelve months after 
the reporting period, or
 y Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from being 
exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least 
twelve months after the reporting period.
 All other assets are classified as non-current.
 A liability is treated as current when:
 y It is expected to be settled in normal operating cycle
 y It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
 y It is due to be settled within twelve months after the 
reporting period, or
 y There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement 
of the liability for at least twelve months after the 
reporting period
 All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
  Deferred tax assets/ liabilities are classified as non-
current assets/ liabilities.
c) Property, Plant & Equipment:
  Property, plant and equipment (“PPE”) are stated at 
the cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation 
and write down for, impairment if any. Direct costs are 
capitalised until the assets are ready to be put to use. 
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying 
amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, 
only when it is probable that future economic benefits 
associated with the item will flow to the entity and the 
cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other 
expenses on existing assets, including day-to-day repair 
and maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing 
parts, which do not meet the definition of PPE as per Ind 
AS 16 are charged to the statement of profit and loss for 
the period during which such expenses are incurred.
  Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of PPE are 
measured as the difference between the net disposal 
proceeds and the carrying amount of PPE and are 
recognized in the statement of profit and loss when the 
PPE is derecognized.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
133


===== PAGE 121 =====
d) Depreciation:
  Depreciation is provided on straight-line method as per 
the rates specified in schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013  
(“the Act”). Depreciation for the assets purchased/sold 
during the year is proportionately charged. The assets’ 
residual values and useful lives are reviewed at each 
financial year end or whenever there are indicators for 
revision, and adjusted prospectively.
e) Investment Properties:
  Investment property represents properties held for 
rental yields and/or for capital appreciation or both 
rather than for:
 (a)  use in the production or supply of services or for 
administrative purposes; or
 (b) sale in the ordinary course of business.
  Investment property is stated at the cost of acquisition 
less accumulated depreciation.
  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying 
amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate, 
only when it is probable that future economic benefits 
associated with the item will flow to the entity and the 
cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other 
expenses on existing assets, including day-to-day repair 
and maintenance expenditure and cost of replacing 
parts, which do not meet the definition of Investment 
Property as per Ind AS 40 are charged to the statement of 
profit and loss for the period during which such expenses 
are incurred.
f) Intangible Assets:
  Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on 
intial cost. Subsequently, carried at cost less accumulated 
amortization and accumulated impariment losses, if any.
  Intangible assets comprising of computer software is 
amortised on a over a period of three years as estimated 
by the management.
  Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an 
intangible asset are measured as a difference between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of 
the asset and are recognised in the statement of profit 
or loss when asset is derecognised.
g) Leases:
 Where Company is a Lessee:
  The Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist of 
leases for buildings. The Company assesses whether a 
contract contains a lease, at inception of a contract. A 
contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset for a 
period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess 
whether a contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset, the Company assesses whether:
 (i) the contact involves the use of an identified asset
 (ii)  the Company has substantially all of the economic 
benefits from use of the asset through the period 
of lease
 (iii)  the Company has the right to direct the use of 
the asset. 
  At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a 
corresponding lease liability for all lease arrangements in 
which it is a lessee, except for leases with a term of twelve 
months or less (short-term leases) and low value leases. 
For these short-term and low value leases, the Company 
recognizes the lease payments as an operating expense 
on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
  Certain lease arrangements includes the options to 
extend or terminate the lease before the end of the 
lease term. ROU assets and lease liabilities includes 
these options when it is reasonably certain that they will 
be exercised.
  The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost at 
the present value of the future lease payments. The lease 
payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit 
in the lease or, if not readily determinable, using the 
incremental borrowing rates in the country of domicile 
of these leases. Lease liabilities are remeasured with a 
corresponding adjustment to the related right of use 
asset if the Company changes its assessment if whether 
it will exercise an extension or a termination option.
  Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments have 
been classified as financing cash flows.
  The borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities for 
discouting is 12.55%
 Operating Leases
  Leases, where the lessor effectively retains substantially 
all the risks and benefits of ownership of the leased 
item, are classified as operating leases. Operating lease 
payments are recognised as an expense in the statement 
of profit and loss on a straight-line basis over the lease 
term except where the increase in lease outgoings are in 
line with expected general inflation to compensate the 
lessor’s expected inflationary cost increases.
(h) Employee benefits :
  Short term employee benefits :
  The employee benefits payable wholly within twelve 
months of rendering the service are classified as short 
term employee benefits. Benefits such as salaries, leave 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
134
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 122 =====
travel allowance, short term compensated absences etc. 
and the expected cost of bonus are recognised in the 
period in which the employee renders the related service.
 Long term employee benefits:
 (i) Defined Contribution Plans:
   The Firm has contributed to state governed 
provident fund scheme, employee’s state insurance 
scheme and employee pension scheme which 
are defined contribution plans. The contribution 
paid/ payable under the schemes is recognised 
during the period in which employee renders the 
related service.
 (ii)  Defined Benefit Plans :
   Gratuity, which is a defined benefit plan, is accrued 
based on an independent actuarial valuation, which 
is done based on project unit credit method as at 
the balance sheet date. The Company recognizes 
the net obligation of a defined benefit plan in its 
balance sheet as an asset or liability. Gains and 
losses through re-measurements of the net defined 
benefit liability/ (asset) are recognized in other 
comprehensive income. In accordance with Ind 
AS, re-measurement gains and losses on defined 
benefit plans recognized in OCI are not to be 
subsequently reclassified to statement of profit and 
loss. As required under Ind AS compliant Schedule 
III, the Company recognizes re-measurement gains 
and losses on defined benefit plans (net of tax) to 
retained earnings.
   Accumulated leave, which is expected to be utilized 
within the next twelve months, is treated as short-
term employee benefit. The Company measures the 
expected cost of such absences as the additional 
amount that it expects to pay as a result of the 
unused entitlement that has accumulated at the 
reporting date.
   The Company treats accumulated leave expected 
to be carried forward beyond twelve months, as 
long-term employee benefit for measurement 
purposes. Such long-term compensated absences 
are provided for based on the actuarial valuation 
using the projected unit credit method, made at the 
end of each financial year. Actuarial gains/losses are 
immediately taken to the statement of profit and 
loss. The Company presents the accumulated leave 
liability as a current liability in the balance sheet, 
since it does not have an unconditional right to 
defer its settlement for twelve months after the 
reporting date.
  (i)  Retirement benefits
    Retirement benefit in the form of provident 
fund is a defined contribution scheme. The 
Company has no obligation, other than the 
contribution payable to the provident fund 
authorities. The contributions to the provident 
fund are charged to the statement of profit 
and loss for the year when the contributions 
are due.
    Gratuity, which is a defined benefit plan, is 
accrued based on an independent actuarial 
valuation, which is done based on projected 
unit credit method as at the balance sheet date. 
Gains and losses through re-measurements 
of the net defined benefit obligation are 
recognized in other comprehensive income 
and are not subsequently reclassified to 
profit or loss. The defined benefit scheme for 
gratuity is currently funded.
  (ii) Other employee benefits
    The undiscounted amount of short-term 
employee benefits expected to be paid 
in exchange for the services rendered by 
employees is recognised during the period 
when the employee renders the service. These 
benefits include compensated absences such 
as paid annual leave, overseas social security 
contributions and performance incentives.
i) Revenue Recognition:
  The Company derives revenues primarily from IT 
related services. Effective April 1, 2018, the Company 
has adopted Ind AS 115, “Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers”. Revenue is recognized upon transfer of 
control of promised services to customers in an amount 
that refelects the considereation we expect to receive in 
for those services.
  Revenue on time-and-material contracts are recognized 
as the related services are performed and revenue from 
the end of the last invoicing to the reporting date is 
recognized as unbilled revenue. Revenue from fixed-
price, fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance 
obligations are satisfied over time and where there is 
no uncertainty as to measurement or collectability of 
consideration, is recognized as per the percentage-
of-completion method. When there is uncertainty as 
to measurement or ultimate collectability, revenue 
recognition is postponed until such uncertainty is 
resolved. Efforts or costs expended have been used to 
measure progress towards completion as there is a direct 
relationship between input and productivity.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
135


===== PAGE 123 =====
  The Company recognised incentive from government in 
respect of Service Exports from India Scheme based on 
claim lodged by the Company.
 Interest Income:
  Interest is accounted as per effective interest method. 
Interest income is included under the head “other income” 
in the statement of profit and loss. Interest income on 
term deposits & others are recognised on accrual basis. 
Interest income on account of financial instruments 
measured at amortised cost if any, is recognised using 
effective interest rate method.
 Dividend Income:
  Dividend is recorded when the right to receive payment 
is established. Interest income is recognized on effective 
interest method taking into account the amount 
outstanding and the applicable interest rate. Interest 
income is included under the head “other income” in the 
statement of profit and loss.
j) Taxation:
  Income tax expense comprises current tax expense 
and the net change in the deferred tax asset or liability 
during the year. Current and deferred tax are recognized 
in statement of profit or loss, except when they relate 
to items that are recognized in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and 
deferred tax are also recognized in other comprehensive 
income or directly in equity, respectively.
  Current income tax expense comprises taxes on income 
from operations in India and in foreign jurisdictions. 
Income tax payable in India is determined in accordance 
with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961. Tax 
expense relating to foreign operations is determined in 
accordance with tax laws applicable in countries where 
such operations are domiciled. Minimum Alternative Tax 
(MAT) paid in accordance with the tax laws in India, which 
gives rise to future economic benefits in the form of 
adjustment of future income tax liability, is considered as 
an asset if there is convincing evidence that the Company 
will pay normal income tax in future years. Accordingly, 
MAT is recognised as an asset in the balance sheet when 
the asset can be measured reliably and it is probable that 
the future economic benefit associated with the assets 
will fructify.
  Deferred income tax is recognized on temporary 
differences at the balance sheet date between the tax 
bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts 
for financial reporting purposes, except when the 
deferred income tax arises from the initial recognition of 
goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not 
a business combination and affects neither accounting 
nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the transaction.
  Deferred income tax assets are recognized for all 
deductible temporary differences, carry forward of 
unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent 
that it is probable that taxable profit will be available 
against which the deductible temporary differences, and 
the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax 
losses can be utilized.
  The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets 
is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that 
sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or 
part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilized.  
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured 
at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period 
when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based 
on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
k) Foreign Currency Transactions:
 Functional Currency:
  The functional currency of the Company is the 
Indian rupee.
 Transactions and translations:
  Foreign currency transactions are recorded at exchange 
rates prevailing on the date of the transaction. Foreign 
currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities 
are restated into the functional currency using exchange 
rates prevailing on the balance sheet date. Gains and 
losses arising on settlement and restatement of foreign 
currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities are 
included in the statement of profit and loss.
l)  Provisions, Contingent liabilities and Contingent 
assets:
  A provision is recognized when an enterprise has a 
present obligation (legal or constructive) as result of past 
event and it is probable that an outflow of embodying 
economic benefits of resources will be required to 
settle a reliably assessable obligation. Provisions are 
determined based on best estimate required to settle 
each obligation at each balance sheet date. If the effect 
of the time value of money is material, provisions are 
discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects, 
when appropriate, the risks specific to the liability. When 
discounting is used, the increase in the provision due 
to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.  
Provisions for onerous contracts, i.e. contracts 
where the expected unavoidable costs of meeting 
obligations under a contract exceed the economic 
benefits expected to be received, are recognized 
when it is probable that an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits will be required to 
settle a present obligation as a result of an obligating 
event, based on a reliable estimate of such obligation.  
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
136
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 124 =====
A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises 
from past events whose existence will be confirmed by the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain 
future events beyond the control of the Company or a 
present obligation that is not recognized because it is not 
probable that an outflow of resources will be required to 
settle the obligation. A contingent liability also arises in 
extremely rare cases where there is a liability that cannot 
be recognized because it cannot be measured reliably. 
The Company does not recognize a contingent liability 
but discloses its existence in the financial statements. A 
contingent asset is never recognised but only disclosed 
in the financial statements.
m) Segment reporting policies:
(i) Identification of segments:
  Operating Segments are identified on the basis of 
internal reports about components of the group that are 
regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker 
(CODM) in order to allocate resources to the segments 
and to assess their performance in accordance with Ind 
AS 108, Operating Segments. Since CODM evaluates 
Company’s performance at a geographic segment level, 
operating segment information is accordingly given at 
geographic level.
(ii) Unallocated items
  Unallocated items include general corporate asset, 
liability, income and expense items which are not 
allocated to any business segment.
(iii) Segment accounting policies
  the Firm prepares its segment information in conformity 
with the accounting policies adopted for preparing 
and presenting the financial statements of the Firm as 
a whole.
n) Financial Instruments:
  Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions 
of the instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are 
initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are 
directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial 
assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets 
and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) 
are added to or deducted from the fair value measured 
on initial recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
i) Cash & Cash equivalents:
  The Company considers all highly liquid financial 
instruments, which are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash that are subject to an insignificant risk 
of change in value and having original maturities of 
three months or less from the date of purchase, to be 
cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist 
of balances with banks which are unrestricted for 
withdrawal and usage.
ii) Financial assets at amortized cost:
  Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortized 
cost if these financial assets are held within a business 
whose objective is to hold these assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding.
iii)  Financial assets at fair value through other  
comprehensive income:
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets and the contractual terms of the financial asset 
give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding.
iv)  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit 
or loss unless it is measured at amortized cost or at fair 
value through other comprehensive income on initial 
recognition. The transaction costs directly attributable 
to the acquisition of financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss are immediately recognized 
in statement of profit and loss.
v) Financial liabilities:
  Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized 
cost using the effective interest method, except for 
contingent consideration recognized in a business 
combination which is subsequently measured at fair 
value through profit or loss. For trade and other payables 
maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, 
the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the 
short maturity of these instruments.
vi) De-recognition of financial instruments:
  The Company derecognizes a financial asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial 
asset expire or it transfers the financial asset and the 
transfer qualifies for de-recognition under Ind AS 109. 
A financial liability (or a part of a financial liability) is 
derecognized when the obligation specified in the 
contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.
vii) Fair value of financial instruments:
  In determining the fair value of its financial 
instruments, the Company uses following hierarchy 
and assumptions that are based on market 
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
137


===== PAGE 125 =====
conditions and risks existing at each reporting date.  
Fair value hierarchy:
  All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, 
based on the lowest level input that is significant to the 
fair value measurement as a whole:
 y Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 y Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is directly or indirectly observable
 y Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement is unobservable
  For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the 
financial statements on a recurring basis, the Company 
determines whether transfers have occurred between 
levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization 
(based on the lowest level input that is significant to the 
fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each 
reporting period.
viii) Investments in subsidiary:
 Investments in subsidiary is carried at cost.
o) Impairment:
i) Financial assets:
  The Company assesses at each date of balance sheet 
whether a financial asset or a group of financial assets 
is impaired. Ind AS 109 requires expected credit losses 
to be measured through a loss allowance. The Company 
recognises lifetime expected losses for all contract assets 
and / or all trade receivables that do not constitute 
a financing transaction. For all other financial assets, 
expected credit losses are measured at an amount equal 
to the 12-month expected credit losses or at an amount 
equal to the life time expected credit losses if the credit 
risk on the financial asset has increased significantly since 
initial recognition.
ii) Non-financial assets:
  Tangible and Intangible assets: PPE, intangible assets 
and investment property with finite life are evaluated 
for recoverability whenever there is any indication that 
their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If any 
such indication exists, the recoverable amount (i.e. 
higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-
in-use) is determined on an individual asset basis unless 
the asset does not generate cash flows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets. In such cases, 
the recoverable amount is determined for the cash 
generating unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs. If the 
recoverable amount of an asset (or CGU) is estimated to 
be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of 
the asset (or CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. 
An impairment loss is recognised in the statement of 
profit and loss.
p) Cashflow Statement:
  Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, 
whereby profit for the period is adjusted for the effects 
of transactions of a non-cash nature, any deferrals or 
accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or 
payments and item of income or expenses associated 
with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows 
from operating, investing and financing activities of the 
Company are segregated. The Company considers all 
highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to 
known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
q) Capital Work in Progress:
  Costs of assets not ready for use at the balance sheet date 
are disclosed under capital work- in- progress. Capital 
work in progress comprises the cost of fixed assets under 
construction and not yet ready for their intended use. 
Capital work in progress is carried at cost, comprising 
direct cost, related incidental expenses.
  Expenditure directly relating to construction activity 
is capitalized. Indirect expenditure incurred during 
construction period is capitalized to the extent to which 
the expenditure is indirectly related to construction or is 
incidental thereto. Other indirect expenditure (including 
borrowing costs) incurred during the construction period 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
138
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 126 =====
which is neither related to the construction activity nor 
is incidental thereto is charged to the Statement of Profit 
and Loss.
r) Inventories:
  Cost is ascertained on a weighted average basis, is 
defined as being all expenditure, which has been 
incurred in bringing the product or service to its present 
location and condition or net realizable values whichever 
is lower. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price 
in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs 
of completion and estimated costs necessary to make 
the sale.
s) Expenditure:
  Expenses are accounted on the accrual basis and 
provisions are made for all known losses and liabilities.
t) Borrowing costs:
  Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an 
entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.
  Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, 
construction or production of an asset that necessarily 
takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its 
intended use or sale are capitalized/inventorised as part 
of the cost of the respective asset. All other borrowing 
costs are charged to Statement of Profit and Loss.
u) Earnings per share:
  Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the 
net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number of 
equity shares outstanding during the period. Partly 
paid equity shares are treated as a fraction of an equity 
share to the extent that they are entitled to participate 
in dividends relative to a fully paid equity share during 
the reporting period. The weighted average number 
of equity shares outstanding during the period is 
adjusted for events such as bonus issue that have 
changed the number of equity shares outstanding, 
without a corresponding change in resources.  
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per 
share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable to 
equity shareholders and the weighted average number 
of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted for 
the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
2.3  Significant accounting judgements, estimates 
and assumptions:
  The preparation of the Company’s financial statements 
requires management to make judgements, estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts 
of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and 
the accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure 
of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these 
assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of 
assets or liabilities affected in future periods.
a) Judgements:
  In the process of applying the Company’s accounting 
policies, management has made the following 
judgements, which have the most significant effect on 
the amounts recognized in the financial statements:
(b)  Estimates and assumptions:
  The key assumptions concerning the future and other 
key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting 
date, that have a significant risk of causing a material 
adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and 
liabilities within the next financial year, are described 
below. The Company based its assumptions and estimates 
on parameters available when the financial statements 
were prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions 
about future developments, however, may change due to 
market changes or circumstances arising that are beyond 
the control of the Company. Such changes are reflected 
in the assumptions when they occur.
 Defined benefit plans - Gratuity
  The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan and other 
post-employment medical benefits and the present value 
of the gratuity obligation are determined using actuarial 
valuations. An actuarial valuation involves making various 
assumptions that may differ from actual developments 
in the future. These include the determination of the 
discount rate, future salary increases and mortality 
rates. Due to the complexities involved in the valuation 
and its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation 
is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All 
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
  The parameter most subject to change is the discount 
rate. In determining the appropriate discount rate for 
plans operated in India, the management considers the 
interest rates of government bonds
  The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality 
tables. Those mortality tables tend to change only at 
interval in response to demographic changes. Future 
salary increases are based on expected future inflation 
rates and expected salary increase thereon.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
139


===== PAGE 127 =====
2.4 Recent Accounting Pronouncements:
 i.  Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notified new 
standards or amendments to the existing standards 
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules as issued from time to time.
 ii.  In May 2025, MCA notified amendments to Ind AS 
21 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange 
Rates, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025. The Company 
has reviewed the amendment and based on its 
evaluation has determined that it does not have 
any significant impact in its financial statements.
   In August 2025, MCA notified the following 
amendments to:
 iii.   Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, 
applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025 – The amendment 
relates to classification of liabilities as current 
or non-current and non-current liabilities with 
covenants. In the context of classifying a liability as 
current, it removes the requirement of existence of 
a right to defer settlement for at least 12 months 
after the reporting date and instead requires 
that the said right should exist on the reporting 
date and have substance. The amendment also 
introduces guidance on classification of liabilities 
with covenants. The Company has no impact of 
these amendments in its classification criteria of 
current and non-current liabilities.
 iv.  Ind AS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107, 
Financial Instruments: Disclosures, applicable 
w.e.f. April 1, 2025 – The amendment in Ind AS 7 
requires to inform users of financial statements of 
the existence of supplier finance arrangements and 
explain the nature of the arrangements, the carrying 
amount of liabilities and the range of payment 
due dates. Ind AS 107 has been amended to add 
supplier finance arrangements as a factor that may 
cause concentration of liquidity risk. The Company 
has reviewed the amendment and based on its 
evaluation has determined that it does not have 
any significant impact in its financial statements.
 v.  Ind AS 12 – International Tax Reform, Pillar Two 
Model Rules (notified August 2025, applicable 
immediately and retrospectively): Provides a 
temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax 
accounting for top-up tax.
2.5  Standards Issued not yet Effective:
  The Government of India has issued an amendment 
to Ind AS 1 removing the India-specific carve-outs on 
classification of liabilities upon breach of covenants. 
This is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
April 1, 2026. The Company will analyse the impact of this 
amendment in due course of time.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
140
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 128 =====
3.1 Property, Plant and Equipment (I In Millions)
Land 
(freehold) Building Plant and 
Equipment
Electrical 
fittings
Furniture & 
fixtures
Office 
Equipment Vehicles Generator Plant & 
Machinery Right of Use Total
Cost
At April 1, 2024 20.51 16.98 225.41 5.65 18.08 10.57 8.48 0.56 - 244.49 550.73
Additions - - 38.66 12.83 1.86 8.01 1.98 - 220.56 - 283.90
Disposals - - (4.84) - (0.05) - - - (4.20) - (9.09)
Other Adjustments - - 1.00 - 0.14 0.04 (0.08) - - - 1.10
At March 31, 2025 20.51 16.98 260.23 18.48 20.03 18.62 10.38 0.56 216.36 244.49 826.64
Additions 62.49 8.01 13.60 17.90 2.26 349.92 100.44 554.62
Disposals 4.47 4.47
Other Adjustments -
At March 31, 2026 20.51 16.98 318.25 26.49 33.63 36.52 12.64 0.56 566.28 344.93 1,376.79
Depreciation/
Amortisation
At April 1, 2024 - 3.53 87.38 3.58 11.93 6.82 5.14 0.56 - 132.37 251.31
Charge for the year 0.27 38.61 1.45 0.66 1.55 1.08 - 2.49 36.68 82.80
Disposals (0.69) (0.01) (0.03) (0.73)
Other Adjustment 0.08 (0.04) 0.01 0.05
At March 31, 2025 - 3.80 125.38 5.03 12.54 8.38 6.22 0.56 2.46 169.05 333.42
Charge for the year 0.27 30.69 4.31 2.18 4.79 0.98 31.17 45.38 119.77
Disposals 1.37 1.37
Other Adjustment -
At March 31, 2026 - 4.07 154.70 9.34 14.72 13.17 7.20 0.56 33.63 214.43 451.82
Net Block
At March 31, 2025  20.51  13.18  134.85  13.45  7.49  10.24  4.16  -    213.90  75.44  493.22 
At March 31, 2026 20.51 12.91 163.55 17.15 18.91 23.35 5.44 - 532.65 130.50 924.97
 Additional Information:
 1. The Company has not revalued its PPE during the year or previous years.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
141


===== PAGE 129 =====
 2. The Company has title deeds of all its immovable properties in its name including right to use assets.
3.2 Intangibles:
(I In Millions)
Particulars Goodwill Intellectual 
Property Rights Software Product 
Development Total
Cost
At April 1, 2024 20.35 24.95 54.17 99.53 213.68
Additions 0.96 - 0.96
Disposals -
Other Adjustments -
At March 31, 2025 20.35 24.95 55.13 99.53 214.64
Additions 32.72 32.72
Disposals -
Other Adjustments -
At March 31, 2026 20.35 24.95 87.85 99.53 247.36
Depreciation/Amortisation
At April 1, 2024 14.76 11.95 16.11 57.52
Charge for the year - 2.50 4.85 9.95 17.30
Disposals - - - - -
Other Adjustment - (0.03) - - (0.03)
At March 31, 2025 - 17.23 16.80 26.06 74.79
Charge for the year 2.49 7.20 10.43 20.12
Disposals -
Other Adjustment -
At March 31, 2026 - 19.72 24.00 36.49 94.91
Net Block
At March 31, 2025 20.35 7.72 38.33 73.47 139.85
At March 31, 2026 20.35 5.23 63.85 63.04 152.45
 Note: The Company has not revalued any of its intangible assets
3.3 Intangibles under development:
(I in millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Product Development 66.75 -
Total 66.75 -
 Agewise Breakup of CWIP/ IP under development:
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Projects in progress:
Less than 1 year 66.75 -
1 - 2 years - -
2 - 3 years - -
More than 3 Years - -
Total 66.75 -
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
142
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 130 =====
 There are no projects which has been temporarily suspended
4 NON CURRENT FINANCIAL ASSETS:
4 (i) Details of Investments
Name of the Company  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025 
 No of Shares  K In million  No of Shares  K In million 
 i) Non Current Investments:
 Investments In Equity Instruments
 A)  Investments in equity instruments in 
Associates:
   - Unquoted carried at cost
  ASM HHV Limited       10,50,001                    7.15            6,50,001                       2.86 
 B)  Investments in fair value through  
profit & loss
    Investments in compulsory convertible 
preference shares (Unquoted)
   Lavelle Networks Private Limited of I10 each               6,873                  64.25                  6,873                     64.25 
   Investments in Equity shares (Unquoted)
   Baro Vehicles Limited, UK   
(GBP 0.0001) each
            13,346                         -                 13,346                            -   
  Bhuma Inc ($0.64) each             93,750                         -                 93,750                            -   
  Investments in a partnership firm
   Interoperable Security LLC, USA (Previously 
known as Poly Logyx LLC) 
                 12.65                     12.65 
 C)  Investments in fair value through  
Other Comprehensive Income
  - In Venture Capital Fund
  i)  Ideaspring Capital Future Now               119.12                     87.37 
              203.17                   167.13 
 Additional Information:
 i)  Aggregate amount of unquoted investments               203.17                   167.13 
 ii) Categorywise Non current investment:
   Financial assets carried at amortised cost                    7.15                       2.86 
    Financial assets measured at fair value through  
Profit & Loss
                 76.90                     76.90 
   Financial assets measured at fair value through  
 Other Comprehensive Income
              119.12                     87.37 
  Total non current investment               203.17                   167.13 
 Additional Information:
 Details of investment made in the capital of partnership firm:
 Name of the Firm : Interopearble Security LLC (Previously known as PolyLogyx LLC)
Name of the Partner
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Partner’s  
Capital in $
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
Partner’s  
Capital in $
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
ASM Technologies Limited (the Company) 40,908.00 4.09% 40,908.00 0.04
Sridhar Jayanthi 4,77,332.00 47.73% 4,77,332.00 0.48
Atul Kabra 3,56,514.00 35.65% 3,56,514.00 0.36
Preet Mohinder 86,760.00 8.68% 86,760.00 0.09
Moulik Mehta 12,354.00 1.24% 12,354.00 0.01
Bhagyajyothi P Makam 7,466 0.75% 7,466 0.01
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
143


===== PAGE 131 =====
Rajesh Ambareesh Rajah 9,333 0.93% 9,333 0.01
Kailashnath Dornadula 9,333 0.93% 9,333 0.01
4 (ii) Loans (Unsecured and considered good)
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Security Deposits 39.30 31.87
Inter corporate deposit - -
Total 39.30 31.87
5 Deferred Tax
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i) Deferred tax liability:
 a) On account of depreciation on fixed assets 31.42 26.65
 b) On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure - -
 c) On account of timing diffferences in recognition of value of investment 16.05 10.38
 Total 47.47 37.03
ii) Deferred tax asset:
 a) On account of depreciation on fixed assets - -
 b) On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure 30.16 39.84
  c)  On account of timing differences on Impact on Unabsorbed 
depreciation & brought forward losses
110.03 118.81
 Total 140.19 158.65
Net Deferred tax (liability)/asset 92.72 121.62
6 Other non current assets
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Disputed taxes paid 0.32 7.30
Advance payment of tax (net of provision) - 1.71
Security deposits 0.46 0.44
Capital Advances 419.05 -
Deferred Rent- Ind AS 11.85 4.25
Other Receivables 14.60 -
Total 446.28 13.70
7 Inventories:
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at March 31, 
2026
As at March 31, 
2025
Raw Materials 306.00 79.27
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
144
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 132 =====
Work in progress 253.54 77.91
Finished Goods 136.76 31.20
Total 696.30 188.38
8(i) Financial Assets:
(I In Millions)
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
No of Units K In million No of Units K In million
i)  Investment - fair value through statement of  
Profit & Loss
 Investments in Mutual Funds:
 i) SBI Short Term Debt Fund* 13,87,001 46.09 15,18,362 47.65
 ii) SBI Corporate Bond Fund* 50,19,196 80.17 50,19,196 76.07
 iii) ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund 10,173 0.11 9,670 0.11
 iv) SBI Arbitrage Opportunities Fund- Regular Plan -G$ 1,45,28,811 513.40
 v)  LSD901G Magnum hybrid long short fund  
- Directplan -G
39,82,573 39.80
Total 679.57 123.83
Aggregate Carrying value of quoted Investments - 679.57 - 123.83
Aggregate Market value of quoted Investments - 679.57 - 123.83
  *above investment is held as margin for loans taken by the Company
  $Amount received towards issue of shares & warrants and not utilised has been invested in mutual funds.
 Current Assets
(ii) Financial Assets
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
ii) Trade Receivables
 - Trade receivables 925.50 913.56
 - Unbilled Revenue 262.92 382.98
1,188.42 1,296.54
Less: Allowance for bad & doubtful trade receivables (31.25) (5.06)
1,157.17 1,291.48
- Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule:
a)  Un disputed Outstanding for the following periods from due date of  
payment (undisputed)
 Less than 6 Months 870.72 757.76
 6 Months - 1 Year 11.69 66.42
 1 - 2 Years 21.45 58.98
 2 - 3 Years 19.57 28.52
 More than 3 Years 2.07 1.88
Total (a) 925.50 913.56
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
145


===== PAGE 133 =====
b)  Disputed Trade receivables outstanding for the following periods from due 
date of payment
c) Unbilled Revenue : 262.91 382.98
Total (a+b+c) 1,188.41 1,296.54
(iii) Financial Assets ( Current Assets)
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
iii) Cash and Bank Balance
a) Cash and cash equivalents:-
 i) Balance with Banks
  -  On current accounts 60.86 22.75
  -  Cash on hand - 0.01
  -  Cheque on hand - -
60.86 22.76
(b) ii) Other Bank Balances
  - In Unpaid Dividends 12.35 9.76
  - in Current account$ 2.07 36.28
  - Margin Money 0.22
  - in deposit whose maturity is more than 3 months* 216.06 62.84
  - Margin Money - -
Total 291.56 131.64
 Bank balance includes:
 Held as margin money/security against borrowings/guarantees/other commitments.
 $Amount received towards issue of shares & warrants and not utilised is kept by the Company in a separate bank account  
 *Deposit of  I15 million has been given secuity for the overdraft facility availed by subsidiary RV Forms and Gears LLP.
(iv) Loans (Unsecured, considered good)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Security Deposit 0.31 0.28
Total 0.31 0.28
(v) Other Financial Assets
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Interest receivable on deposits 25.35 1.82
Interest receivable on advances to related parties - -
Total 25.35 1.82
9 Other current assets
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
(i) Advances other than capital advances
 (a) Security deposits  -    -   
 (b) Advance to supplier  102.59  43.27 
 Less: Provision for doubtful advances  (24.58)  (0.07)
 78.01  43.20 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
146
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 134 =====
     - Advance to Employee  4.05  9.41 
(ii) Others
 Prepaid expenses  48.67  21.73 
 Other current Assets  0.26  1.98 
Total  130.99  76.32 
10 Equity Share Capital (refer statement of changes in equity)
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Authorised
1,50,00,000 Equity shares of I10 each 150.00 150.00
Issued and Subscribed:
1,46,14,390 (As at March 31, 2025: 1,19,02,855) equity shares of I 10 each 146.14 119.03
Paid up Capital:
1,45,88,598 (As at March 31, 2025: 1,18,77,063) equity shares of I 10 each fully paid up 145.89 118.77
Total issued, subscribed and fully paid-up share capital 145.89 118.77
(a) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares
  The company has only one class of equity shares having par value of I 10 per share.Each holder of equity is entitled to one 
vote per share.
(b) Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
Equity shares
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Nos. K In million Nos. K In million
At the beginning of the year 1,18,77,063 118.77 1,17,74,208 117.74
Add:-Amount received on partly paid shares of 
right issue
- - -
Less: Forfieture of Shares - -
Add:-Issued during the year 27,11,535 27.12 1,02,855 1.03
Outstanding at the end of the year 1,45,88,598 145.89 1,18,77,063 118.77
(c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company*     
Particulars
As at March 31, 2026 As at March 31, 2025
Nos. % holding 
in class Nos. % holding in 
class
S Rabindra 64,60,960 44.29% 48,02,425 40.43%
Kannan Sundar 7,30,150 5.00% 10,04,120 8.45%
R Preeti 9,50,082 6.51% 8,50,082 7.16%
Mukul Mahavir Agrawal 15,00,000 10.28% 7,62,500 6.42%
IDS System Private limited - 0.00% - 0.00%
(d) Shareholding of Promoters:  
 The details of the shares held by promoters as at March 31, 2026 are as under:  
Promoter Name No of fully  
paid up shares
No of partly  
paid up Shares
% of share 
holding
% of change 
during the year
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
147


===== PAGE 135 =====
S Rabindra 64,60,960 - 44.29% 23.88%
R Preeti 9,50,082 - 6.51%
Akhil R 3,00,693 - 2.06%
Nikhil R 3,00,693 - 2.06%
IDS Systems LLP 4,43,165 - 3.04%
 The details of the shares held by promoters as at March 31, 2025 are as under:
Promoter Name No of fully  
paid up shares
No of partly  
paid up Shares
% of share 
holding
% of change 
during the year
S Rabindra 48,02,425 - 40.43% 1%
R Preeti 8,50,082 - 7.16%
Akhil R 3,00,693 - 2.53%
Nikhil R 3,00,693 - 2.53%
IDS Systems LLP 5,71,466 - 4.81%
(e )  During the year 2021 - 22 the Company had a Rights issue of equity shares to its shareholders at 1:10 ratio on March 28, 2022 
and closed on April 6, 2022 at a premium of I105/- per share on a call basis which is payable on application I35 per share and 
First & Final call of I80 per share. During the financial year 2023-24 the Company has received the first and final call amount 
of I80/- per share which was received on 9,74,208 shares and balance shares of 25,792 has been forfieted by the Company.
(f) Bonus shares issued in last five year 50,00,000 shares of I 10/- each
(g)  During the financial year 23-24 the Company has issued 8,00,000 equity shares of I 10/- each at a premium of I 460.50 and 
28,14,390 share warrants at the price of I470.50 per warrant which will be convertible into 1 equity share of I10/- each at any 
time on or before expiry of 18 months from the date of allotment of the warrants. The Company has allotted all the shares 
during the year.
(h) Proceeds and utilisation from issue of shares & warrants on preferential basis:
(I In million)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Proceeds received from issue 1,701.29 744.93
Less: Amount utilised for organic and inorganic growth 865.19 455.90
Less: utilised for general corporate purposes 252.75 252.75
Amount held in separate bank account 583.35 36.28
11 Other Equity
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i) Capital reserve
 Opening balance 1.94 2.14
Add:- Addition during year - -
Less:- Utilized during year (0.20) (0.20)
Closing at end of year 1.74 1.94
ii) Security Premium reserve
 Opening Balance 417.85 395.76
 Add:-addition during year 1,249.20 47.39
Less:- Utilized during year - 25.30
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
148
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 136 =====
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Closing at the end of the year 1,667.05 417.85
iii) General Reserve
 Opening balance 93.00 93.00
 Add:- Addition during year - -
Less:- Utilized during year - -
Closing at end of year 93.00 93.00
vi) Money Received against share warrants
 Opening balance 319.96 332.10
 Add:- Addition during year - 36.27
 Less:- issue of equity shares 319.96 48.41
Closing at end of year - 319.96
iv) Other Comprehensive Income
 a) Foreign currency translation reserve
 Opening balance 16.73 22.97
 Add:- Addition during year (57.76) (6.24)
Closing at end of year (41.03) 16.73
 b) Others
 Opening balance 15.40 22.64
 Add:- Addition during year 19.33 (7.24)
Closing at end of year 34.73 15.40
v) Retained Earning
Opening balance 667.61 428.96
Add:- Addition during year 607.61 262.19
1,275.22 691.15
Less:- Appropriations
Interim dividend on equity shares 93.18 11.77
Final dividend on equity shares 13.03 11.77
- -
106.20 23.54
Total 1,169.02 667.61
Grand Total 2,924.51 1,532.49
 Non current liabilities and provisions:-
12 Financial liabilities:-
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Bororrowings:-
Secured
From Banks 84.13 86.17
From Financial Institutions 683.07 22.73
Unsecured
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
149


===== PAGE 137 =====
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
From Banks - 3.23
From Financial Institutions - 1.55
Less: Current Maturities
From Banks (80.32) (166.04)
From others - (1.55)
Total 686.88 (53.91)
Additional Information:-
1) Details Of Security for secured loan:-
 From Bank:-
  Term Loan from ICICI Bank is secured against charge created on the Land and 
Building situated at No 80/2, Lusanne Court, Wellington street, Bangalore,560025 
and the facility is guaranteed by Mr. Rabindra Srikantan (Managing Director) of the 
Company.
(354.05) (65.36)
  Term Loans carries an interest rate of Repo rate + 2.85% and principal is repayable 
in 36 equal installments
  Term Loan from SIDBI secured against hypothecation of movable PPPE and fixed 
deposit amounting to I23.50 million with the said bank. It is guranteed by the Mr. 
Rabindra Srikantan and carries an interest of 9.10% currently which is linked to one 
year MCLR of SIDBI
438.18 151.53
  Loans from financial institutions represent 90 Redeemable, secured, unlisted, 
unrated and transferrable non convertible debentures redeemable at the end of 
13 months from the date of issue and carry an interest of 16% per annuam payable 
on a quarterly basis. These debentures are covered by personal guarantee of Mr. 
Rabindra Srikantan and Corporate guarantee of the Company
- -
  Loan from financial institution carries is repayable in 52 monthly instalments 
excluding 8 months moratorium period and carries an interst of 12.50% p.a., and 
is guranteed by personal guarantee of Mr. Rabindra Srikantan and corporate 
guarantee of the Company.
683.07 22.73
 Unsecured Loans:
  From Kotak Mahindra Bank is repayable in 24 equated monthly instalments of 
I0.48 million per month and it carries an interest of 14.60% per annum
- 3.23
  From Tata Capital is repayable in 18 months of I0.56 million and carries an interest 
of 14.50% per annum
- 1.55
 The Company has used the loan for the purpose for which it was borrowed.
13 Lease Liabilities 
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Lease Liability 95.24 53.67
Total 95.24 53.67
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
150
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 138 =====
14 Provisions   
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Provision for Gratuity 34.90 64.01
Total 34.90 64.01
Current liabilities and provisions:-
15(i) Financial liabilities:-  
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Borrowings
Secured loans:
Loans repayable on demand
 - from banks 358.69 651.33
 - from financial institution - -
Current maturities of the long term borrowings 80.32 167.59
Total 439.01 818.92
 a  Details of security for secured loans from banks:
i)  Hypothecation charge on Receivables and other current assets of the 
company, further lien on SBI mutual Fund scheme “SBI Corporate bond fund 
-regular plan growth“ and SBI mutual fund scheme “SBI short term debt fund 
regular plan growth and secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director.
 358.69  651.33
ii)  Lien on fixed deposits of the Company and charge on SBI mutual Fund 
scheme “SBI Corporate bond fund -regular plan growth“ and on SBI mutual 
fund scheme “SBI short term debt fund regular plan growth and secured by 
personal guarantee of Managing Director.
 b  Interest rate:
  I Secured loans from banks:
  i)  Cash credit facility from state Bank of India repayable on demand and carries an interest rate of MCLR + 2%
 c Working capital facilities has been used for the operations for the Company
 d Differences in stock statement furnished to bank and books of accounts :
Name of the 
Bank Month
Particulars 
of securities 
offered
Amount as 
per books
Amount 
reported as 
per monthly 
statements
Difference Reason for Material Discrepancies
State Bank of 
India
Jun-25 Current Assets-
Book debts
1687.82 1261.04 426.78 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank of 
India
Sep-25 Current Assets-
Book debts
903.17 1062.37 -159.2 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank of 
India
Dec-25 Current Assets-
Book debts
634.45 912.12 -277.67 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank of 
India
Mar-26 Current Assets-
Book debts
991.79 1082.6 -90.81 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
151


===== PAGE 139 =====
Name of the 
Bank Month
Particulars 
of securities 
offered
Amount as 
per books
Amount 
reported as 
per monthly 
statements
Difference Reason for Material Discrepancies
State Bank of 
India
Jun-24 Current Assets-
Book debts
247.19 362.2 -115.01 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank of 
India
Sep-24 Current Assets-
Book debts
284.15 330.9 -46.75 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank of 
India
Dec-24 Current Assets-
Book debts
372.11 361.78 10.33 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
State Bank of 
India
Mar-25 Current Assets-
Book debts
599.16 560.38 38.78 The difference is due to subsequent 
unbilled revenue reversals
(ii) Lease Liabilities  
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Lease Liabilities 55.69 43.90
Total 55.69 43.90
(iii) Trade Payables:-
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Trade payables
- Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises (refer note-31) 16.92 17.38
- Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises 263.57 191.94
Total 280.49 209.32
 Trade Payables Ageing Schedule :
(I In Millions)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
MSME Others MSME Others
(a)  O/s for the following periods from due  
date of payment
 Unbilled
 Less than 1 Year 16.92 262.78 17.38 191.93
 1 - 2 Years - 0.80 - -
 2 - 3 Years - - 0.01
 More than 3 Years - - -
Total 16.92 263.58 17.38 191.94
 (b) All the dues payable to MSME creditors are outstanding for less than 45 days
 (c) There are no disputed Trade Payables
(iv) Other Financial Liability   
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i) Interest Accrued but not due 3.80 0.26
ii) unclaimed dividend 12.19 8.46
Total 15.99 8.72
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
152
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 140 =====
1 6 (i) Other Current liabilities 
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i) Statutory dues 64.01 42.64
ii) Employee Benefit Expenses 37.05 15.90
iii) Capital Creditors 56.00 -
iv) Other liabilities 61.15 30.20
Total 218.21 88.74
(ii) Provisions
(I In Millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
i) Provision for tax (Net of Advance payment of tax) 68.93 -
ii) Leave Encashment 25.10 18.73
iii) Provision for Warranty 38.32 -
Total 132.35 18.73
17 Revenue from operations  
(I In Millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Sale of services 2,099.23 2,108.48
Sale of goods 3,185.94 779.62
Total 5,285.17 2,888.10
17.1 Disaggregated Revenue Information:
 Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company’s revenue from contracts with customers by timing of transfer of services:
(I In Millions)
Revenue from contracts with customers Current Year Previous Year
Geographical location
- Sale of services
 - In India 1,520.20 1,498.20
 - Outside India 919.37 610.28
- Sale of goods
 - In India 2,710.27 677.94
 - Outside India 135.33 101.68
5,285.17 2,888.10
17.2 Contract balances:
(I In Millions)
Contract assets: Current Year Previous Year
Trade Receivables 894.25 908.50
Unbilled Revenue 262.92 382.98
1,157.17 1,291.48
Contract liabilities - -
Advance from customers -
 Trade receivables are generally on credit terms as agreed with respective customers.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
153


===== PAGE 141 =====
 Unbilled revenue is recognised on completion of performance obligation pending generation of Invoice.
 There on pending performance obligation post completion of the sale.
18 Other income  
(I In Millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Interest on bank deposits 20.31 41.36
b) Dividend income 3.17 0.08
c) Gain or loss on mutual fund/investment including fair value gain 23.99 9.33
d) Miscellenous income (includes export incentives) 3.12 4.72
e) Interest on IT Refund 2.60 -
g) Interest Income Under IND AS 2.82 1.38
h) Profit on Sale of PPE - 12.61
i) Exchange fluctuation gain 23.47 -
j) Excess Provision Written back 0.44 18.62
Total 79.92 88.10
19 Cost of raw materials, components and stores consumed
(I In Millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Consumption of raw materials 1,753.71 598.91
Total 1,753.71 598.91
20 Changes in inventories  
(I In Millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Stock at the end of the year 696.30 188.38
Stock at the beginning of the year 188.38 45.29
(Increase)/ Decrease during the year (507.92) (143.09)
21 Employee Benefit Expenses
(I In Millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Salaries and wages 1,958.36 1,411.45
b) Contribution to:
 - Provident fund 87.69 66.30
 - ESI 0.07 0.16
c) Gratuity (refer note 26) 25.74 17.11
d) Leave Encashment 5.97 5.35
e) Staff welfare expenses 59.20 24.89
Total 2,137.03 1,525.26
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
154
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 142 =====
22 Finance Cost
(I In Millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Interest on bank borrowing 68.25 98.46
b) Other interest 3.38 4.15
c) Interest expense under IND AS 13.72 9.85
d) Bank Charges 2.92 5.19
Total 88.27 117.65
23 Depreciation and amortization expense   
(I In Millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Depreciation on PPE 139.90 34.42
b)  Amortisation of ROU - 46.90
c) Amortisation of Intagible assets - 17.62
d) Depreciation withdrawn on government grant (0.20) (0.20)
Total 139.70 98.74
24 Other Expenses   
(I In Millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Travelling and conveyance expenses 86.96 74.37
b) Services rendered by business associates and others 298.51 10.38
c) Software, hardware and material costs 19.19 15.68
d) Communication expenses 11.79 28.73
e) Payment to Auditor 3.99 4.01
f ) Legal and Professional fees 197.52 138.64
g) Sitting fees & Commision paid to directors 8.88 1.48
h) Rent 21.52 39.23
i) Repair and Maintenance
 -  Machinery 12.22 12.82
 - Building 12.14 -
j) Power and Fuel 28.11 19.88
k) Advertisement and Business Promotions 24.43 8.63
l) Insurance charges 28.02 12.54
m) Membership & subscription 25.91 16.27
n) Office Maintenance 27.70 22.32
o) Printing & stationary 3.34 2.18
p) Rates & Taxes 23.79 5.47
q) CSR Expenses 8.36 4.34
r) Miscellenous Expenses 4.26 5.15
s) Loss on sale/ discarding of PPE 2.92 1.46
t) Equipment hire charges 2.64 0.79
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
155


===== PAGE 143 =====
u) Security Charges 8.45 3.39
v) Recruitment Expenses 3.38 -
w) Provision for doubtful debts 27.27 6.21
Total 891.30 433.97
Payments to Statutory Auditors
Audit fee 3.28 4.01
Tax audit fee (other than Statutory Auditors) 0.85 -
25 Earning per Share
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Profit/(Loss) for the year 607.81 250.62
Weighted average number of Equity shares for Basic EPS 1,19,00,195 1,17,75,053
Weighted average number of shares of share warrants - 27,11,535
Weighted average number of Equity shares for dilutive EPS 1,19,00,195 1,44,86,588
Earning per share basic (in I) 51.06 21.28
Earning per share diluted (in I) 51.06 17.30
Face value per equity share (in I)  10.00  10.00 
26  (i) Gratuity and other post-employment benefits
  The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan. The gratuity plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Every 
employee who has completed five years or more of service is entitled to gratuity of 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for 
each completed year of service. The scheme is funded.
  The following tables summarize the components of net benefit expense recognized in the statement of profit and loss and 
amounts recognized in the balance sheet for the gratuity plan:
 Statement of Profit and Loss
 Net employee benefit expenses recognised in the employee cost:
(I In million)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Current service cost 18.72 13.97
Interest cost 4.32 3.14
Net benefit expense 39.16 17.11
 Changes in the fair value of defined benefit obligation are as follows:
(I In million)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Opening defined benefit obligation 80.96 66.15
Current service cost 18.72 13.97
Past service cost 16.12 -
Interest cost 5.73 4.67
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
156
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 144 =====
Liability transferred out/divestments - -
Benefits paid directly by employer - (1.02)
Benefits paid directly from fund (4.91) (6.84)
Remeasurements -
Actuarial loss/(gain) from changes in financial assumptions (1.36) 1.78
Actuarial loss/(gain) from experience over the past period 3.59 2.25
Closing defined benefit obligation 118.85 80.96
 Changes in the fair value of assets are as follows:
(I In million)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Fair value as at the beginning of the year 16.86 22.32
Interest Income 1.50 1.53
Expected return on plan assets 0.30 (0.55)
Actuarial gains - -
Contributions 70.20 0.40
Benefits paid from fund (4.91) (6.84)
Closing fair value of asset 83.95 16.86
 The amounts recognized in the Balance Sheet are as follows:
(I In million)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Present value of the obligation as at the end of the year 118.85 80.96
Fair value of plan assets as at the end of the year (83.95) (16.86)
Net liability/ (asset) recognized in the Balance Sheet 34.90 64.10
  The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity obligations for the Company’s plan are  
shown below:
(I In million)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Discount rate 6.59% 6.54%
Employee turnover 25.00% 25.00%
Salary escalation rate 8.50% 8.50%
Mortality Rate During Employment Indian Assured Lives Mortality 
(2012-14)
  The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion 
and other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market is for the holding company.
 Sensitivity Analysis of significant actuarial assumptions
(I in millions)
 
Particulars
Change in DBO by
As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
157


===== PAGE 145 =====
Discount rate Increases 1% (4.48) (3.25)
Decreases 1% 4.92 3.59
Employee turnover Increases 1% 3.28 (0.82)
Decreases 1% (3.16) 0.85
Salary escalation rate Increases 1% 0.02 3.34
Decreases 1% 0.16 (3.11)
 Description of funding arrangements and funding policy that affect future contributions
 The plan is funded and the status is unlikely to change over the next few years.
 Maturity profile
(I in millions)
Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of Reporting As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
1st following year 18.76 12.24
2nd following year 19.07 11.64
3rd following year 18.14 12.75
4th following year 16.47 11.40
5th following year 15.06 10.08
Sum of years 6 to 10 44.37 29.99
Sum of 11 years and above 34.71 26.89
 Defined contribution plan
  The Company also has defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund in India for employees at the 
rate of 12% of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by 
the government. The obligation of the Company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor 
any constructive obligation. The expense recognised during the period towards defined contribution plan is I 87.69 million 
(Previous Year: I66.30 million)
(I in millions)
Other Information As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Weighted average duration of the projected benefit obligation 5 5
Average expected future service 3 3
(ii) Leave encashment:-
  An actuarial valuation of leave benefits is carried out by an independent actuary. Based on that, the Company is carrying a 
liability of I 25.10 millions (As at March 31, 2025: I18.73 millions).
 Provision for leave encashment:
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
At the beginning of the year 15.63 0.19
Taken over on account of merger - 12.39
Provision made during the year (net) 9.47 3.05
As the end of the year 25.10 15.63
27 Leases
 (i) The following is the movement of lease liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2026
(I In millions)
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
158
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 146 =====
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year 97.56 143.71
On account of fresh leases 100.45 -
Additional lease liability during the year - -
Finance cost accrued during the year 14.51 13.25
Payment of lease liabilities 61.60 59.39
Lease modifications - -
Balance at the end of the year 150.92 97.57
  The Company does not face a liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the 
obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
(ii) Details regarding the contractural maturities of lease liabilities as at March 31, 2026 on undiscounted basis:
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Less than one year 70.56 48.64
One to five years 112.83 65.28
More than five years - -
Total 183.39 113.92
28 Corporate Social Responsibility:
  As per Section 135 of the Act, a company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of its average 
net profit for the immediately preceding three financial years on corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities. The areas 
for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and malnutrition, promoting education, art and culture, promote rural and 
nationally recognised sports, healthcare, destitute care and rehabilitation, environment sustainability, disaster relief and 
rural development projects. A CSR committee has been formed by the Company as per the Act. The funds were primarily 
allocated to a corpus and utilized through the year on these activities which are specified in Schedule VII of the Act.
(I In millions)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
(a) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year 3.92 2.51
(b) Excess/ (short) spent in previous year 1.82 1.30
(c) Amount required to be spent during the year 2.10 1.21
(d) Amount spent during the year towards training in rural sports 8.36 3.03
(e) (Excess)/lower amount spent (c) - (d) (6.26) (1.82)
29 Related Party disclosures
 i) Names of related parties and related party relationship
Name of entity Relationship
Rabindra Srikantan
Directors/ Key Manegerial Persons
Vikram Ravindra Mamidipudi
Muthuswami Lakshminarayan
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Shekar Viswanathan
Preeti Rabindra
Hardik Pradeep Agrawal
ASM HHV Engineering Private Limited Jointly Controlled Entity
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
159


===== PAGE 147 =====
IDS Systems LLP Company in which directors are interested
Narsingh Rathod
 Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP”)Vanishree Kulakarni
Reji Varghese (Upto October 2, 2024)
Susan Varghese (Upto October 2, 2024)
Akhil Rabindra Relatives of DirectorNikhil Rabindra
Nirmala N Rathod Relative of KMP
 ii) Related party transactions
 The following table provides the closing balances of related parties as at the relevant financial year-end:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
ASM HHV Engineering Private Limited
- capital invested during the year 10.00 4.00
Salary advance paid and recovered during the year
Rabindra Srikantan - 109.10
N L Rathod 0.44 -
Amount received towards share warrant -
- Rabindra Srikantan 585.06 36.27
- Preeti R 35.27 -
- Hardik Agarwal 4.41 -
Issue of share capital:
- Rabindra Srikantan 780.67 48.41
- Preeti R 47.07 -
- Hardik Agarwal 5.88 -
IDS Systems LLP
Inter Company Deposit (received)/Paid - -
Share of Profit/ (loss) in Joint Controlled Entity - (50.00)
ASM HHV Private Limited (5.71) (1.02)
 Outstanding as at the end of the year:
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Investment in related parties
ASM HHV Engineering Private Limited 7.15 2.86
 Related party transactions with KMP
Key Managerial 
Personnel: Relationship Nature of transaction Current Year Previous Year
Vikram Ravindra 
Mamidipudi
Director Sitting fees, comission & 
reimbursement of expenses
2.74 2.84
Rabindra Srikantan Managing Director Remuneration 33.72 35.42
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Director Sitting fees & Comission 1.45 0.31
Shekar Viswanathan Director Sitting fees & Comission 1.29 0.26
Muthuswami 
Lakshminarayan
Director Sitting fees, comission & 
reimbursement of expenses
2.26 0.29
Rabindra Preethi Director Sitting fees & Comission 1.53 0.41
Nikhil Rabindra Relative of Director Remuneration 11.68 10.98
Akhil Rabindra Relative of Director Remuneration 29.69 8.35
Narsingh Lashker 
Rathod
Chief Financial Officer Remuneration 2.20 2.89
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
160
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 148 =====
Key Managerial 
Personnel: Relationship Nature of transaction Current Year Previous Year
Vanishree 
Anandmurthy Kulkarni
Company Secretary Remuneration 3.20 2.20
Reji varghese KMP Professional charges - 1.91
Reji varghese KMP Rent paid - 6.56
Amount due to Company:
N Rathod KMP Salary Advance - 0.37
N Rathod KMP Remuneration - 0.02
 Compensation of key managerial personnel
  *The remuneration to the key managerial personnel does not include the provisions made the gratuity and leave benefits, as they are determined 
on an actuarial basis for the Company as a whole.
 Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
  The sales of services to and purchases from related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s 
length transactions.
30 Capital and other commitments
  Company has committed to contribute I80 Million to a venture capital fund out of which I72.50 Million has been paid so far. 
Amount of such capital commitment outstanding as at March 31, 2026 is I 7.50 million (As at March 31, 2025: I17.50 million)
31 Contingent Liabilities
(I In millions)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Service tax claim(company filed appeal against the order)  Nil  41.85 
Showcause notice received from service tax authorities  182.28  182.28 
Income tax under appeal of which the Company has paid an amount of I22.73 million 
under protest
 0.47  -   
 (ii)  During the financial year 2025–26, the Company filed its return of income after incorporating the merger of its wholly 
owned subsidiary, ASM Digital Engineering Private Limited (“ADE”). Subsequently, the Company received an Intimation 
order from the Centralized Processing Centre (CPC) amounting to I 39.02 million, primarily on account of mismatch of  
TDS credit of  I37.38 million pertaining to ADE. The Company has filed an application to the Deputy Commissioner of 
Income Tax requesting rectification of the demand by allowing the TDS credit relating to ADE and thereby nullifying 
the demand raised.
    Based on the merits of the case, management is confident of receiving a favourable order and does not anticipate any 
material liability arising from the said demand.
 (iii)  During the year, the Company has received transfer pricing assessment order for the Assessment Year 2023-24  
for making transfer pricing adjustment of I 13.88 million. The Company is in process of filing appeal in this respect.
32 MSME Disclosure
a) Disclosure required under clause 22 of Micro, Small and Medium Entreprise Development Act, 2006
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at 
the end of each accounting year
16.92 2.13
- Principal amount due to micro and small enterprises 16.92 2.13
- Interest due on above - 0.12
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 2006 
along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day 
during each accounting year.
- -
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
161


===== PAGE 149 =====
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which 
have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the 
interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006.
- -
Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment during the year. - 0.12
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each  
accounting year.
- 0.12
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding years, 
until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise for 
the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section 23 of the  
MSMED Act, 2006.
- ‘
33 Segment reporting
  The Company belives that assets and liabilities used in the business are not identified to any of the reportable segments, 
as these are used interchangeably between segments. Accordingly the same has not been provided.
 For the period ended March 31, 2026
(I in millions)
Particulars
Current Year
Manufacturing Other than Manufacturing
Exports Domestic Exports Domestic
Segment Revenue 135.33 2,710.27 919.37 1,520.20
Segment Expenses 68.23 2,249.52 599.66 1,068.94
Segment Results 67.10 460.75 319.71 451.26
 For the period ended March 31, 2025
(I in millions)
Particulars
Previous Year
Manufacturing Other than Manufacturing
Exports Domestic Exports Domestic
Segment Revenue  101.68  677.94  610.28  1,498.20 
Segment Expenses  61.01  586.42  402.20  1,031.59 
Segment Results  40.67  91.52  208.08  466.61 
 Significant Clients
 The Company’s 39.4% of revenue is derived from two customers (Previous year: 42.4% of revenue from one customers).
 Product-wise Information
 Company provides single service and hence no product-wise information is necessary to be given.
34 Financial ratios
a.  Ratio Current Ratio
 Numerator  Current Assets
 Denominator  Current Liabilities
Ratios/ Measures As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Current Assets (A) 2,981.25 1,813.75
Current Liabilities (B) 1,141.74 1,188.33
Current Ratio (C) =(A) / (B) 2.61 1.53
%Change from previous year 71.08%
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
162
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 150 =====
 During the year current assets have increased due to issue of shares
b. Ratio  Debt Equity Ratio
 Numerator   Total Debt [represents current and non-current borrowings]
 Denominator  Shareholders’ equity [represents total equity]
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Total debt (A)  1,276.82  862.58 
Shareholder’s equity (B)  3,070.41  1,651.27 
Debt equity ratio (C ) = (A) / (B)  0.42  0.52 
%Change from previous year -20.39%
c.  Ratio Debt service coverage ratio
 Numerator  Earnings available for debt service
 Denominator  Debt service
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax for the year (A) 607.81 250.62
Add: Non cash operating expenses and finance cost
 Depreciation and Amortisation expense (B) 139.70 98.74
 Finance costs (C) 88.27 117.65
Earnings available for debt services (D) = (A)+(B)+(C ) 835.58 467.01
Finance costs (E) 88.27 117.65
Repayment of non-current borrowings (F) 157.63 91.98
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities (G) 71.06 62.77
Debt service (H) = (E ) + (F) + (G) 316.96 272.40
Debt service coverage ratio (I) = (D ) /(H) 2.64 1.71
%Change from previous year 53.77%
 *Due to increase in profits during year, repayment of borrowings the debt service coverage ratio is increased.  
d.  Ratio Return on equity [%]
 Numerator  Restated loss after tax
 Denominator  Average Shareholder’s Equity
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax for the year (A) 569.19 237.14
Closing shareholder’s equity (B) 3,070.41 1,651.27
Average shareholder’s equity [(opening + closing) /2] (C) 2,360.84 1,025.51
Return on equity [%] (D) = (A)/(C )*100 24.11% 23.12%
%Change from previous year 4%
 *Profit after tax has substantially increased as compared to preivous year
e.  Ratio Inventory turnover ratio
 Numerator  Cost of goods sold
 Denominator  Average inventory
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
163


===== PAGE 151 =====
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Cost of goods sold (A) 1,245.79 455.82
Closing Inventory (B) 696.30 188.38
Average inventory [(opening + closing) /2] (C ) 442.34 140.89
Inventory turnover ratio (D) = (A)/(C ) 2.82 3.24
%Change from previous year -12.95%
f.  Ratio Trade receivables turnover ratio
 Numerator  Revenue from operations
 Denominator  Average trade receivables
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Revenue from operations (A)  5,285.17  2,888.10 
Closing Trade Receivables  1,157.17  1,291.48 
Average Trade Receivables [(opening + closing) /2] (B)  1,224.33  930.26 
Trade receivables turnover ratio (C ) = (A) / (B)  4.32  3.10 
%Change from previous year 39.04%
 Ratio has increased mainly on account of increase in operations and increase in average trade receivables.
g.  Ratio Trade payables turnover ratio
 Numerator  Total purchases
 Denominator  Average trade payables
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Total purchases* (A)  1,753.71  598.91 
Closing Trade Payables  280.49  209.32 
Average Trade Payables [(opening + closing) /2] (B)  244.91  149.19 
Trade payables turnover ratio (C) = (A) / (B)  7.16  4.01 
%Change from previous year 78.37%
 Increase in the operations leading to increase in trade payables
h.  Ratio Net capital turnover ratio
 Numerator  Revenue from operations
 Denominator  Working capital
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Revenue from operations (A)  5,285.17  2,888.10 
Working Capital (Current Assets - Current Liabilities) (B)  1,839.51  625.42 
Net capital turnover ratio (C ) = (A)/ (B)  2.87  4.62 
%Change from previous year -37.78%
 *Revenue from operations has substantially increase during the year.
i.  Ratio Net profit ratio [%]
 Numerator  Profit after tax
 Denominator  Revenue from operations
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
164
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 152 =====
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax for the year (A) 607.61  250.62 
Revenue from operations (B)  5,285.17  2,888.10 
Net profit [%] (C ) = (A) / (B)*100 11.50% 8.68%
%Change from previous year 32.48%
 Due to increase in profit and revenue from operations as compared ot previous year
j.  Ratio Return on capital employed [%]
 Numerator  Earning before interest and taxes
 Denominator  Capital Employed (Total equity, Total borrowings and Total lease liabilities)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Profit after tax for the year (A)  607.81  250.62 
Adjustments
        Add: Total tax expense (B)  233.56  90.62 
        Add: Finance costs (C)  88.27  117.65 
Earnings before interest and tax (D) = (A) + (B) + (C) 929.44  458.89 
Total equity (E)  3,070.41  1,651.27 
Current and Non-current borrowing (F)  1,125.89  765.01 
Current and Non-current lease liability (G)  150.93  97.57 
Capital Employed (H) = (E) + (F) + (G)  4,347.23  2,513.85 
Return on capital employed [%] (I) = (D) / (H)*100 21.38% 18.25%
%Change from previous year 17.12%
k.  Ratio Return on investment [%]
 Numerator   Interest income on fixed deposits + Profit on sale of investments + Income of investments - 
Impairment on value of invesment
 Denominator  Current investment + Non current investments + Fixed deposits with bank
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Interest income on fixed deposits (A)  20.31  41.36 
Income of investments (B)  -    -   
Profit on sale of investments (C)  23.99  9.33 
Dividend income (D)  3.17  0.08 
Gain/ loss on value of investments (E)  (0.27)  14.72 
Net return on investments (F) = (A)+(B)+(C)+(D)+(E)  47.20  65.49 
Current investment (G)  679.57  123.83 
Non current investments (H)  203.17  167.13 
Fixed deposits with bank (I)  216.06  62.84 
Capital Employed (J) = (G) + (H) + (F)  1,099  354 
Return on investment  [%] (J ) = (E) / (I)*100 4.30% 18.51%
%Change from previous year -76.79%
  *Return on investment has reduced as compared to previous year
35 Income taxes
 The major components of income tax expense for the years ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025 are:
 Statement of profit and loss:
 Profit or loss section
(I In million)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
165


===== PAGE 153 =====
Current income tax:
Income tax 207.65 81.08
Deferred tax:
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences 25.91 6.98
Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit or loss 233.56 88.06
OCI section
Deferred tax related to items recognised in OCI during the year: (3.48) 0.77
Income tax charged to OCI (3.48) 0.77
  Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by India’s domestic tax rate for 
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Accounting profit before income tax of holding company and indian subsidiaries 846.88 342.26
Enacted income tax rate in India 25.17% 25.17%
Tax at the applicable tax rate of 25.17 % (March 31, 2025: 25.17%) 213.16 86.15
Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes:
Inadmissable expenses 12.85 (3.07)
Temporary differences not considered for current tax calculation (net of amounts 
recognised in other comprehensive income)
(8.33) (0.88)
Provision for tax relating to prior years - 2.56
Others
Provision for tax of foreign entities (10.08) (3.68)
At the effective income tax rate of 25.168% (March 31, 2020: 25.168%) - Income 
tax expense recorded in the books
207.60 81.08
36 Financial risk management objectives and policies
  The Company’s principal financial liabilities comprise of trade and other payables. The main purpose of these financial 
liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations to support its operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include 
trade and other receivables, rental and bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents, that derive directly from its operations. 
The Company is exposed to credit and liquidity risk. The Company’s senior management oversees the management of these 
risks and the Board of Director’s reviews these activities.
 i. Market Risk
  Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument would fluctuate due to changes in 
market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk, such as equity 
price risk and commodity risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include trade payables. The Company is not 
exposed to price risk on the financial date.
  The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the positions as at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025.
  The analysis exclude the impact of movements in market variables on: the carrying values of gratuity and other post-
retirement obligations and provisions.
  The following assumption has been made in calculating sensitivity analyses:
  The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This is based 
on the financial assets and financial liabilities held at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
166
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 154 =====
 a. Foreign currency risk
   Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The operations of the Company are both in India and overseas. Company has been providing 
services to overseas customers. Hence, the Company is currently exposed to the currency risk arising from fluctuation 
of these foreign currencies and Indian rupee exchange rates.
  The following table presents foreign currency risk for the below financial liabilities:
As at March 31, 2026 Transaction currency
Particulars Currency Amount Total
Assets:
Trade receivables GBP 2.52 2.52
Trade receivables USD 137.20 137.20
Trade receivables Euro 0.23
Trade Payables JPY 0.73
Trade Payables EUR 0.30
Total 140.97 139.72
(I In millions)
As at March 31, 2025 Transaction currency
Particulars Currency Amount Total
Assets:
Trade receivables GBP 0.61 0.61
Trade receivables USD 22.54 22.54
Total 23.15 23.15
  Foreign currency sensitivity
Particulars Change in 
USD rates
Effect on  
profit before 
tax (Decrease)/
Increase
Effect on  
pre-tax equity  
(Decrease)/
Increase
March 31, 2026 1% 1.41 1.41
-1% (1.41) (1.41)
March 31, 2025 1% 0.23 0.23
-1% (0.23) (0.23)
ii. Credit risk
  Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, 
leading to a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables). 
At the end of every financial year, the Company makes an assessment whether any loss allowance has to be provided for 
using the lifetime Expected Credit Loss (ECL) method.
iii. Liquidity Risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company 
manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities 
when due.
 The Company’s board of directors are responsible for liquidity, funding as well as settlement management.
 The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Borrowings 439.01 818.92
Lease liabilities 55.69 43.90
Trade payables 280.49 209.32
Other financial liabilities 15.99 8.72
Total 791.18 1,080.86
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
167


===== PAGE 155 =====
Particulars
As at March  
31, 2026 more  
than 1 year less  
than 5 years
As at March  
31, 2025 more 
than 1 year less 
than 5 years
Borrowings 686.88 (53.91)
Lease liabilities 95.24 53.67
Total 782.12 (0.24)
37 Financial Instruments
 The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
 Financial Assets
Particulars
Carrying value Fair value
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Cost
Investments in subsidiaries - -
Amortised Cost
Loans 39.61 32.15 39.61 32.15
Trade receivables 1,157.17 1,291.48 1,157.17 1,291.48
Cash and cash equivalents 291.56 131.64 291.56 131.64
Other assets 25.35 1.82 25.35 1.82
Fair value through Profit and Loss
Investments 679.57 123.83 679.57 123.83
Fair value through Other 
Comprehensive Income
Investments 203.17 167.13 203.17 167.13
Total Assets 2,396.43 1,748.05 2,396.43 1,748.05
 Financial Liabilities
Particulars
Carrying value as at Fair value as at
As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2026
As at  
March 31, 2025
Amortised Cost
Loans and borrowings 1,125.89 765.01 1,125.89 765.01
Lease liability 55.69 43.90 55.69 43.90
Trade payables 280.49 209.32 280.49 209.32
Other liabilities 15.99 8.72 15.99 8.72
Total Liabilities 1,478.06 1,026.95 1,478.06 1,026.95
 Fair Value Hierarchy
Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2026:
Particulars Amount in 
millions
Fair value measurement at end of reporting year
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Loans: Security deposits (at amortised cost) 39.61 - - 39.61
Investments (at fair value) 882.74 679.57 183.37 19.80
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
168
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 156 =====
 The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2025:
Particulars Amount in 
millions
Fair value measurement at end of reporting year
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Loans: Security deposits (at amortised cost) 32.15 - - 32.15
Investments (at fair value) 290.96 123.83 151.62 15.51
38 Capital Management
  For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity holders and long-term and short-term borrowings. The primary objective of the Company’s capital 
management is to maximise the shareholder’s value.
 The capital structure is as follows: 
(Amount in millions)
Particulars
Current year Previous year
Amount Percentage of 
total capital Amount Percentage of 
total capital
Total equity attributable to the equity share holders 
of the Company
3,070.41 73.17% 1,651.27 68.34%
Non-current Borrowings 686.88 16.37% (53.91) -2.23%
Short-term borrowings 439.01 10.46% 818.92 33.89%
Total 4,196.30 100.00% 2,416.28 100.00%
  The Company is predominantly equity financed which is evident from the capital structure table. Further, the Company has always been a net cash 
Company with cash and bank balances along with current financial assets which is predominantly receivables.
39  The Company is in the process of making up to date documentation in pursuance of the Transfer Pricing study relating to 
international transaction with Associated Enterprises for the year as required under the Income-tax Act, 1961. According 
to the Company and based on the advice of its counsel the Company believes that the profit margins are comparable to 
available market data and consequently no adjustments are required to these financial statements in respect of the same 
notwithstanding the draft assessment order referred above.
40  No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or 
kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with 
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest in party identified 
by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Company has not received any fund from any party(s) (Funding 
Party) with the understanding that the Company shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
41   On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified four new labour codes, subsuming 29 existing labour laws. The Ministry of 
Labour and Employment has also issued FAQs to assist in assessing the financial implications arising from these regulatory changes. 
Based on which, the Company has evaluated the impact and recognized the incremental effect as an exceptional item, 
supported by an independent actuarial valuation report. Further, the Company has obtained a legal opinion regarding the 
treatment of special allowance as reimbursement of special expenses. In line with this opinion, the actuarial valuation has 
been carried out considering 50% of the Cost to Company (CTC) which is eligible for computation of Gratuity provision.
42 Dividends:
 i)  The Board of directors of the Company have proposed final dividend of I12/- (Previous Year: I3/-) per equity share 
of I10/- fully paid up for the year ended March 31, 2026 which is subject to approval of the members in the ensuing 
annual general meeting.
 ii)  The Board of Directors of the Company have paid an interim dividedn of I4.50 per equity share of I10/- each fully paid 
up during the year.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
169


===== PAGE 157 =====
43  Dividends:
 i)  The Board of directors of the Company have proposed final dividend of I 12/- (Previous Year: I 3/-) per equity share 
of I10/- fully paid up for the year ended March 31, 2026 which is subject to approval of the members in the ensuing 
annual general meeting.
 ii)  The Board of Directors of the Company have paid an interim dividedn of I 4.50 per equity share of  I10/- each fully paid 
up during the year.
44 Changes in Presentation due to re-grouping of Previous Years’ Figures  
Particulars Note no As at  
March 31, 2025
As per  
signed PY Differences Reasons
ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
 (f )  Other non-current 
assets
6  13.70  10.72  2.98 Regrouping between 
current assets and  
current liabilities due  
to grossing up
(2) Current assets
 (c) Other current assets 9  76.32  42.54  33.78 Regrouping between 
current assets and  
current liabilities due  
to grossing up
TOTAL IMPACT ON ASSETS  257.15  220.38  36.76 
LIABILITIES
(1) Non-current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 12  (53.91)  97.62  (151.53) Regrouping from non-
current to current liabilities
(2) Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 15(i)  818.92  667.39  151.53 Regrouping from non-
current to current liabilities
 (iii) Trade payables 15(iiii)
  (A)  total outstanding 
dues of micro and 
small enterprises
 17.38  2.13  15.25 Regrouping between 
current assets and  
current liabilities due  
to grossing up
  (B)  total outstanding 
dues of creditors 
other than 
micro and small 
enterprises
 191.94  170.43  21.51 Regrouping between 
current assets and  
current liabilities due  
to grossing up
TOTAL IMPACT ON 
LIABILITIES
 974.34  937.57  36.76 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
170
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026

===== PAGE 158 =====
45 Statutory Group Information
Name of the entity
Net Assets, i.e., total assets  
minus total liabilities Share in profit and loss Share in other Comprehensive 
income
Share in total Comprehensive 
income
As % of 
consolidated  
net assets
K In million
As % of 
consolidated  
Profit & Loss
K In million
As % of 
consolidated  
OCI
K In million
As % of 
consolidated 
Total 
Comprehensive 
Income
K In million
Parent
ASM Technologies Limited
Balance as at 31 March, 2026 104.48% 3207.90 105.15%  638.90 98.80% (37.96) 105.58% 600.94
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 116.66% 1926.39 91.51%  229.33 69.51% (9.37) 92.76% 219.96
Subsidiaries
1 ASM Digital Technologies INC
Balance as at March 31, 2026 -6.84% (209.96) 3.24% 19.68 0.00% 0.00 3.46% 19.68
Balance as at March 31, 2025 -11.00% (181.64) 2.66% 6.67 33.23% (4.48) 0.92% 2.19
2 ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd
Balance as at March 31, 2026 -0.76% (23.32) -0.78% (4.72) 0.00% -0.83% (4.72)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 -0.96% (15.93) 7.00% 17.54 0.00% 0.00 7.40% 17.54
3 R V Forms & Gears LLP
Balance as at March 31, 2026 2.71% 83.25 -6.95% (42.21) 1.20% (0.46) -7.50% (42.67)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 -4.49% (74.07) 1.82% 4.56 -2.74% 0.37 2.08% 4.93
4 ASM Technologies KK, Japan
Balance as at March 31, 2026 -0.29% (8.87) -0.14% (0.85) 0.00% 0.00 -0.15% (0.85)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 -1.27% (20.96) -0.10% (0.24) 0.00% 0.00 -0.10% (0.24)
5 ASM Digital Technologies Co Ltd-
Thailand
Balance as at March 31, 2026 -0.01% (0.41) 0.05% 0.31 0.00% 0.00 0.06% 0.31
Balance as at March 31, 2025 -0.01% (0.09) 0.00% 0.00 0.00% 0.00 0.00% 0.00
6 ASM Engineering Pvt Limited, UK 
(w.e.f November 1, 2023)
(including ASM Digital Engineering 
Pvt Ltd,UK)
Balance as at March 31, 2026 0.48% 14.66 0.36% 2.20 0.00% 0.00 0.39% 2.20
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the ended March 31, 2026
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
171


===== PAGE 159 =====
Name of the entity
Net Assets, i.e., total assets  
minus total liabilities Share in profit and loss Share in other Comprehensive 
income
Share in total Comprehensive 
income
As % of 
consolidated  
net assets
K In million
As % of 
consolidated  
Profit & Loss
K In million
As % of 
consolidated  
OCI
K In million
As % of 
consolidated 
Total 
Comprehensive 
Income
K In million
Balance as at March 31, 2025 0.89% 14.70 2.15% 5.40 0.00% 0.00 2.28% 5.40
Non-controlling interests in 
all subsidiaries
Balance as at March 31, 2026 0.00% 0.01 0.00% 0.00 0.00%  -   0.00% 0.00
Balance as at March 31, 2025 0.00% 0.01 -4.64% (11.62) 0.00% 0.00 -4.90% (11.62)
Share of profit or loss from 
joint venture
Balance as at March 31, 2026 0.23%  7.15 -0.94% (5.71) 0.00% 0.00 -1.00% (5.71)
Balance as at March 31, 2025 0.17% 2.86 -0.41% (1.02) 0.00% 0.00 -0.43% (1.02)
Total
Balance as at March 31, 2026 100.00%  3,070.41 100.00%  607.61 100.00%  (38.42) 100.00%  569.19 
Balance as at March 31, 2025 100.00%  1,651.27 100.00%  250.62 100.00%  (13.48) 100.00%  237.14 
In Accordance with our Report Attached For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP ASM Technologies Limited
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki H S) M R Vikram Rabindra Srikantan M Lakshminarayan
Partner Chairman Managing Director Director
Membership No.: 212013 DIN- 00008241 DIN- 00024584 DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Preeti R Hardik Agarwal Director
Director Director DIN- 10580697
DIN- 02608916 DIN- 00216818
Place: Bangalore Narsingh Rathod Vanishree Kulkarni
Date: May 9, 2026 Chief Financial Officer Company Secretary
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the ended March 31, 2026
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
172

===== PAGE 160 =====
Notice is hereby given that the 34th Annual General Meeting of 
the members of ASM Technologies Limited (“the Company”) 
will be held on Wednesday, August 5, 2026 at 4.00 pm IST 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means 
(“OAVM”) to transact the following businesses:
ORDINARY BUSINESSES:
1.  Adoption of Financial Statements and Reports of the 
Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon.
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution, with or without modification(s), as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT the Audited Financial Statements 
(including audited consolidated financial statements) of 
the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 
and the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors 
thereon laid before this meeting, be and are hereby 
considered and adopted.”
2.  Declaration of Dividend
  To declare a final dividend of I12.00/- per equity share for 
the financial year ended March 31, 2026.
3.  Appointment of Director
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution, with or without modification(s), as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
152 of the Companies Act, 2013, Ms. Preeti Rabindra  
(DIN:00216818), who retires by rotation at this meeting 
and being eligible has offered herself for re-appointment, 
be and is hereby appointed as a Director of the Company, 
liable to retire by rotation.”
SPECIAL BUSINESSES
4.  Approval to raise capital by way of public or 
private offering including through a Qualified 
Institutions Placement (“QIP”) to eligible 
investors through an issuance of equity shares 
or other eligible securities for an amount 
aggregating up to INR  500/- Crores (Five 
Hundred Crores Only):
  To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following 
Resolution as a Special Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
23, 42, 62(1)(c), 71, 179 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’), the Companies 
(Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 
and other rules and regulations framed thereunder 
(including any amendments, statutory modification(s) 
and/ or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in 
force), the relevant provisions of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (including any 
amendment, modification, variation or re-enactment 
thereof) (the ‘SEBI ICDR Regulations’) and the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of 
Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021 and in 
accordance with the provisions of the Memorandum of 
Association and Articles of Association of the Company, 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations’), each as amended, 
to the extent applicable, the listing agreement(s) 
entered into by the Company with BSE Limited, where 
the equity shares having a face value of ₹10 each of the 
Company (the ‘Equity Shares’) are listed, and the listing 
agreement(s) proposed to be entered into with National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited, where the Equity 
Shares are proposed to be listed (collectively, the ‘Stock 
Exchanges’), the provisions of the Foreign Exchange 
Management Act, 1999, including any amendments, 
statutory modification(s) and/ or re-enactment(s) thereof 
(the ‘FEMA’), the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-
debt Instruments) Rules, 2019, and the Foreign Exchange 
Management (Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019, as 
amended, the current Consolidated FDI Policy issued by 
the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal 
Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government 
of India (the ‘GOI’), and all other applicable statutes, 
rules, regulations, guidelines, notifications, circulars and 
clarifications as may be applicable as amended from time 
to time, issued by the GOI, Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(the ‘MCA’), the Reserve Bank of India (the ‘RBI’), Stock 
Exchanges, the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(the ‘SEBI’), the Registrar of Companies (the ‘RoC’) and/ 
or any other regulatory/ statutory authorities, in India 
or abroad from time to time, to the extent applicable 
and subject to such approvals, permits, consents and 
sanctions of any regulatory/ statutory authorities and 
guidelines and clarifications issued thereon from time to 
time and subject to such conditions and modifications 
as may be prescribed by any of them while granting 
such approvals, permissions, consents and sanctions, 
which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of 
the Company (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Board’ 
which term shall be deemed to include any committee 
(a “Committee”) of the Board duly constituted by it to 
exercise its powers including powers conferred under 
this Resolution) and subject to any other alterations, 
modifications, conditions, changes and variations that 
may be decided by the Board in its absolute discretion, 
the consent of the members be and is hereby accorded to 
the Board to create, offer, issue and allot, such number of 
Equity Shares, and / or other securities including securities 
convertible into Equity Shares including warrants or fully 
convertible debentures, partly convertible debentures, 
non-convertible debentures along with warrants, or 
convertible preference shares(hereinafter referred to as 
‘Securities’), or any combination thereof, in one or more 
Notice
Notice
173


===== PAGE 161 =====
tranches, in terms of the applicable regulations and as 
permitted under the applicable laws, in such manner and 
in consultation with the book running lead manager(s) ( 
the ‘BRLM(s)’) and/or other advisor(s) or otherwise, for 
an aggregate amount up to INR 500/-  Crores (Rupees  
Five Hundred Crores Only) or an equivalent amount 
thereof (inclusive of such premium as may be fixed 
on such Securities) at such price or prices as may be 
permissible under applicable law by way of further 
public issue, rights issue, preferential allotment, private 
placement, including Qualified Institutions Placement(s) 
(‘QIP’) in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 
VI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, or through any other 
permissible mode and/or combination thereof as may be 
considered appropriate under applicable law in one or 
more tranches, to such investors that may be permitted 
to invest in such issuance of Securities, including eligible 
Qualified Institutional Buyers (‘QIBs’) (as defined in 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations), foreign/resident investors 
(whether institutions, incorporated bodies, mutual 
funds, individuals or otherwise), venture capital funds 
(foreign or Indian), alternate investment funds, foreign 
portfolio investors, qualified foreign investors, Indian 
and/ or multilateral financial institutions, mutual funds, 
insurance companies, non resident Indians, stabilizing 
agents pension funds and/or any other categories of 
investors, whether or not such investors are members of 
the Company, to all or any of them, jointly or severally 
through an offer document/ placement document and/
or other letter or circular as may be deemed appropriate, 
in the sole discretion by the Board in such manner and on 
terms and conditions, including the terms of the issuance, 
security, fixing of record date, and at such price, whether 
at prevailing market price(s) or at a premium or discount 
to market price as may be permitted under applicable 
law and/or as may be permitted by the relevant 
regulatory / statutory authority, with authority to retain 
oversubscription up to such percentage as may be 
permitted under applicable regulations, in such manner 
and on such terms as may be deemed appropriate 
by the Board at its absolute discretion (the ‘Issue’) at 
the time of such issue and allotment considering the 
prevailing market conditions and other relevant factors 
in consultation with the BRLM(s) and/ or underwriter(s) 
and/ or other advisor(s) to be appointed by the Company 
for such issue and without requiring any further approval 
or consent from the shareholders.
  RESOLVED FURTHER  THAT pursuant to the above-
mentioned issuance: a) the Securities proposed to be 
issued, offered and allotted shall be fully paid up and in 
dematerialized form and shall be subject to the provisions 
of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Company, the Companies Act and other applicable 
laws; b) the Equity Shares proposed to be issued by the 
Company or allotted upon conversion of the eligible 
Securities shall rank pari-passu with the existing 
Equity Shares of the Company in all respects including 
entitlement to dividend and voting rights, if any, from 
the date of allotment thereof, and shall be subject to the 
requirements of all applicable laws and provisions of the 
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, 
as applicable; and c)  in accordance with the provisions of 
Regulation 176(4) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the issue 
price of the Securities shall be subject to appropriate 
adjustments, if the Company: (i) makes an issue of equity 
shares by way of capitalization of profits or reserves, other 
than by way of a dividend on shares; (ii) makes a rights 
issue of equity shares; (iii) consolidates its outstanding 
equity shares into a smaller number of shares; (iv) divides 
its outstanding equity shares including by way of stock 
split; (v) re-classifies any of its equity shares into other 
securities of the Company; or (vi) is involved in such other 
similar events or circumstances, which in the opinion of 
the concerned stock exchange, requires adjustments; 
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in addition to the above, 
in the event the issue and allotment of Securities is 
undertaken by way of a QIP in terms of Chapter VI of 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations (hereinafter referred to as 
“Eligible Securities” within the meaning of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations): 
  a)  the allotment of Eligible Securities shall only be to 
Qualified Institutional Buyers (‘QIBs’) as defined in 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations; 
  b)  the allotment of the Eligible Securities, or any 
combination of Eligible Securities as may be 
decided by the Board shall be completed within 
a period of 365 days from the date of passing of 
this Special Resolution by the shareholders of the 
Company or such other time as may be allowed 
under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, Companies Act, 
and/ or applicable and relevant laws/ guidelines, 
from time to time; 
  c)  the Eligible Securities allotted shall not be eligible to 
be sold by the allottee for a period of one year from 
the date of allotment, except on a recognised stock 
exchange, or except as may be permitted from time 
to time under the SEBI ICDR Regulations;
   d)  no single allottee shall be allotted more than 50% of 
the issue size and the minimum number of allottees 
shall be as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations; 
  e)  the Eligible Securities to be issued shall be listed 
with the stock exchanges, where the existing 
securities of the Company are listed; 
  f)  the tenure of the convertible Eligible Securities 
issued through QIP shall not exceed 60 months or 
such other period permitted under law, from the 
date of allotment; 
  g)  minimum of 10% of the Eligible Securities shall be 
allotted to mutual funds and if mutual funds do not 
subscribe to the aforesaid minimum percentage 
or part thereof, such minimum portion may be 
allotted to other QIBs, in accordance with the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations; 
  h)  the ‘relevant date’ for the purpose of pricing of the 
Eligible Securities to be issued and allotted in the 
proposed QIP shall be the date of the meeting in 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
174

===== PAGE 162 =====
which the Board or any Committee decides to open 
the QIP of Equity Shares; 
  i)  in the event that eligible convertible securities 
and/ or warrants which are convertible into Equity 
Shares of the Company are issued along with non-
convertible instruments to QIBs under Chapter VI of 
the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the relevant date for the 
purpose of pricing of such securities, shall be the 
date of the meeting in which the Board decides to 
open the issue of such convertible securities and/ 
or warrants simultaneously with non-convertible 
instruments or the date on which the holders of 
such convertible securities become entitled to 
apply for Equity Shares;
  j)  any issue of Eligible Securities shall be at such 
price which is not less than the price determined 
in accordance with the applicable provisions of 
Regulation 176 provided under Chapter VI of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations and applicable law (the “QIP 
Floor Price”). The Board or a Committee may in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with applicable 
law and in consultation with the lead managers 
appointed for the QIP , may also offer a discount of 
not more than 5% or such percentage as permitted 
under applicable law on the QIP Floor Price;
   k)  no allotment shall be made, either directly or 
indirectly, to any person who is a promoter or any 
person related to promoters in terms of the SEBI 
ICDR Regulations; 
  l)  the Company shall not undertake any subsequent 
QIP until the expiry of two weeks or such other time 
as may be prescribed in the SEBI ICDR Regulations, 
from the date of the prior QIP made pursuant to one 
or more Special Resolution(s); 
  m)  a credit rating agency registered with SEBI will 
monitor the use of proceeds and submit its report 
in the specified format of Schedule XI of SEBI ICDR 
Regulations on quarterly basis till 100% of the 
proceeds have been utilized; and
  n)  no allotment shall be made, either directly or 
indirectly to any QIBs who is a promoter or any 
person related to promoters in terms of SEBI 
ICDR Regulations.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect 
to any offer, issue or allotment of Securities or Equity 
Shares on conversion of Securities, the Board be and is 
hereby authorised on behalf of the Company to seek 
listing of any or all of such Securities or Equity Shares as 
the case may be, on one or more Stock Exchanges.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  in case of issue and 
allotment of securities, if any, made to FPIs, NRIs and/ or 
eligible foreign investors be subject to approval of RBI (if 
any) under the FEMA as may be applicable but within the 
overall limits set forth under FEMA.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board shall have the 
authority and power to accept any modification in the 
proposal as may be required or imposed by SEBI/ Stock 
Exchanges where the Equity Shares are listed or such 
other appropriate authorities at the time of according/
granting their approvals to issue, allotment and listing 
thereof and as agreed to by the Board.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  without prejudice to the 
generality of the above, subject to applicable laws and 
subject to approval, consents, permissions, if any, of any 
governmental body, authority or regulatory institution 
including any conditions as may be prescribed in granting 
such approval or permissions by such governmental 
authority or regulatory institution, the aforesaid Securities 
may have such features and attributes or any terms or 
combination of terms in accordance with domestic and 
international practices to provide for the tradability and 
free transferability thereof as per applicable law and 
prevailing practices and regulations in the capital markets 
including but not limited to the terms and conditions 
in relation to payment of dividend, interest, additional 
interest, premium on redemption, prepayment and any 
other debt service payments whatsoever including terms 
for issue of additional Equity Shares or variation of the 
conversion price of the Securities or period of conversion 
of Securities into Equity Shares during the duration of 
the Securities, terms pertaining to voting rights, share 
premium and the Board, subject to applicable laws, 
regulations and guidelines, be and is hereby authorised 
in its absolute discretion, in such manner as it may 
deem fit, to dispose of such of the Securities that are not 
subscribed in accordance with applicable law.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  for the purpose of giving 
effect to the above issuance of Securities, the members 
of the Board or any Committee and/or it’s delegated 
officials of the Company be and are hereby authorised, on 
behalf of the Company, to take all actions and do all such 
acts, deeds, actions and sign such documents as may be 
required in furtherance of, or in relation to, or ancillary to 
the proposed issuance, including negotiate, modify, sign, 
execute, register, deliver including sign any declarations 
required in connection with the private placement offer 
letter, information memorandum, the offer document, 
preliminary placement document or placement 
document (including, in each instance, any addenda or 
corrigenda thereto), or other requisite offer document 
in terms of applicable law for issue of the Securities, 
term sheet, issue agreement, registrar agreement, 
escrow agreement, underwriting agreement, placement 
agreement, consortium agreement, trustee agreement, 
trust deed, subscription agreement, purchase agreement, 
agency agreement, monitoring agency agreement, 
agreements with the depositories, security documents, 
and other necessary agreements, memorandum of 
understanding, deeds, general undertaking/ indemnity, 
certificates, consents, communications, affidavits, 
applications (including, in each instance, any addenda 
or corrigenda thereto), as applicable (including those 
to be filed with the regulatory authorities, if any) (the 
“Transaction Documents”) (whether before or after 
execution of the Transaction Documents) together with 
all other documents, agreements, instruments, letters 
Notice
175


===== PAGE 163 =====
and writings required in connection with, or ancillary to, 
the Transaction Documents (the “Ancillary Documents”) 
as may be necessary or required for the aforesaid 
purpose including to sign and/ or dispatch all forms, 
filings, documents and notices to be signed, submitted 
and/ or dispatched by it under or in connection with the 
documents to which it is a party as well as to accept and 
execute any amendments to the Transaction Documents 
and the Ancillary Documents and further to do all such 
other acts, deeds mentioned herein as they may deem 
necessary in connection with the issue of the Securities 
in one or more tranches from time to time and matters 
connected therewith.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board or a Committee 
or its delegated officials be and is hereby authorised to 
appoint /engage BRLM(s), underwriters, depositories, 
custodians, registrars, bankers, lawyers, advisors, 
credit rating agencies, debenture trustees, guarantors, 
stabilizing agents, monitoring agency and any other 
intermediaries, agencies and professionals as may be 
required to be appointed, involved or concerned in such 
proposed issuance and to pay them by way of commission, 
brokerage, fees or the like and also to reimburse them out 
of pocket expenses incurred by them and also to enter 
into and execute all such arrangements, agreements, 
memoranda, documents, etc. with such agencies and 
to approve, finalise, execute, ratify, and/or amend/ 
modify agreements and documents, including any 
power of attorney, agreements, contracts, memoranda, 
documents, etc. in connection with the appointment of 
the aforesaid intermediaries.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  for the purpose of giving 
effect to the above, the Board or a Committee, as 
permissible, wherever necessary, in consultation with the 
book running lead managers, underwriters, advisors and/
or other persons as appointed by the Company, be and 
is hereby authorized to determine the form and terms of 
the proposed issuance, including the class of investors to 
whom the Securities are to be allotted, utilization of the 
issue proceeds and make arrangements for the use of 
proceeds of the issue to be monitored by a credit rating 
agency registered with SEBI, as required in accordance 
with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, number of Securities 
to be allotted in each tranche, issue price (including 
premium, if any), premium or discount on issue, fixing 
of record date or book closure and related or incidental 
matters, listing on one or more stock exchanges in 
India and/or abroad, as the Board or a Committee in its 
absolute discretion deems fit.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the consent of the members 
of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board 
or Committee and/or it’s delegated officials to open one 
or more bank accounts in the name of the Company, as 
may be required, subject to requisite approvals, if any, 
and to give such instructions including closure thereof as 
may be required and deemed appropriate by the Board.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the Board be and is hereby 
authorised to delegate (to the extent permitted by 
law) all or any of the powers herein conferred by this 
Resolution herein to any committee of directors or any 
director(s) of the Company or officials, in such manner as 
they may deem fit in their absolute discretion with the 
power to take such steps and to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things as they may deem fit and proper for 
the purposes of the Issue and settle any questions or 
difficulties that may arise in this regard to the Issue and 
to give effect to such modifications, changes, variations, 
alterations, deletions or additions as may be deemed fit 
and proper in the best interest of the Company.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THA T for the purpose of giving 
effect to this Resolution, the Board of Directors and/or 
any of the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company for 
the time being, be and are hereby severally authorized 
to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and take 
such steps which are necessary, expedient or desirable 
in this regard including but not limited to the delegation 
of powers to any director or committee of directors or 
any others person as it may deem fit subject to the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.”
5.  Appointment of Branch Auditors
  To consider and if thought fit, pass with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution.
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
143(8) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under, the 
Audit Committee / Board of Directors be and is hereby 
authorized to appoint, such person or persons qualified 
for appointment as Auditor or Auditors of the Company`s 
Branch Offices in USA ,UK and Canada to examine and 
audit the accounts for the financial year 2026-2027 on 
such remuneration, terms and conditions as the Board 
may deem fit or authorize the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company to audit the branch Accounts and comply with 
the provisions of the Companies Act 2013."
REGD. OFFICE By Order of the Board
80/2, Lusanne Court, For ASM Technologies Limited
Richmond Road
Bangalore 560 025
Place: Bangalore  RABINDRA SRIKANTAN
Date: July 10, 2026 Managing Director
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
176

===== PAGE 164 =====
NOTES
1.  The relative Statement (Explanatory Statement) 
pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
and applicable provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) 2015 with respect to the 
Business at Item No. 4 set out in the Notice is annexed.
2.  Pursuant to the General Circular No. 3/2025 dated 
September 22, 2025, issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs (MCA) and the Circulars issued from time to 
time by SEBI (hereinafter collectively referred to as  
“the Circulars”), companies are allowed to hold AGM 
through VC, without the physical presence of members at 
a common venue. Hence, in compliance with the Circulars, 
the AGM of the Company is being held through VC.
  This AGM Notice along with the Annual Report for 
the financial year ended March 31, 2026 is sent only 
through electronic mode to those Members whose 
e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/
Depositories. The AGM notice and Annual Report of the 
Company are made available on the Company’s website 
at www.asmltd.com and also on the website of the Stock 
Exchanges where the shares of the Company have been 
listed viz., BSE Limited - www.bseindia.com. The Company 
has published a Public Notice by way of advertisement 
in Kannada Language, the principal vernacular language 
of Karnataka and in English language in an English 
newspaper with the required details of 34 th AGM for 
information of the Members.
3.  A member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is 
entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his / 
her behalf and the proxy need not be a member of the 
Company. Since the AGM is being held in accordance with 
the Circulars through VC, the facility for appointment of 
proxies by the members will not be available.
4.  Participation of members through VC will be reckoned for 
the purpose of quorum for the AGM as per section 103 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”).
5.  Members of the Company under the category of 
Institutional Investors are encouraged to attend and vote 
at the AGM through VC. Corporate members intending to 
authorize their representatives to participate and vote at 
the meeting are requested to send a certified copy of the 
Board resolution / authorization letter to the Company or 
upload on the VC portal / e-voting portal.
6.  Members holding shares in physical form are requested 
to notify any change in their address to the Company/ 
KFin Technologies Limited, Tower B, Plot No.31 & 32, 
Financial District, Nanakramguda , Serilingampally 
Mandal, Hyderabad - 500032. Members holding shares in 
electronic form are requested to direct change of address 
notifications and updation of their bank account details 
to their respective depository participants.
7.  Members may note that the Board, at its meeting held 
on May 9, 2026, has recommended a final dividend 
of ₹12 per equity share for the financial year ended  
March 31, 2026. The record date for the purpose of final 
dividend is Wednesday, July 29, 2026. The final dividend, 
once approved by the members in the ensuing AGM, 
will be paid on or before August 28, 2026, through 
various modes. Members are requested to update their 
KYC with their depositories (where shares are held in 
dematerialized mode) and with the Company’s Registrar 
and Transfer Agent (RTA) (where shares are held in 
physical mode) to enable receipt of dividend directly into 
their bank account on the payout date.
8.  The Register of Members and Share transfer books of the 
Company will remain closed from Wednesday 29 th July 
2026 to Wednesday August 5, 2026 (both days inclusive) 
in terms of provisions of Section 91 of the Companies Act 
2013 for the purpose of Annual General Meeting of the 
company .
9.  In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such 
joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be 
entitled to vote.
10.  Members holding shares in single name and physical 
form are advised to make nomination in respect of their 
shareholding in the Company.
11.  Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform 
KFin Technologies Limited, the Registrars, of:
  Change in their residential status on return to India for 
permanent settlement.
  Particulars of their bank A/c maintained in India with 
complete name, branch, account type, account number 
and address of the bank with pin code number, if not 
furnished earlier.
12.  Payment of Dividend through ECS:
 a)  Members holding shares in physical form are 
advised to submit particulars of their bank account , 
viz, name and address of the bank, 9 digit MICR code 
of the branch, type of account and account number 
to the Registrars, KFin Technologies Limited, Tower 
B, Plot No.31 & 32,Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad 500032
 b)  Members holding shares in demat form are advised 
to inform the particulars of their bank account to 
their respective Depository participants.
   Members may note that the Income Tax Act, 1961, 
(“the IT Act”) as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, 
mandates that dividends paid or distributed by a 
company after April 1, 2020 shall be taxable in the 
hands of members. The Company shall therefore be 
required to deduct tax at source (TDS) at the time 
of making the payment of final dividend. In order 
to enable us to determine the appropriate TDS rate 
as applicable, members are requested to submit 
the following documents in accordance with the 
provisions of the IT Act. For resident shareholders, 
taxes shall be deducted at source under Section 194 
of the IT Act as follows:
Notice
177


===== PAGE 165 =====
  Members having valid PAN- 10% or as notified by the 
Government of India
  Members not having PAN / valid PAN- 20% or as notified 
by the Government of India
  However, no tax shall be deducted on the dividend 
payable to a resident individual if the total dividend to 
be received by them during Financial Year 2025-26 does 
not exceed  I10,000 and also in cases where members 
provide Form 15G / Form 15H (applicable to individuals 
aged 60 years or more) subject to conditions specified 
in the IT Act. Resident shareholders may also submit any 
other document as prescribed under the IT Act to claim 
a lower / Nil withholding tax. Registered members may 
also submit any other document as prescribed under 
the IT Act to claim a lower / Nil withholding tax. PAN is 
mandatory for members providing Form 15G / 15H or any 
other document as mentioned above.
  For non-resident shareholders, taxes are required to be 
withheld in accordance with the provisions of Section 
195 and other applicable sections of the IT Act, at the 
rates in force. The withholding tax shall be at the rate of 
20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) or as notified 
by the Government of India on the amount of dividend 
payable. However, as per Section 90 of the IT Act, non-
resident shareholders have the option to be governed by 
the provisions of the Double Tax Avoidance Agreement 
(DTAA) between India and the country of tax residence of 
the member, if they are more beneficial to them. For this 
purpose, i.e. to avail the benefits under the DTAA, non-
resident shareholders will have to provide the following: 
• Copy of the PAN card allotted by the Indian Income Tax 
authorities duly attested by the member • Copy of Tax 
Residency Certificate (TRC) for the FY 2025-26 obtained 
from the revenue authorities of the country of tax 
residence, duly attested by member • Self-declaration in 
Form 10F • Self-declaration by the shareholder of having 
no permanent establishment in India in accordance 
with the applicable tax treaty • Self-declaration of 
beneficial ownership by the non-resident shareholder • 
Any other documents as prescribed under the IT Act for 
lower withholding of taxes if applicable, duly attested 
by member
  In case of Foreign Institutional Investors (FII) / Foreign 
Portfolio Investors (FPI), tax will be deducted under 
Section 393 of the IT Act 2025 at the rate of 20% (plus 
applicable surcharge and cess) or the rate provided 
in relevant DTAA, read with MLI, whichever is more 
beneficial, subject to the submission of the above 
documents, if applicable.
  The aforementioned documents are required to be 
submitted at compliance.officer@asmltd.com  by the 
shareholder during the period commencing from  
July 15, 2026 and ending on July 24, 2026. No 
communication would be accepted from members after 
July 24, 2026 regarding the tax withholding matters.
13.  Pursuant to Section 101 and Section136 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with relevant Companies (Management 
and Administration Rules), 2014, companies can serve 
Annual Reports and other communications through 
electronic mode to those members who have registered 
their e-mail address either with the company or with 
the Depository. Members who have not registered 
their e-mail address with the company are requested to 
submit their request with their valid e-mail address to M/s 
KFin Technologies Limited. Members holding shares in 
demat form are requested to register/update their e-mail 
address with their Depository Participant. For members 
holding shares in physical mode are requested to update 
their email addresses with the Company’s Registrar, KFin 
Technologies Limited at einward.ris@kfintech.com  to 
receive copies of the Annual Report 2025-26 in electronic 
mode. Members may follow the process detailed below 
for registration of email ID to obtain the Annual Report, 
user ID / password for e-voting and updation of bank 
account mandate for the receipt of dividend.
Type of Holder Process to be followed
Physical For availing the following investor services, send a written request in the prescribed forms to the RTA of 
the Company, KFin Technologies Limited either by email to einward.ris@kfintech.com or by post to KFin 
Technologies Limited, Unit: ASM Technologies Limited, Selenium Tower B, Plot 31-32, Financial District, 
Nanakramguda,Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad-500 032
Form for availing investor services to register PAN, email address, bank details and other KYC details 
orchanges / update thereof for securities held in physical mode
Form ISR-1
Update of signature of securities holder Form ISR-2
For nomination as provided in Rule 19(1) of the Companies (Share Capital and
Debentures) Rules, 2014
Form SH-13
Declaration to opt out Form ISR-3
Cancellation of nomination by the holder(s) (along with ISR-3) / Change of nominee Form SH-14
Form for requesting issue of duplicate certificate and other service requests for shares / debentures / 
bonds, etc., held in physical mode
Form ISR-4
Demat Please contact your DP and register your email address and bank account details in your demat account,  
as per the process advised by your DP .
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
178

===== PAGE 166 =====
14.  Members wishing to claim dividends, which remain 
unclaimed, are requested to correspond with the 
Registrar & Transfer Agent or Company Secretary at the 
Company`s Registered Office. Members are requested 
to note that dividends not encashed or claimed within 
seven years from the date of transfer to the Company`s 
Unpaid Dividend Account will as per Section 124 of 
the Companies Act 2013, be transferred to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund(IEPF) established by 
the Central Government. All shares in respect of which 
dividend has not been claimed for seven consecutive 
years or more shall be transferred by the company in 
the name of Investor Education and Protection Fund. 
Shareholders whose shares or unclaimed dividend has 
been transferred to the Fund may claim the said shares 
or unclaimed dividend by making an application in Form 
IEPF 5 and submission of the prescribed documents to 
the Fund.
  The company has vide notification dated May 10, 2012 
of Ministry of Company Affairs, (MCA) uploaded the 
information in respect of unclaimed dividends as from 
the financial year 2008 on the website of the company.
15.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 (5) of the 
Companies Act 2013 unclaimed dividend pertaining 
to the dividend paid for the financial year 2018-2019 
to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) 
established by the Central Government in July 2024 
The company has transferred the unpaid or unclaimed 
dividend of the financial years 2017-18 on the due dates 
to the IEPF established by the Central Government.
16.  In compliance with Section 108 of the Companies Act 
2013, Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, substituted by Companies 
( Management and Administration) Amendment, Rules 
2015 and Regulation 44 (1) of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements ) Regulations 2015 the 
company is providing e-voting facility to the shareholders 
to enable them to cast their votes electronically on the 
items mentioned in the notice. The facility for e-voting 
will also be made available to members attending the 
AGM and who have not already cast their votes by remote 
e-voting .Members who have cast their votes by remote 
e-voting prior to the AGM may attend the AGM but shall 
not be entitled to cast their votes again. Instructions for 
e-voting are annexed to the Notice.
17.  Additional information, pursuant to Regulation 36 of the 
SEBI( Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, in respect of the Directors seeking re-
appointment at the AGM, is furnished as annexure to the 
Notice. The Director has furnished consent/declaration 
for their appointment/re-appointment as required under 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules there under.
18.  The Notice of 34 th AGM and the Annual report 2025-26 
will also be available on the Company’s website , www.
asmltd.com , website at stock exchange i.e BSE Limited 
at www.bseindia.com , for their download.
19.  All documents referred to in the Notice will be available 
for inspection at the Company`s registered office during 
normal business hours on working days upto the date 
of AGM.
20.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide 
circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/DOP1/CIR/P/2018/73 dated 
April 20, 2018 has mandated compulsory submission 
of Permanent Account Number (PAN) and bank details 
by every participant in the securities market. Members 
holding shares in the electronic form are, therefore 
requested to submit their PAN and bank details to their 
Depository Participant(s) and members holding shares in 
physical form shall submit the details to company.
21.  Since the AGM will be held through VC in accordance with 
the Circulars, the route map, proxy form and attendance 
slip are not attached to this Notice.
REGD. OFFICE By Order of the Board
80/2, Lusanne Court, For ASM Technologies Limited
Richmond Road
Bangalore 560 025
Place: Bangalore  RABINDRA SRIKANTAN
Date: July 10, 2026 Managing Director
Notice
179


===== PAGE 167 =====
DETAILS OF THE DIRECTOR SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT AT THE 34th  ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
[PURSUANT TO SECRETARIAL STANDARD 2 (SS-2) ISSUED BY THE INSTITUTE OF COMPANY 
SECRETARIES OF INDIA (ICSI) AND REGULATION 36 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS 2015]
Name of Director Ms. Preeti Rabindra (DIN 00216818)
Brief resume Preeti Rabindra holds Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees in Commerce from the University of 
Delhi and serves as the Designated Partner of IDS Systems LLP . She is a passionate sports 
enthusiast with a strong commitment to social development and community welfare.
She actively drives and supports various Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives 
of ASM Technologies, contributing towards education, science, sports and healthcare. Her 
involvement includes initiatives such as the Dr. S. Srikantan Memorial Award – SUSIEC in 
association with IETE, the TechlaBike Programme in partnership with Agastya International 
Foundation, and the Dr. R.P . Shenoy Award for Excellence in Science at Kendriya Vidyalaya, 
DRDO Complex.
Preeti also plays a key role in leading OSAAT Educational Charitable Trust and Sri Sathya 
Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital as part of ASM Technologies’ CSR initiatives, reflecting her 
dedication towards creating sustainable social impact and community development.
DIN 00216818
Date of Birth & Age 17.10.1965/61 yrs
Nationality Indian
Date of First Appointment on the Board 14.08.2015
Qualifications Maters in Commerce from Delhi University
Expertise in specific functional area Skills in strategic management, organizational behavior, corporate social responsibility
Number of Shares held in Equity Capital  
of the Company
950082
Directorship held in other Indian  
Listed Companies
0
Chairman/Member of Committees of Board  
of Directors of other Listed companies
0
Number of Board Meetings attended during  
the financial year 2025-26
6
Remuneration details (last drawn remuneration 
including Sitting Fees & Commission)
I0.34 Mn.
Details of remuneration sought to be paid Shareholders at the 32nd AGM, held on July 20th, 2024, approved a sum not exceeding 2%  
of the net profit of the Company per annum, calculated in accordance with the provisions  
of Section 198 of the Act, to be paid and distributed among some or all of the non-
executive directors of the Company in a manner decided by the Board. Non Executives 
directors are paid remuneration as per the criteria set by the Board from time to time in 
accordance with the shareholders’ approval at the AGM. The detailed criteria is available in 
the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company. The Policy can be accessed in 
this Annual report Annexed to Boards Report
Key terms and conditions of appointment As per the resolution in Item no. 3 of this Notice, read with the explanatory statement 
thereto.
Disclosure of relationships between  
Directors/KMP inter-se
Ms Preeti Rabindra is the spouse of Mr. Rabindra Srikantan, Managing Director of the 
Company.
Details of listed entities from which the person  
has resigned in the past three years
NIL
Date of first appointment on the Board of the 
Company
March 28, 2015
shareholding in the Company, including 
shareholding as a beneficial owner];
950082
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
180

===== PAGE 168 =====
Explanatory Statement
[Pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013]
Resolution No. 3
Based on the terms of appointment, executive directors  
and the non-executive and non-independent are subject to  
retirement by rotation. Ms. Preeti Rabindra, Non- Independent, 
Non Executive Director, whose office of directorship is liable to 
retire at the ensuing AGM, being eligible, seeks reappointment 
as a Non- Independent, Non Executive Director. Based on  
the performance evaluation and the recommendation of  
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board  
recommends her reappointment as a Non- Independent, Non  
Executive Director.
No Directors and Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives  
of the Company are concerned or interested, financial or  
otherwise other than Mr. Rabindra Srikantan and Mrs. Preeti  
Rabindra, who is interested in or concerned in the aforesaid  
Resolution to the extent of their shareholding in the Company.
Resolution No. 4
ASM Technologies Limited (the “Company”) is on a consistent 
growth trajectory as reflected in its financial and operational 
performance. The Company is focused on advancing its 
sector to be more sustainable, flexible, and secure, striving to 
provide maximum value to its customers through pioneering 
technology, sustainable solutions, and a highly organised 
network. As the industry enters a cycle of macro-economic 
acceleration, the Company needs to equip itself for greater 
and more advanced capacities, fast-paced growth, and 
consequent iterations in operations.
Further, the Company has intensified its capacity and resource 
augmentation. As the Company is in an expansion phase, 
it anticipates further growth opportunities in its existing 
operations and continues to evaluate organic and inorganic 
options to improve its market share and accelerate its business 
growth on a consolidated basis. To achieve this, the Company 
requires sufficient resources, including funds, to be available 
and allocated from time to time.
Objects of the Issue: Accordingly, the Company intends to 
undertake a capital raise through issuance of equity shares or 
other eligible securities in accordance with applicable law to 
eligible investors including Qualified Institutions Placement 
(QIP). The Company proposes to utilise the proceeds from the 
proposed fund raising  (after adjustment of expenses related to 
the Issue) (Net Proceeds) will be used towards one or more or 
a combination of the following: (i) various capital expenditure 
for organic growth and expansion including construction 
of manufacturing facilities and related infrastructure and 
amenities, purchase of plant, machinery and ancillary 
equipment, (ii) funding inorganic growth, including strategic 
acquisitions, investments (including through/ in present and/
or future subsidiaries and associate companies) and other 
business expansion initiatives, (iii) meeting the working capital 
requirements of the Company , (iv) repayment or pre-payment 
in full or in part of debt availed by  the Company and/or its 
subsidiaries , (v) general corporate purposes (which shall not 
exceed 25% of the gross funds proposed to be raised), and such 
other purpose(s) as may be permissible under applicable laws.
Pending utilisation of the proceeds from the issue, the 
Company shall invest such proceeds in creditworthy 
instruments, deposits in scheduled commercial banks, debt 
mutual funds or such securities as may be permitted and 
as per applicable law with due approval of the Board/ duly 
authorized Committee.
In view of the same, the Board of Directors of the Company 
(“Board, including any committee constituted or that may be 
constituted by the Board”) at their meeting held on June 06, 
2026 subject to the approval of members, hereby proposes 
raising funds by way of issuance of equity shares of face value 
INR10 (“Equity Shares”), and/or other securities convertible 
into Equity Shares (including warrants, or otherwise), fully 
convertible debentures, partly convertible debentures, 
non-convertible debentures with or without warrants and/
or convertible preference shares (collectively referred to as 
“Securities”) for an aggregate consideration not exceeding 
INR 500 Crores, in one or more tranches, on such terms 
and conditions as it may deem fit, by way of further public 
issue, rights issue, preferential allotment, private placement, 
including Qualified Institutions Placement(s) (‘QIP’) in 
accordance with the provisions of Chapter VI of the SEBI ICDR 
Regulations, or through any other permissible mode and/or 
combination thereof as may be considered appropriate under 
applicable law, 
The Board (including any duly authorized committee thereof) 
may at its discretion adopt any one or more of the mechanisms 
prescribed above to meet its objectives without the need for 
fresh approval from the members of the Company.
The issue of Securities may be consummated in one or more 
tranches at such time or times at such price and to such classes 
of investors as the Board (including any duly authorized 
committee thereof) may in its absolute discretion decide, 
having due regard to the prevailing market conditions and any 
other relevant factors and whenever necessary, in consultation 
with the book running lead manager(s) and other agencies 
that may be appointed, subject to the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 
Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable guidelines, 
notifications, rules, and regulations.
In the event Equity Shares are proposed to be allotted to 
Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs) by way of a QIP in terms 
of Chapter VI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the following terms 
shall apply:
 y The Securities shall be allotted on a fully paid-up basis. 
The Equity Shares issued, if any, shall rank pari passu in all 
respects with the existing Equity Shares of the Company, 
including entitlement to dividend, if any.
 y The ‘relevant date’ for the purpose of pricing of the equity 
shares to be issued and allotted in the proposed QIP shall be 
the date of the meeting in which the Board or any Committee 
decides to open the QIP of Equity Shares. Further, in the 
event that eligible convertible securities and/ or warrants 
which are convertible into Equity Shares of the Company 
are issued along with non-convertible instruments to 
Notice
181


===== PAGE 169 =====
Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs) under Chapter VI of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations, the relevant date for the purpose 
of pricing of such securities, shall be either the date of the 
meeting in which the Board decides to open the issue of 
such convertible securities and/ or warrants simultaneously 
with non-convertible instruments or the date on which the 
holders of such convertible securities become entitled to 
apply for Equity Shares. Further, any issuance of Equity 
Shares/ securities made by way of a QIP shall be at a price 
which is not less than the price determined in accordance 
with the pricing formula provided under Chapter VI of the 
SEBI ICDR Regulations (the “QIP Floor Price”). Further, the 
Board may, in accordance with the applicable laws, offer 
a discount of not more than 5% or such percentage as 
permitted under the applicable laws, on the price calculated 
in accordance with the pricing formula provided under the 
ICDR Regulations. The price determined for the QIP shall be 
subject to the appropriate adjustments as per the provisions 
of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as may be applicable.
 y The allotment of such Equity Shares shall be completed 
within a period of 365 days from the date of passing of this 
special resolution.
 y The Securities allotted shall not be eligible for sale by the 
allottee for a period of one year from the date of allotment, 
except on a recognized stock exchange, or except as may 
be permitted from time to time.
 y The Company shall not undertake any subsequent QIP 
until the expiry of two weeks from the date of the QIP to 
be undertaken pursuant to the special resolution passed at 
this meeting. No single allottee shall be allotted more than 
50% of the issue size and the minimum number of allottees 
shall be in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
Furthermore, a minimum of 10% of the eligible securities 
shall be allotted to mutual funds.
 y No allotment shall be made, either directly or indirectly, to 
any QIB who is a promoter, or any person related to the 
promoters of the Company. The Promoters, members of the 
Promoter Group, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company will not subscribe to the QIP .
 y The Company shall be eligible to make a qualified 
institutions placement only if none of its promoters or 
directors is a fugitive economic offender.
As required under SEBI ICDR Regulations and other applicable 
laws, the Company will be appointing a monitoring agency 
to monitor the use of proceeds from issue of Equity Shares 
through QIP by Company till hundred percent of such proceeds 
have been utilised.
Further, the Company is yet to identify the investor(s) and 
decide the quantum of Securities to be issued to them and 
hence the details of the proposed allottees, the percentage 
of their post-QIP shareholding, the shareholding pattern of 
the Company and other relevant details are not provided. The 
proposal, therefore, seeks to confer upon the Board/ its duly 
constituted committee, the absolute discretion and adequate 
flexibility to determine the terms of the issuance including 
through a QIP , including but not limited to the identification 
of the proposed investors and the quantum of Securities to be 
issued and allotted to each such investor, in accordance with 
the provisions of the applicable laws.
Section 62(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 provides, inter alia, 
that when it is proposed to increase the subscribed capital 
of a company by further issue and allotment of shares, such 
further shares shall be offered to the existing members of such 
company and to any persons other than the existing members 
of the company by way of a special resolution. Furthermore, 
in terms of Rule 14(2) of the Companies (Prospectus and 
Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, a company can make a 
private placement of its securities only after receipt of prior 
approval of its members by way of a Special Resolution. 
Accordingly, in the event the special resolution set out in 
the accompanying notice is passed by the members, it shall 
have the effect of authorising the Board (or any committee 
thereof duly constituted and authorised in this behalf) to offer, 
issue and allot the eligible securities of the Company to such 
investors, whether or not they are members of the Company, 
in one or more tranches, on such terms and conditions as the 
Board may deem fit in accordance with the applicable law.
The Board considers the proposed issuance to be in the best 
interest of the Company and therefore recommends the 
resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the accompanying notice 
for approval of the members by way of a special resolution.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their relatives is directly or indirectly concerned 
or interested, financially or otherwise, in this resolution, except 
to the extent of their shareholding, if any, in the Company.
Resolution No. 5
The Company has branch offices in US, UK, Canada and Mexico 
. It is necessary to appoint Auditors, under the provisions of 
Sec.143 of the Companies Act 2013 for auditing the accounts 
of the Branches of the company for the year 2026-2027. Your 
approval is sought by the proposed resolution to be passed 
authorizing the Board of Directors of the company to appoint, 
such person or persons qualified for appointment as Auditor 
or Auditors of the Company `s Branch Offices in, USA., UK, 
Canada and Mexico to examine and audit the accounts for 
the financial year 2026-2027 on such remuneration, terms and 
conditions as the Board may deem fit or authorise the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company to audit the Branch Accounts and 
comply with the provisions of the Companies Act 2013.  
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Persons of the Company 
and their relatives are concerned or interested in the resolution. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary resolution set forth in 
Item No.5 for the approval of the members
REGD. OFFICE By Order of the Board
80/2, Lusanne Court, For ASM Technologies Limited
Richmond Road
Bangalore 560 025
Place: Bangalore  RABINDRA SRIKANTAN
Date: July 10, 2026 Managing Director
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
182

===== PAGE 170 =====
Instructions for E-voting & 34th e-AGM through Video Conferencing
Dear Shareholder(s)
Please find enclosed the details for e- voting and e- AGM for 
convening the 34th Annual General Meeting of the company to 
be held on Wednesday, August 05, 2026 at 4.00 pm IST
The instructions and other information relating to e-voting are 
as under:
i.  In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the 
Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time 
to time, Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
and in terms of SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ 
CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 in relation 
to e-Voting Facility Provided by Listed Entities, the 
Members are provided with the facility to cast their vote 
electronically, through the e-Voting services provided by 
KFintech , on all the resolutions set forth in this Notice. 
The instructions for e-Voting are given herein below.
ii.  However, in pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/
CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 
on “e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies”, 
e-Voting process has been enabled to all the individual 
demat account holders, by way of single login 
credential, through their demat accounts / websites of 
Depositories / DPs in order to increase the efficiency of 
the voting process.
iii.  Individual demat account holders would be able to 
cast their vote without having to register again with 
the e-Voting service provider (ESP) thereby not only 
facilitating seamless authentication but also ease 
and convenience of participating in e-Voting process. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number 
and e-mail ID with their DPs to access e-Voting facility.
iv.  The remote e-Voting period commences Friday,   
July 31, 2026
v.  The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to 
their shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the 
Company as on the cut-off date. i.e. Friday July 24, 2 026
vi.  Any person holding shares in physical form and non-
individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the 
Company and becomes a Member of the Company 
after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the 
cut-off date, may obtain the login ID and password by 
sending a request at evoting@Kfintech.com . However, if 
he / she is already registered with KFintech for remote 
e-Voting then he /she can use his / her existing User ID 
and password for casting the vote.
vii.  In case of Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and who acquires shares of the 
Company and becomes a Member of the Company 
after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the 
cut-off date may follow steps mentioned below under  
“Login method for remote e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode.”
viii.  The details of the process and manner for remote 
e-Voting and e-AGM are explained herein below:
  Step 1 : Access to Depositories e-Voting system in case of 
individual shareholders holding shares in demat mode.
  Step 2 :  Access to KFintech e-Voting system in case 
of shareholders holding shares in physical and non-
individual shareholders in demat mode.
  Step 3 : Access to join virtual meetings(e-AGM) of the 
Company on KFin system to participate e-AGM and vote 
at the AGM.
 Details on Step 1 are mentioned below:
 I)  Login method for remote e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
Type of shareholders Login Method
Individual Shareholders holding  
securities in demat mode with NSDL
1. User already registered for IDeAS facility:
I. Visit URL: eservices.nsdl.com
II.  Click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” under ‘IDeAS’ 
section.
III.  On the new page, enter User ID and Password. Post successful 
authentication, click on “Access to e-Voting
IV.  Click on company name or e-Voting service provider and you will be 
re-directed to e-Voting service provider website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-Voting period.
2. User not registered for IDeAS e-Services
I. To register click on link : eservices.nsdl.com
Notice
183


===== PAGE 171 =====
Type of shareholders Login Method
II.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS” or click at eservices.nsdl.com
III.  Proceed with completing the required fields.
IV.  Follow steps given in points 1
3. Alternatively by directly accessing the e-Voting website of NSDL
I. Open URL: www.evoting.nsdl.com
II.  Click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
III.  A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your 
sixteen digit demat account number held with NSDL), Password / OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.
IV.  Post successful authentication, you will requested to select the name 
of the company and the e-Voting Service Provider name, i.e.KFintech.
V.  Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for 
seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders holding  
securities in demat mode with CDSL
1. Existing user who have opted for Easi / Easiest
I.  Visit URL: web.cdslindia.com or URL: www.cdslindia.com
II. Click on New System Myeasi
III. Login with your registered user id and password.
IV.  The user will see the e-Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of ESP i.e. 
KFintech e-Voting portal.
V. Click on e-Voting service provider name to cast your vote.
2. User not registered for Easi/Easiest
I.  Option to register is available at web.cdslindia.com
II. Proceed with completing the required fields.
III. Follow the steps given in point 1
3. Alternatively, by directly accessing the e-Voting website of CDSL
I. Visit URL: www.cdslindia.com
II.  Provide your demat Account Number and PAN No.
III.  System will authenticate user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & 
Email as recorded in the demat Account.
IV.  After successful authentication, user will be provided links for the 
respective ESP , i.e KFintech where the e- Voting is in progress.
Individual Shareholder login through 
their demat accounts / Website of 
Depository Participant
I.  You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your DP registered with NSDL /CDSL for e-Voting facility.
II.  Once logged-in, you will be able to see e-Voting option.Once you click 
on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository 
site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting 
feature.
III.  Click on options available against company name or e-Voting service 
provider – Kfintech and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of KFintech for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
without any further authentication.
   Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use Forgot user ID and Forgot 
Password option available at respective websites.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
184

===== PAGE 172 =====
   Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Securities held with NSDL Please contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at  
toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30
Securities held with CDSL Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at 022- 23058738 or 022-23058542-43
 Details on Step 2 are mentioned below:
 II)  Login method for e-Voting for shareholders 
other than Individual’s shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode and shareholders 
holding securities in physical mode.
 (A)  Members whose email IDs are registered with 
the Company/ Depository Participants (s), will 
receive an email from KFintech which will include 
details of E-Voting Event Number (EVEN), USER 
ID and password. They will have to follow the 
following process:
  i.  Launch internet browser by typing the URL: 
emeetings.kfintech.com
  ii.  Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and 
password). In case of physical folio, User ID 
will be EVEN (E-Voting Event Number) 9909, 
followed by folio number. In case of Demat 
account, User ID will be your DP ID and Client 
ID. However, if you are already registered 
with KFintech for e-voting, you can use your 
existing User ID and password for casting 
the vote.
  iii.  After entering these details appropriately, click 
on “LOGIN”.
  iv.  You will now reach password change Menu 
wherein you are required to mandatorily 
change your password. The new password 
shall comprise of minimum 8 characters with 
at least one upper case (A- Z), one lower case 
(a-z), one numeric value (0-9) and a special 
character (@,#,$, etc.,). The system will prompt 
you to change your password and update 
your contact details like mobile number, 
email ID etc. on first login. You may also enter 
a secret question and answer of your choice 
to retrieve your password in case you forget 
it. It is strongly recommended that you do not 
share your password with any other person 
and that you take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential.
  v.  You need to login again with the 
new credentials.
  vi.  On successful login, the system will prompt 
you to select the “EVEN” i.e., ‘9909 - AGM” and 
click on “Submit”
  vii.  On the voting page, enter the number of 
shares (which represents the number of votes) 
as on the Cut-off Date under “FOR/AGAINST” 
or alternatively, you may partially enter any 
number in “FOR” and partially “AGAINST” 
but the total number in “FOR/AGAINST” 
taken together shall not exceed your total 
shareholding as mentioned herein above. 
You may also choose the option ABSTAIN. 
If the Member does not indicate either  
“FOR” or “AGAINST” it will be treated as 
“ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be 
counted under either head.
  viii.  Members holding multiple folios/demat 
accounts shall choose the voting process 
separately for each folio/ demat accounts.
  ix.  Voting has to be done for each item of the 
notice separately. In case you do not desire to 
cast your vote on any specific item, it will be 
treated as abstained.
  x.  You may then cast your vote by selecting an 
appropriate option and click on “Submit”.
  xi.  A confirmation box will be displayed.  
Click “OK” to confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. 
Once you have voted on the resolution (s), 
you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
During the voting period, Members can login 
any number of times till they have voted on 
the Resolution(s).
Notice
185


===== PAGE 173 =====
  xii.  The Board of Directors has appointed M/s 
K. Dushyantha Kumar, Company Secretary 
in whole time practice, CP No. 6003, FCS 
Membership No. 6662 as the Scrutinizer to 
scrutinize the e-voting process in a fair and 
transparent manner.
  xiii.  Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other 
than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are also 
required to send scanned certified true 
copy (PDF Format) of the Board Resolution/
Authority Letter etc., authorizing its 
representative to attend the AGM through VC / 
OAVM on its behalf and to cast its vote through 
remote e-voting. together with attested 
specimen signature(s) of the duly authorised 
representative(s), to the Scrutinizer at  
email id dushyanthak@gmail.com  with a copy 
marked to evoting@kfintech.com. The scanned 
image of the above-mentioned documents 
should be in the naming format “Corporate  
Name_Even No.”
 (B)  Members whose email IDs are not registered with 
the Company/Depository Participants(s), and 
consequently the Annual Report, Notice of AGM 
and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, will 
have to follow the following process:
  i.  Members who have not registered their 
email address and in consequence the 
Annual Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting 
instructions cannot be serviced, may 
temporarily get their email address and 
mobile number provided with KFintech, by 
accessing the link: emeetings.kfintech.com  . 
Members are requested to follow the process 
as guided to capture the email address and 
mobile number for sending the soft copy of 
the notice and e-voting instructions along 
with the User ID and Password. In case of any 
queries, member may write to einward.ris@
kfintech.com .
  ii.  Alternatively, member may send an e-mail 
request at the email id einward.ris@kfintech.
com along with scanned copy of the signed 
copy of the request letter providing the 
email address, mobile number, self-attested 
PAN copy and Client Master copy in case of 
electronic folio and copy of share certificate 
in case of physical folio for sending the 
Annual report, Notice of AGM and the 
e-voting instructions.
  iii.  After receiving the e-voting instructions, 
please follow all steps above to cast your vote 
by electronic means.
 Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:
 III)  Instructions for all the shareholders, 
including Individual, other than Individual 
and Physical, for attending the AGM of the 
Company through VC/OAVM and e-Voting 
during the meeting.
  i.  Member will be provided with a facility to 
attend the AGM through VC / OAVM platform 
provided by KFintech. Members may access 
the same at emeetings.kfintech.com  by using 
the e-voting login credentials provided in the 
email received from the Company/KFintech. 
After logging in, click on the Video Conference 
tab and select the EVEN of the Company. Click 
on the video symbol and accept the meeting 
etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note that 
the members who do not have the User ID and 
Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the 
User ID and Password may retrieve the same 
by following the remote e-Voting instructions 
mentioned above.
  ii.  Facility for joining AGM though VC/ OAVM 
shall open atleast 15 minutes before the 
commencement of the Meeting.
  iii.  Members are encouraged to join the Meeting 
through Laptops/ Desktops with Google 
Chrome (preferred browser), Safari, Internet 
Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox 22.
  iv.  Members will be required to grant access to 
the webcam to enable VC / OAVM. Further, 
Members connecting from Mobile Devices 
or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video 
loss due to fluctuation in their respective 
network. It is therefore recommended to use 
Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate 
any kind of aforesaid glitches.
  v.  As the AGM is being conducted through VC / 
OAVM, for the smooth conduct of proceedings 
of the AGM, Members are encouraged to 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
186

===== PAGE 174 =====
express their views / send their queries in 
advance mentioning their name, demat 
account number / folio number, email id, 
mobile number at compliance.officer@asmltd.
com . Questions /queries received by the 
Company till Tuesday August 04, 2026. shall 
only be considered and responded during 
the AGM.
  vi.  The Members who have not cast their vote 
through remote e-voting shall be eligible 
to cast their vote through e-voting system 
available during the AGM. E-voting during 
the AGM is integrated with the VC / OAVM 
platform. The Members may click on the 
voting icon displayed on the screen to cast 
their votes.
  vii.  A Member can opt for only single mode of 
voting i.e., through Remote e-voting or voting 
at the AGM. If a Member casts votes by both 
modes, then voting done through Remote 
e-voting shall prevail and vote at the AGM shall 
be treated as invalid.
  viii.  Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM 
shall be available for members on first come 
first served basis.
  ix.  Institutional Members are encouraged 
to attend and vote at the AGM through  
VC / OAVM.
OTHER INSTRUCTIONS
I.  Speaker Registration:  The Members who wish to 
speak during the meeting may register themselves as 
speakers for the AGM to express their views. They can 
visit emeetings.kfintech.com  and login through the user 
id and password provided in the mail received from 
Kfintech. On successful login, select ‘Speaker Registration’ 
which will opened from Friday July 31, 2026 to Tuesday 
August 04, 2026 . Members shall be provided a ‘queue 
number’ before the meeting. The Company reserves the 
right to restrict the speakers at the AGM to only those 
Members who have registered themselves, depending 
on the availability of time for the AGM.
II.  Post your Question: The Members who wish to post 
their questions prior to the meeting can do the same 
by visiting emeetings.kfintech.com . Please login 
through the user id and password provided in the mail 
received from Kfintech. On successful login, select 
‘Post Your Question’ option which will opened from  
Friday, July 31, 2026 to Tuesday August 04, 2026 .
III.  In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of voting 
by electronic means, Members may refer to the Help & 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and E-voting user 
manual available at the download section of evoting.
kfintech.com (KFintech Website) or at evoting@kfintech.
com or call KFintech’s toll free No. 1-800-3454-001 for any 
further clarifications.
IV.  The Members, whose names appear in the Register 
of Members / list of Beneficial Owners as on Friday,  
July 24, 2026, being the cut-off date, are entitled to vote 
on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. A person who 
is not a Member as on the cut-off date should treat this 
Notice for information purposes only. Once the vote on 
a resolution(s) is cast by the Member, the Member shall 
not be allowed to change it subsequently.
V.  In case a person has become a Member of the Company 
after dispatch of AGM Notice but on or before the cut-
off date for E-voting, he/she may obtain the User ID and 
Password in the manner as mentioned below:
 i.  If the mobile number of the member is registered 
against Folio No./ DP ID Client ID, the member 
may send SMS: MYEPWD <space> E-Voting Event 
Number+Folio No. or DP ID Client ID to 9212993399
1. Example for NSDL:
2. MYEPWD <SPACE> IN12345612345678
3. Example for CDSL:
4. MYEPWD <SPACE> 1402345612345678
5. Example for Physical:
6. MYEPWD <SPACE> XXXX1234567890
 ii.  If e-mail address or mobile number of the member 
is registered against Folio No. / DP ID Client ID, 
then on the home page of evoting.kfintech.com  , 
the member may click “Forgot Password” and enter 
Folio No. or DP ID Client ID and PAN to generate 
a password.
 iii.  Members who may require any technical assistance 
or support before or during the AGM are requested 
to contact KFintech at toll free number 1-800-309-
4001 or write to them at evoting@kfintech.com  .
 VI.  The results of the electronic voting shall be declared 
to the Stock Exchanges after the AGM. The results 
along with the Scrutinizer’s Report, shall also be 
placed on the website of the Company on or before 
Friday August 07, 2026.
Notice
187


===== PAGE 175 =====
REGISTERED OFFICE:
ASM Technologies Limited
80/2 Lusanne Court, Richmond Road, Bangalore 560 025, KA, INDIA
Tel: +91 80 6696 2300 - 02 | Fax: +91 80 66962304 | Email: info@asmltd.com
DEVELOPMENT CENTRES:
ASM Tower, 14/2
Wellington Street
Richmond Town
Bangalore 560 025, KA, INDIA
Tel: +91 80 6696 2300 – 02
ASM Technologies Limited
Pune IT Park,
Unit A/203-204 Aundh Road,
Bhau Patil Marg, Bopodi, Pune
India – 411 020
Phone: + 91 80-66962300
ASM Technologies Limited.
RMZ Nxt, Campus 1B, First Floor &
Second Floor, Unit 102, 201 & 202
Sonnenahalli Village Mahadevapura
K. R. Puram Hobi, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore – 560 066, INDIA
Phone: 91 80 6713 9005
E-mail:  info@asmltd.com
MANUFACTURING FACILITY
ASM Technologies Limited
Plot No 2D, 1st Phase, KIADB Dabaspet, 
Sompura Hobli,
 Nelamangala Tulak, 
Bangalore North – 562111
Tel: +91 80 6696 2301
E-mail:info@asmltd.com 
ASM Technologies Manufacturing  
Facility Bangalore -2
Plot no. 100 & 101,
 Sompura Industrial Area, 1st Stage, 
Dabaspet, Nelamangala Taluk, 
Bengaluru Rural District – 562132
 Tel: +91 80 6696 2301
E-mail:info@asmltd.com 
ASM Technologies Limited
Survey 177/5, Door No.34, Sandavelur, Taluk, 
A, Village, 
Molachur, Sriperumbudur, 
Tamil Nadu – 602106
Tel: +91 80 6696 2301
E-mail:info@asmltd.com 
ASM HHV Engineering Pvt. Ltd.
Survey No. 13/2 and 13/3,
Malonagathihalli, T. Begur,
Nelamangala Taluk,
Bengaluru Rural – 562123, Karnataka, 
India.
Tel: +91 80 6696 2301
E-mail:info@asmltd.com 
RV Forms & Gears LLP (Subsidiary) -  
UNIT I &II
MF 11 and MF- 12 A SIDCO Industrial 
Estate, Guindy
Chennai, TN 600 032, INDIA
Tel: +91 44 2250 1860
ASM Technologies VIET NAM CO. Ltd 
No. 9 Huu Nghi Street, VSIP Bac Ninh II Trade 
and Service Industrial Park, Tam Giang 
Commune, Bac Ninh Province.Vietnam
Email : Info@asmltd.com 
SUBSIDIARY / BRANCH:
ASM-HHV Engineering Pvt. Ltd
14/2 Wellington Street, Richmond
Town, Bangalore, Karnataka,
India 560025
Phone: +91 80 6696 2301 
E-mail:info@asmhhv.com
ASM Digital Technologies Inc
2020 Calamos Court, Suite 200 
Naperville, IL 60563-2793, USA
Phone: +1 630 799 1563
Fax: +1 630 779 1562
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies S. de R.L. de C.V
Country Club Financial Americas 1600,
Suite 408, Col. Country Club, Guadalajara, 
Jal. C.P . 44610, MEXICO
Phone: +16 307991563
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies Limited
Techmart Center  5201
Great America Pkwy, Suite 320
Santa Clara, CA 95054, USA
Phone: +1 630 799 1563
Fax: +1 630 799 1563 
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Digital Technologies Pte. Ltd.
#24-01, “Vision Exchange” ,
2 Venture Drive, Singapore – 608526
Phone: +65 6270 5737
Fax: +65 6248 6076
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies (UK) Limited
Enterprise Centre, Coventry University.
Technology Park, Puma Way, Coventry
West Midlands CV1 2TT, United Kingdom
Phone: 02476 15 8620
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Engineering Private  Limited
Enterprise Centre, Coventry University.
Technology Park, Puma Way, Coventry
West Midlands CV1 2TT, United Kingdom
Phone: 02476 15 8620
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies KK
KRP BIZ NEXT. 3F Kyoto Research
Park Bldg. #4, 93 Awata-cho,
Chudoji. Shimogyo-ku,
Kyoto 600-8815, JAPAN
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies Limited
Toronto Eaton Centre, 
1 Dundas Street West, Suite #2500,
Ontario, M5G1Z3, CANADA
Phone: +1 416 979 7800 
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2025-26
188

===== PAGE 176 =====
ASM Technologies Limited
80/2 Lusanne Court, Richmond Road,
Bangalore 560 025, KA, INDIA
Tel: +91 80 6696 2300 - 02
Fax: +91 80 66962304
Email: info@asmltd.com
