

===== PAGE 1 =====


===== PAGE 2 =====
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. M. R. Vikram
Chairman & Non-Independent Director,
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Director & Independent Director
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
Director & Non-Independent Director,
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director & Independent Director
Mr. Hardik Agrawal
Director & Independent Director
Ms. Preeti Rabindra
Director & Non-Independent,
Non-Executive Director
Theme Introduction 02
Key Performance Indicators 03
Geographical Footprint 04
Management Message 06
About ASM 08
Research And Development 10
Board of Directors 11
Core Expertise 14
Business Verticals 16
Progress and Milestones 22
President Message 24
Board’s Report and Annexures 26
Management Discussion 
and Analysis Report 47
Report on Corporate Governance 51
Standalone Financial Statements 65
Consolidated Financial Statements 120
AGM Notice 170
Instructions for E-Voting & 33rd  
e-AGM through Video Conferencing 176
CORPORATE SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
Ms. Preeti Rabindra
Mr. M. R. Vikram
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
COMPANY LAW ADVISOR
BMP & Co. LLP
Company Secretaries
Bangalore, Karnataka, India
K. Dushyantha Kumar & Associates, 
Company Secretaries
Bangalore, Karnataka, India
LEGAL ADVISORS
Spice Route Legal, Advocates 
Bangalore, Karnataka, India
BANKERS
State Bank of India, Bangalore, 
Karnataka, India
ICICI Bank Limited, Bangalore, 
Karnataka, India
Small Industries Development Bank 
of India, Bangalore, Karnataka, India
HSBC Bank Limited, Bangalore,
Karnataka, India
Indian Bank, Raffles Place, Singapore
ICICI Bank, Raffles Place, Singapore
Wesbanco Bank Inc, Ohio, USA
HSBC Bank USA, New York, USA
State Bank of India, London, UK
State Bank of India, Osaka, Japan
Rakuten Bank, Minato- Ku, Japan
STOCK EXCHANGE
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 25th Floor,
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001,
Maharashtra, India
STOCK CODE
BSE – 526433
DEMAT ISIN NUMBER
INE867C01010
INVESTOR RELATION CELL
Secretarial Department  
#80/2, Lusanne Court, Richmond Road 
Bangalore – 560 025, Karnataka, India
Tel: +91 80 6696 2309
compliance.officer@asmltd.com
REGISTRARS & SHARE 
TRANSFER AGENTS
KFin Technologies Limited
Karvy Selenium Tower B, Plot 
No. 31 & 32, Financial District, 
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, 
Hyderabad - 500 032, Telangana, India
Tel: 040 6716 2222
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Mr. Narsingh Rathod
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Vanishree Kulkarni
AUDITORS
B K Ramadhyani & Co. LLP , 
Chartered Accountants 
4B, Chitrapur Bhavan, No.68, 
8th Main, 15th Cross Road 
Malleshwara, Bangalore - 560 055, 
Karnataka, India
Venu & Vinay, 
Chartered Accountants 
1st Floor, 161, 4th Main Road, 
7th Cross, 1st Block, Chamarajpet, 
Bangalore - 560 018, Karnataka, India
N. Rajan Associates,
Certified Public Accountants
Sim Lim. Towers # 10-12, 10, Jalan Besar 
(S) 208787, Singapore 208787
TAX ADVISORS
Sudhakar Pai Associates 
Chartered Accountants 
Unity Building, J.C. Road, Bangalore, 
Karnataka, India
Chugh CPAs, LLP 
2540 Mission College Blvd,  
Santa Clara, CA 95054 
Butler & Co. LLP Chartered Accountants 
London, UK
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Chairman
Mr. M. R. Vikram
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP & 
SHARE TRANSFER COMMITTEE
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Chairman
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Ms. Preeti Rabindra
NOMINATION & REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Chairman
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
ContentsCorporate Information

===== PAGE 3 =====
Global businesses are turning their heads to India for cutting-
edge design and precision-led manufacturing. ASM Technologies 
Limited, having transitioned from a traditional engineering 
services provider to a Design-Led Manufacturing (DLM) 
powerhouse, is reshaping how engineering challenges are solved. 
The Company – beyond execution – oversees innovation at the 
design level. Backed by significant investments in state-of-the-art 
facilities and a growing focus on high-value service delivery, the 
Company is unlocking new possibilities in design-led engineering 
and manufacturing.
Measuring Progress
KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
Redefining Milestones: 
FY25 Highlights
J289 Crore
Revenue
J24 Crore
Profit After Tax (PAT)
J47 Crore
EBITDA
15.2%
Return on Equity (RoE)
J35 Crore
Profit Before Tax (PBT)
Design-Led Manufacturing. 
Unlocking New Possibilities.
0302
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate OverviewASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 4 =====
Developmental 
Centres Across 
the World
6
4
Manufacturing 
Facilities
10Offices
Scaling National and 
Global Networks
GEOGRAPHICAL FOOTPRINT
0504
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate OverviewASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 5 =====
FY25 has been a year of steady progress and 
transformation for ASM Technologies Limited. 
We continued to strengthen our position in 
Design-Led Manufacturing (DLM), leveraging 
our three decades of engineering expertise to 
create differentiated, end-to-end solutions for 
our clients. Our focus has remained on building 
a future-ready organisation by combining 
domain knowledge, precision, and innovation 
with strategic investments in capacity and 
capability expansion.
During the year, the Company recorded 
standalone revenue of ₹ 2,397.73 million and 
consolidated revenue of ₹ 2,888.10 million, 
reflecting the dedication, commitment and 
excellence demonstrated by our team in 
delivering value to our clients.
A key milestone of FY25 was the successful 
acquisition of Semcon Engineering Private 
Limited in the United Kingdom, which expands 
With the continued support of our stakeholders and the 
dedication of our people, we are confident in our ability to 
capture new opportunities and deliver sustained value in the 
years to come.
Dear Shareholders,
ASM Technologies Limited extends 
a warm welcome to its stakeholders, 
partners and shareholders as we review 
the year’s progress, the milestones 
achieved, the challenges addressed 
and the strategic direction outlined for 
the future.
our presence in international markets and strengthens our 
ability to deliver on emerging technology-led opportunities. 
We also signed an MoU with the Government of Karnataka, 
committing an investment of ₹ 510 crore to expand our 
ESDM-related DLM and precision engineering capabilities. 
This initiative underscores our vision to contribute to 
industrial growth, job creation and self-reliance in India.
Further, our two new state-of-the-art manufacturing 
facilities at Dabaspet (Karnataka) and Sriperumbudur 
(Tamil Nadu) have become operational. These facilities are 
designed to serve DLM, enhancing our scale and enabling 
us to deliver value-added, high-quality manufacturing to 
global customers.
While FY25 witnessed investments in growth and capability-
building, we also navigated associated challenges with 
resilience. These strategic steps will provide a strong 
foundation for sustainable growth in the years to come.
Looking forward, ASM Technologies remains committed to 
building on its strengths in engineering and DLM, deepening 
client partnerships, expanding its global presence, and 
aligning with the fast-evolving technological trends of 
advanced manufacturing, precision engineering, and AI/
ML. At the same time, we continue to embed sustainability 
and social responsibility into our operations, with initiatives 
in education, healthcare, sports, and the environment. We 
are also working towards achieving the prestigious CII Green 
Co. certification.
I also take this opportunity to acknowledge the strategic 
foresight and support of our Board members, who have been 
instrumental in shaping the journey of ASM Technologies 
Limited. They bring sustainable guidance and diverse 
expertise to the table, which has helped the Company 
navigate change, firmly focus on long-term value creation, 
and implement robust governance practices. As we move 
ahead, their leadership remains integral to our vision, 
mission, and core values. 
With the continued support of our stakeholders and the 
dedication of our people, we are confident in our ability to 
capture new opportunities and deliver sustained value in 
the years to come.
On behalf of the company management and leadership, 
I take this opportunity to thank:
 y Our esteemed customers, stakeholders, vendors, 
business partners, advisors and consultants for 
their support
 y Employees for their valuable contributions, sustained 
efforts, and dedicated spirit
 y India - State Bank of India, ICICI Bank Limited, SIDBI
 y The US - HSBC Bank, WesBanco Bank Inc 
 y The UK - State Bank of India
 y Singapore - Indian Bank, ICICI Bank
 y Japan - State Bank of India, Rakuten Bank
 y Central and State Government, Customs, Reserve Bank 
of India, Software Technology Parks (STPI)
 y CII and NASSCOM for their guidance
Thanks & Regards,
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
Shaping Tomorrow
MANAGEMENT MESSAGE
0706
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
Annual Report 2024-25ASM TECHNOLOGIES

===== PAGE 6 =====
From Concept to 
Creation: Redefining 
Design-Led 
Manufacturing
ASM Technologies Limited is a publicly listed company 
in India. With over three decades of experience, ASM has 
been supporting customers in the areas of Engineering 
Design led Manufacturing. ASM has multiple delivery 
locations in India with a global presence in USA, 
Singapore, UK, Canada, Japan, Thailand and Mexico 
What differentiates ASM is its end-to-end ownership 
of the entire product lifecycle – from concept design 
to engineering to precision manufacturing. This 
integrated capability enables faster time-to-market, 
optimised costs, and consistently high-quality 
outcomes for clients navigating increasingly complex 
product ecosystems.
The last decade has witnessed ASM Technologies 
strategically transition from a pure ER&D service 
provider to a comprehensive ‘Design-Led 
Manufacturing’ (DLM) enterprise. This enables 
the Company to integrate its robust product 
design capabilities and manufacturing expertise, 
facilitating uninterrupted flow from concept to final 
product realisation.
In FY25, the Company further deepened its 
commitment to redefining the future through the 
expansion of DLM capabilities, enhanced digital 
engineering solutions, and strategic investments in 
talent and infrastructure. The Company’s DLM vision 
has rendered strong profitability. Further, the vision 
materialised through strategic acquisitions and 
partnerships, further expanding ASM Technologies’ 
market presence.
Vision
‘To be a global leader, committed to the 
customer in providing the technology 
solutions with the highest degree of 
excellence, quality and value by an agile 
team and efficient process.’
Mission
‘To commit us to the highest degree 
of excellence and customer support 
with a view to providing superior 
value to clients.’
Strategic acquisitions and partnerships include:
Semcon 
Engineering in 
the UK (now ASM 
Engineering UK)
A joint venture 
with Hind High 
Vacuum (HHV)
ABOUT ASM
0908
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate OverviewASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 7 =====
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Rabindra Srikantan (Rabindra) 
holds dual MS degrees in Computer 
Engineering and Computer Science 
from the University of Louisiana, 
USA, BE in Electrical and Electronics 
from PSG College of Technology, 
Coimbatore and schooling from 
Hyderabad Public School, Begumpet.   
Rabindra, founder and Managing 
Director of ASM Technologies Ltd , a 
successful entrepreneur with over 35 
years’ of experience in the areas of ER 
& D and Design Led Manufacturing.
Rabindra is the President and Chief 
Operating officer of ASM Digital 
Technologies Inc. USA, Director of ASM 
Digital Technologies Pte Ltd, Singapore, 
Director of ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd, 
UK, and Designated Partner of RV Forms 
and Gears LLP .
ASM Technologies Limited is a 
publicly listed company in India. With 
over three decades of experience in 
engineering services, Mr. Rabindra 
Srikantan, managing director, has 
led ASM’s transition into design-
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
led manufacturing. The Company 
is focused on two main verticals: 
semiconductor/electronic equipment 
and transportation. ASM has multiple 
delivery locations in India with a 
global presence in USA, UK, Singapore, 
Canada, Japan and Mexico.
He oversees ASM Ventures, the 
investment arm of ASM that focuses 
on early-stage companies in India and 
overseas in the areas of cybersecurity, 
networking, wireless, smart 
manufacturing, and IIoT.
ASM has been supporting innovation, 
education, and sports through its social 
responsibility focused for young minds 
through charitable organisations. 
Rabindra is Chairman-CII Karnataka, 
Charter Member -TiE, Member – Former 
Member NASSCOM Engineering 
R&D Council, Past National Executive 
Council Member- Indo American 
Chamber of Commerce and Past 
Chairman -Indo American Chamber of 
Commerce, Karnataka.
Engineering R&D (ER&D): 
Design-Led. Solution-Focused
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
ASM Technologies operates as a global enabler of high-value Engineering 
Research & Development (ER&D) services, supplementing varied industries, 
including automotive, semiconductors, aerospace, industrial automation, 
and consumer electronics, turning complex designs into high-precision 
products. By owning the entire product lifecycle from concept to 
production, the Company delivers precision-engineered solutions that 
enhance speed-to-market and cost efficiency.
Key services offered include:
Product Engineering & Design
ASM Technologies delivers end-to-end product lifecycle 
solutions, from concept to manufacturing.
Industries we serve:
Hi-tech equipment/
semiconductor
Transportation
M.R. Vikram, (Vikram) is a Partner of 
M. Anandam & Co., Secunderabad, 
a leading firm of Chartered 
Accountants in India. He is a 
Fellow of the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. He has over 
45 years rich experience in Audit 
and Assurance Services. He is an 
expert on capital markets, finance 
and regulatory issues in the Indian 
business landscape. 
Over his long and illustrious career, 
Vikram has conducted various 
special assignments for the RBI, IRDA, 
IDBI, and other leading financial 
institutions in the country.
Formerly, he has held Directorship 
positions at Indian Bank, Indian 
Overseas Bank, and Bank of Rajasthan.
Mr. M. R. Vikram
Chairman
Presently, he is the Director of many 
companies including, Facebook India 
Online Services Pvt. Ltd., Chettinad 
Cement Corporation Limited, 
Evertogen Life Sciences Ltd Shirdi Sai 
Electricals Ltd, GVPR Engineers ltd, ANA 
ARC Pvt. Ltd. etc.
Vikram is the Chairman and Managing 
Trustee of M. Venkatarangaiya 
Foundation, one of India’s largest 
non-profit initiatives to eradicate child 
labour and has mobilised more than 15 
lakh children to schools, across 7 states 
in India. He is also the founder trustee 
of Manthan, India’s leading discussion 
group on public issues. He is also the 
Trustee of Sahakara Mitra Samstha 
dealing with farmer cooperatives and 
REEDS involved in livelihood skills.
1110
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview

===== PAGE 8 =====
Ramesh Radhakrishnan (Ramesh) is 
a graduate of IIT Madras and holds a 
Master’s degree in Systems Engineering 
from the University of Virginia at 
Charlottesville. With over 30 years of 
operational and business experience, 
Ramesh is a seasoned entrepreneur 
and an expert in the technology and 
healthcare sectors. He started his career 
at Hewlett Packard Networks Division in 
Cupertino and was a founding member 
of four highly successful startups in 
Silicon Valley. The first startup, Zeitnet, 
a pioneer in high-speed switching, was 
acquired by Cabletron. This was followed 
by Clarity Wireless, a pioneer in wireless 
Preeti Rabindra (Preeti) holds bachelor’s 
and master’s degrees in commerce 
from the University of Delhi. She is the 
designated partner at IDS Systems LLP . 
She is an avid sports enthusiast. 
Preeti is also involved in all CSR activities 
of ASM Technologies, such as Dr. S 
Srikantan Memorial Award – SUSIEC 
in association with IETE, Techlabike 
Programme – Agastya International 
Foundation, and Dr. R.P . Shenoy award 
Mr. Hardik Agrawal
Director
DSL, acquired by Cisco. The third, 
Airgo Networks, the creator of MIMO 
OFDM, was acquired by Qualcomm. 
The last startup, FireEye, developed 
technology to detect and nullify 
malware and went public on the US 
stock market. Ramesh holds several 
patents in networking, security, and 
wireless technologies. 
Ramesh  is a partner at the venture 
capital firm Artiman Capital India Ltd, 
which invests in early-stage Indian and 
global companies in the technology 
and healthcare sectors.
Hardik Agrawal (Hardik) is 
a distinguished technology 
professional turned investor with 
a strong track record in leadership, 
business development, and 
product management. 
Prior to his move to India, Hardik spent 
12 years in Silicon Valley as a leader 
at various technology companies. He 
spearheaded eBay’s Credit business 
in the US and UK markets, growing 
it from $900M to $2.1B in payment 
volume within 2 years. As a leader at 
Wish.com, he developed the hiring 
framework for the company’s product 
management & technology teams, 
helping the startup grow into a 
well-structured organisation.
Hardik holds a B.Sc. in Computer 
Science and Electrical Engineering 
from UC Berkeley and specialised 
coursework at Stanford University. 
During his undergraduate tenure, 
Hardik co-founded Calhaps, an 
app that quickly gained traction 
among students, showcasing his 
ability to identify and execute on 
market opportunities. 
More recently, Hardik co-founded 
Ace Investments through which he 
identifies and supports businesses 
with transformative growth potential. 
With this extensive experience, 
Hardik is well-positioned to drive 
strategic growth and innovation in 
the Company.
for Excellence in Science – Kendriya 
Vidyalaya, DRDO Complex. She leads 
the OSAAT Educational Charitable 
Trust and Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial 
Hospital as the CSR initiative of 
ASM Technologies.
M. Lakshminarayan ( Lakshminarayan) 
holds a Master’s Degree in 
Technology from the Indian Institute 
of Technology (IIT) Bombay. Prior to 
ASM, he was the Executive Chairman 
of HARMAN International (India) Pvt. 
Ltd. His experience spans over 40 
distinguished years in companies such 
as Bosch and Tata Motors. At Bosch, 
where he spent over 24 years, he 
held various leadership positions and 
was responsible for the company’s 
tremendous growth in India’s 
automotive space. Before Bosch, he 
served in a senior management role at 
Tata Motors.
Shekar Viswanathan, (Shekar) 
retired in November 2020 as the  
Vice Chairman and Whole-time 
Director of Toyota Kirloskar Motor 
Pvt. Ltd. having joined the car 
company’s Board of Directors in 
2008. He majored in Economics while 
graduating from the University of 
Madras and is a qualified Chartered 
Accountant. Prior to his tenure at 
Toyota Kirloskar Motor, he was a 
member of the Board of Directors 
of Toyota Kirloskar Auto Parts Pvt. 
Ltd., where he was responsible for 
the finance, human resources, and 
legal functions. He also served on the 
Board of TG Kirloskar Automotive Pvt. 
Ltd., another Toyota group company. 
Shekar’s experience spans  a career 
of 38 years across  the automobile, 
financial services and project finance 
sectors. He is a member of many 
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Director
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
Director
Currently, Lakshminarayan also 
serves as director on the boards 
of Sansera Engineering Ltd, Brose 
India Automotive Systems Pvt. Ltd., 
Janaadhar (India) Private Ltd., Kirlosakar 
Management Services Pvt Ltd., and 
Pinnacle Mobility Solutions Pvt Ltd
Lakshminarayan has served as the 
Chairman (South) at Confederation 
of Indian Industry (CII) and has been 
on the executive council team at the 
American Chamber of Commerce. 
He is also the co-founder and current 
Chairman of Bengaluru City Connect, 
a non-profit forum that brainstorms 
solutions to issues related to urban 
management in Bengaluru.
leading industrial associations in 
India, and has  held positions  such as 
President of the Bangalore Chamber 
of Commerce & Industry (2009-2010), 
and Chairman of SIAM MUV Committee 
2010. He was also an elected member 
of CII Southern Regional Council 2009-
2011 and  was also the Chairman of CII 
Karnataka and FICCI Karnataka. He was 
also an Executive Committee member 
of FICCI at the national level and the 
Board of Governors at Bangalore 
International Centre.
He is currently a Director on the 
Boards of Jay Bharat Maruti Limited., 
Uno Minda Limited, Nucleus Software 
Exports Limited. ( all listed companies 
) and Brakes India Private Limited., 
Reconnect Energy Solutions Ltd., ANA 
ARC Pvt. Ltd., and Nettur Technical 
Training Foundation  ( NTTF ).
Ms. Preeti Rabindra
Director
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
1312
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview

===== PAGE 9 =====
Intelligent AI For Next-Gen 
Fab Performance
Increase Yield and 
Throughput
ASM AI 
Assistant
AI-Based 
Parameter Tuning
MLOps for 
Industrial AI
Predictive 
Maintenance
Monitor Tools/Equipment
Predict Failures and 
Reduce Downtime
Automate AI Workflows
Deploy, monitor 
& manage AI models
Assist Operators
Provide real-time support
AI-driven Equipment Tuning
Extend equipment life & boost 
performance downtime
CORE EXPERTISE
1514
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate OverviewASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 10 =====
Design-Led Manufacturing (DLM) is ASM Technologies Limited’s USP . 
As an integrated approach, it brings together highly skilled designers 
and experienced manufacturing engineers to manage the complete 
product lifecycle right – from concept and design to development 
and manufacturing. It designs and manufactures mechanical and 
electronic components in-house and manufacturing, enabling faster 
iterations, enhanced quality control, and tighter cost management, 
particularly for complex, low-to-mid volume production needs. 
By taking full ownership of the end-to-end process, the Company 
ensures precision, efficiency, and accelerated time-to-market.
Further, the Company has emerged as a pioneer in DLM, particularly in the semiconductor and 
automotive sectors. Reinforcing this leadership, ASM Technologies Limited has signed a Memorandum 
of Understanding (MoU) with the Government of Karnataka to invest J 510 Crore in expanding its 
ESDM-focused DLM and precision engineering capabilities. This expansion will support key sectors such as 
electronics, semiconductors, and solar while also fostering employment and regional technological growth.
Moreover, ASM Technologies Limited recently commenced operations at two new state-of-the-art 
manufacturing facilities located in Dabaspet, Karnataka, and Sriperumbudur, Tamil Nadu. Spanning over 
55,000 square feet, the Company’s new infrastructures are being developed as Centres of Excellence, 
empowering global clients with advanced design-led solutions across critical industry verticals.
Creating Shared Values 
at ASM
ASM Technologies Limited upholds its social responsibility by concentrating efforts on empowering communities 
through targeted programmes in community welfare, childcare, healthcare, women empowerment, and employee 
welfare. By championing these causes, the Company prioritises the growth and well-being of society at large.
Commemorating Kannada Rajyotsava with Pride
This year, the Kannada Rajyotsava celebrations united employees in pride and togetherness. 
Key event highlights: 
Community 
Engagement:
Strong participation 
and appreciation across 
social media
Team Spirit:
Strengthened 
workplace culture and 
employee bonding
The ASM Edge: Design-Led 
Manufacturing (DLM)
BUSINESS VERTICALS
16 17
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
Annual Report 2024-25ASM TECHNOLOGIES

===== PAGE 11 =====
Driving Impact Beyond Business: 
ASM’s Social Initiatives
The Company’s social initiatives span education, healthcare, and nutrition. 
CII Karnataka appoints ASM Managing Director 
as Chairman for 2025-26
In a proud moment for ASM Technologies, Mr. Rabindra Srikantan, Founder & Managing Director,  
has been appointed Chairman of the CII Karnataka State Council for the year 2025-26.
Donated critical medical 
equipment to Sri Sathya Sai 
Sarla Memorial Hospital to 
enhance healthcare access 
Healthcare Support 
All CSR initiatives are designed 
with a focus on long-term 
sustainability and impact
Sustainability & Impact
Acknowledging the dedication 
of ASM’s employees in steering 
these efforts
Employee Engagement 
18 19
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25

===== PAGE 12 =====
Celebrating the Women Who Power ASM
On International Women’s Day, ASM Technologies Limited celebrated the remarkable women who strengthen and enrich 
its workplace every day.
2120
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25 Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview

===== PAGE 13 =====
ASM HHV Engineering Pvt. Ltd., a joint venture between ASM Technologies Ltd. 
and Hind High Vacuum Company Pvt. Ltd., was established with the objective of 
building advanced tools and equipment for the rapidly growing semiconductor 
industry in India as well as for overseas markets.
PROGRESS AND MILESTONES
New-age materials for 
photovoltaic applications
Focus on Technology Development
During the last financial year, the company’s activities were centred on 
technology development in two critical area:
Strategic Outlook
The company’s immediate focus is on supporting the 
solar industry, which serves as a natural adjacency to the 
semiconductor sector. By establishing strong capabilities 
and partnerships in solar equipment manufacturing, 
ASM HHV Engineering is well positioned to expand 
progressively into advanced semiconductor technologies, 
creating long-term value for stakeholders.
Progress and Milestones
Prototype Development: Initial 
prototype results are expected 
during the current financial 
year, with a scale-up model 
anticipated in the following year.
To achieve this, ASM HHV has 
engaged with specialised 
vendors and partners to establish 
dedicated facilities for both 
development and prototyping. 
These efforts are complemented 
by collaborations with some of 
the country’s leading research and 
educational institutions, where 
detailed theoretical modelling 
is being carried out, followed by 
prototype demonstrations prior to 
scaling into series production.
Additionally, the company has 
initiated partnerships with major 
photovoltaic cell manufacturers 
in India, who are expected to take 
the developed technologies into 
volume manufacturing, while 
ASM HHV continues to focus on 
building the required equipment 
and engineering platforms.
Innovative technologies for more efficient 
and cost-effective polysilicon production
 Equipment for Solar 
Manufacturing:  The company 
has contracted to manufacture 
intermediate storage 
equipment for solar cell 
manufacturing, with the first 
machine scheduled for supply 
in FY25–26.
Special Sub-Assembly 
Programs: Multiple 
development programs 
are underway for research 
institutions focused on 
next-generation wafer 
processes for solar and 
semiconductor industries.
Strategic Partnerships:  
Advanced discussions 
are in progress with a 
leading international 
manufacturer of silicon 
crystal pulling equipment, 
aimed at supporting 
the Indian solar module 
industry. Given current 
geopolitical tensions that 
have delayed technology 
transfers, such partnerships 
with friendly nations will 
be key in strengthening 
domestic capability.
Summary
ASM HHV Engineering Pvt. Ltd., the joint venture between ASM Technologies Ltd. and Hind High Vacuum Company 
Pvt. Ltd., focused in FY24-25 on technology development for new photovoltaic materials and cost-efficient polysilicon 
production. Collaborating with leading research institutions and vendors, the company advanced prototyping 
activities and engaged with major PV cell manufacturers for downstream adoption. The first intermediate storage 
equipment for solar cell manufacturing is scheduled for delivery in FY25-26, alongside multiple sub-assembly 
programs for wafer process R&D. Strategic discussions are also underway with an international silicon crystal pulling 
equipment manufacturer to strengthen India’s solar ecosystem. With solar as the immediate adjacency, ASM HHV is 
building a strong base to expand into advanced semiconductor technologies in the coming years.
ASM HHV Engineering 
Pvt. Ltd. – Joint Venture 
Operational Update
2322
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate OverviewASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 14 =====
Our automotive division also demonstrated strong momentum, 
registering close to 50% growth over the previous year.
Machine Tool Sector – Strategic Wins and 
Expanding Partnerships
During the year, we achieved a key milestone in the machine 
tool sector by securing orders for the first time from one of 
Germany’s most respected and long-established machine tool 
manufacturers, recognised globally for its advanced machining 
systems. At the same time, our long-standing partnerships with 
global leaders in the machine tool and cutting tool industries 
continued to strengthen. These collaborations remain central 
to our strategy of delivering end-to-end machining and fixture 
solutions to customers worldwide, while also opening new 
opportunities for co-development and integration.
Reinforcing Client Trust Through Repeat Engagements
FY25 also witnessed a resurgence in engagements with several 
esteemed clients, reaffirming their trust in our capabilities. 
Notably, we secured multiple projects with a leading American 
manufacturer renowned for its commercial-duty automatic 
transmissions, off-highway gearboxes, and electrified 
propulsion systems, supporting their facilities in both India 
and the United States. These repeat orders serve as a clear 
testament to the quality, reliability, and value creation of our 
engineering solutions.
Future Outlook
The industry outlook is equally promising. According to the 
Ministry of Heavy Industries, India’s automation and industrial 
robotics sector is projected to grow at a CAGR of over 20% in 
the coming years, driven by demand for efficiency, quality, and 
scalability across both MSMEs and large-scale manufacturers. 
By aligning our strengths with this momentum, RV Forms & 
Gears is well-positioned to meet the evolving needs of clients 
while tapping into one of the fastest-growing segments of 
India’s manufacturing landscape.
As we move forward, our focus will remain on deepening 
client relationships, scaling technological capabilities, and 
pursuing sustainable growth that creates long-term value for 
all stakeholders.
With sincere appreciation for your continued trust and support,
Reji Varghese
RV Forms & Gears LLP
Dear Shareholders,
It is with great pride and gratitude 
that I present the Annual Report 
of RV Forms & Gears LLP , an ASM 
Technologies Limited Company, as 
we mark our 53
rd year of operations. 
Over the past five decades, our company has built 
a strong reputation as a pioneer in the design and 
manufacture of complex, high-precision fixtures, 
serving some of the world’s leading manufacturers 
across the automotive, machine tool, and 
electronics sectors.
FY25 has been a landmark year in both scale 
and strategic progress. We recorded the highest 
turnover in our history, achieving nearly 2.5 times 
the growth over the previous year. This remarkable 
performance was primarily driven by robust demand 
in the electronics manufacturing sector, where our 
early investments in infrastructure and qualification 
processes have begun to deliver significant results. 
Industry Connects
Letter from the President, 
RV Forms & Gears LLP
PRESIDENT MESSAGE
24 25
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 15 =====
To the Boards' Members,
We are pleased to present the 33 rd Annual Report together with the Audited Accounts of your Company for the year ended 31 st 
March 2025
1.  Financial Results
2024-2025  
(K in Mn.)
2023-2024  
(K in Mn.)
Revenue from operations 2397.73 1711.14
Other operating income 148.40 128.32
Expenses
Employee benefits expense 1399.89 1243.11
Finance Costs 100.06 83.24
Depreciation 62.09 67.29
Other expenses 404.74 355.46
Profit/(Loss) before tax 362.22 36.97
Current Tax 83.57 2.15
Deferred Tax Income/expense 11.91 7.97
Profit/(Loss) for the year 262.95 26.85
Other Comprehensive Income
A (i) Items not reclassified to profit/loss
     Remeasurement of defined benefit plans (4.04) 1.59
     Income tax relating to items not reclassified
     Deferred tax on remeasurement 1.02 (0.40)
B (i) Items reclassified to profit/loss
     Changes in FV of equity instruments (5.39) (1.56)
     Income tax relating to items reclassified
     Deferred tax on FV changes 0.77 0.39
Total comprehensive income for the year 255.31 26.83
2.  Results of Operation
  ASM Technologies, along with its subsidiaries, leverages over three decades of experience, ASM has been supporting 
customers in the areas of Engineering Design led Manufacturing. Our successful Offshore Development and Support Centers, 
located in India and overseas, cater to our esteemed global clientele.
  During the financial year, ASM explored new growth opportunities and achieved expansion in both domestic and international 
markets. This performance underscores ASM's strategic journey to reposition itself as a unique technology solutions provider. 
We are dedicated to developing innovative platforms that empower our customers to gain a competitive edge through our 
future-ready digital transformation initiatives.
  On the standalone front, ASM registered a total revenue of I 2397.73 million for the year ended 31
st March 2025. Domestic 
sales contributed I1381.31million, while export sales accounted for I474.86 million. The EBITDA stood at I432.39 million, with 
a net profit after tax of I262.95 million.
  On a consolidated basis, the total revenue for the year ended 31st March 2025 was I2888.10 million. The EBITDA was I505.42 
million, and the net profit after tax was I 250.63 million.
Boards’ Report
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
26

===== PAGE 16 =====
3.  Dividend/ Transfer to reserves
  During the year 2024-25 the company declared an Interim dividend of I1.00/- on 12th February, 2025 keeping with the Dividend 
policy your Directors are pleased to recommend for approval of the members a final dividend of I3.00/- per equity share of 
I10/-each for the financial year 2024-2025. The dividend amount paid/payable if approved by shareholders will be I39.09 Mn.
  The dividend payout for the year under review has been formulated in accordance with the Company's policy to pay 
sustainable dividend linked to long term growth objectives of the company to be met by internal cash accruals and the 
shareholders' aspirations.
  Your Company has not transferred any amount to reserve for the Financial Year ended 31
st March, 2025.
4.  Subsidiary Companies
  The consolidated Accounts of your Company and its subsidiaries viz., ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd (Formely known 
as Advanced Synergic Pte Ltd), Singapore, ASM Digital Technologies Inc (Formely known as Pinnacle Talent Inc), USA, ASM 
Technologies KK, Japan, RV Forms & Gears LLP ,ASM Digital Engineering Pvt Ltd, ASM HHV Engineering Pvt Ltd and ASM 
Engineering Pvt Ltd( Formely Known as Semcon Engineering Pvt Ltd), UK duly audited, are presented as part of this Report 
in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards ( IndAs) and the Listing Regulations with the Stock Exchange, wherever 
applicable. The statement pursuant to the provisions to Section 129(3) of the Companies Act 2013, containing salient 
features of the financial statement of the Company`s Subsidiaries in Form AOC1 is given in Annexure –II. The Accounts of 
the Subsidiaries audited for the purpose of consolidation shall be placed on your Company's website and made available for 
inspection by any Shareholder at the Company's Registered Office and at the respective registered offices of the Subsidiary 
companies. Copies can be made available on request, to the shareholders of the Company.
  Your Company has formulated and adopted a "Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries" so that your company could 
identify such subsidiaries and formulate governance framework for them. The Policy for determining 'material' subsidiaries 
is posted on Company's website: https://www.asmltd.com/policy-disclosures
5.  Future Outlook
  This has been provided in else in this annual report.
6.  Management Discussion and Analysis Report
  Management Discussion and Analysis Report as required under Regulation 34 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements ) Regulations 2015, is disclosed separately in the Annual Report.
7 .  Board Meetings
  During the year under review the Board of Directors held 6 meetings, on 27.05.2024, 20.07.2024, 11.08.2024, 04.10.2024, 
09.11.2024, and 12.02.20243 The maximum interval between two meetings did not exceed 120 days.
8.  Directors and Key Managerial Personnel
  As per the provision of companies Act 2013 Mr. Shekar Viswanathan( DIN:01202587)Director, retires by rotation and being 
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (AGM). The Board recommends his 
appointment for consideration of members of the Company. Brief profile of Mr. Shekar is given in the notes to the Notice of 
the ensuing AGM.
9.  Disclosure on compliance with Secretarial Standards
  Directors confirm that the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, have been 
complied with.
10.  Independent Directors
  Your Company has laid down procedures to be followed for familiarizing the Independent Directors with your Company, 
their roles, rights, responsibilities in your Company and to impart the required information and training to enable them 
contribute significantly to your Company. All the Independent Directors of the Company have given declarations that they 
meet the criteria of independence as laid down under section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations. 
The Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have complied with the Company's Code of Conduct. All the 
Independent Directors of the Company have given declarations that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down 
under section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of Listing Regulations.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
27

===== PAGE 17 =====
11.  Director`s Responsibility Statement
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134 (5)of the Companies Act 2013, the Directors hereby confirm that:
  a)  in the preparation of the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 st March 2025 the applicable accounting 
standards has been followed along with proper explanation relating to material departures:
  b)  the Directors have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and estimates 
that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the company at the end of the 
financial year and of the profit or loss of the company for that period;
  c)  the Directors have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance 
with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the company and for preventing and detecting fraud and 
other irregularities;
  d)  the Directors have prepared annual accounts of the company on a going concern basis.
  e)  the Directors have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal financial 
controls are adequate and were operating effectively.
  f)  The Directors have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that such 
systems were adequate and operating effectively.
12.  Significant and material orders passed by the regulators or courts and Material Changes and 
commitments affecting the financial position of the company.
  There are no significant material orders passed by the Regulators/Courts which would impact the going concern status of the 
company and its future operations. There are no material changes and commitments, if any, affecting the financial position 
of the company which occurred between the end the financial year of the company to which the financial statements relate 
and the date of this report.
13. Audit Committee
  The Audit committee met four times during the financial year under review and all its recommendations were accepted by 
the Board.
  Your Company has established the Vigil Mechanism, an Ombuds process which is a channel for receiving and redressing 
of employees complaints. This mechanism covers questionable financial or accounting matters and reporting fraudulent 
financial information to the shareholders, the government or any other legal authority. This meets the requirement under 
Section 177(9) and(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 22 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
14.  Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship and Share Transfer 
Committee
  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has framed a policy for selection and appointment of Directors including 
determining qualifications of Independent Director, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel and their 
remuneration as part of its charter and other matters provided under Section 178(3) of the Companies Act, 2013. A copy of 
the policy forms part of this report vide Annexure- I. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of a company has been 
obligated under Section 178 of the Act to formulate a policy for recommending to the Board of directors of the company for 
setting the criteria based on which the performance of every Director including the performance of the Board as a whole 
shall be assessed by the Board of Directors of the Company.
15. Familiarisation Programme
  The Company has put in place an induction and familiarisation programme for all its Directors including the Independent 
Directors. The familiarisation programme for Independent Directors in terms of provisions of Regulation 46(2)(i) of Listing 
Regulations, is uploaded on the website of the Company.-https://www.asmltd.com/policy-disclosures
16. Secretarial Audit
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 and The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Company has appointed BMP & Co., LLP , Company Secretaries, to undertake the 
Secretarial Audit of the Company. The Report of the Secretarial Audit in Form MR3 for the financial year ended March 31, 
2025 is annexed as Annexure - III to the Report. There are no qualifications, reservations or adverse marks made by Secretarial 
Auditor in the Report.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
28

===== PAGE 18 =====
  Further, it is proposed to appoint M/s BMP & Co., LLP ,, Company Secretaries as Secretarial Auditors of your Company for a 
period of 5 (Five) consecutive financial years i.e., from the FY 2025- 26 to FY 2029-30 to undertake Secretarial Audit for each 
of the said years and to issue i) Secretarial Audit Report and ii) Secretarial Compliance Report for the corresponding periods. 
Resolution forms part of Notice attached hereto
17. Auditor’s Report
  There are no qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks made by M/s B K Ramadhyani & Co, LLP , Chartered Accountants 
Statutory Auditors, in their report for the financial Year ended 31
st March, 2025. The Statutory Auditors have not reported any 
incident of fraud under Section 143(12) of the Act and the rules made thereunder to the Audit Committee of the company in 
the year under review.
18.  Recommendation of the committees of Board 
  There were no such instances during the financial year 2024-25, wherein the board had not accepted the recommendation(s) 
made by any committees of the board.
19.  Prevention of Insider Trading
  In compliance with the provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015 (as amended from time to time) and to preserve the confidentiality and prevent misuse of unpublished price sensitive 
information, the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for regulating, monitoring and reporting of trading by insiders. 
This Code also provides for periodical disclosures from the designated Persons and their immediate Relatives as well as pre-
clearance of transactions by such persons as per the thresholds mentioned in the code. The code is applicable to Designated 
Persons and their Immediate relatives who are likely or may reasonably be expected to have access to the unpublished price 
sensitive information relating to the Company and the same is being implemented as a self-regulatory mechanism. The said 
code of conduct may be accessed at https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/  
20.  Details of utilization of funds raised 
  Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement as specified under 
Regulation 32 (7A), is disclosed separately in the report.
21.  Conservation of energy, technology absorption and Foreign Exchange Outgo
  The company's operations involve low energy consumption. However the efforts to conserve and optimize the use of energy 
through improved operational method and other means will continue.
  The company has not imported any technology. Foreign exchange earnings and outgo
  During the financial year under review 24.04% of the revenue came from export of Engineering Service and DLM resulting in 
a foreign exchange inflow of I576.38 Mn and the foreign exchange outgo on account of overseas salaries, traveling etc was 
I284.05 Mn.
22. Public Deposits
  Your Company has not accepted any deposits from the public during the financial year under review.
23.  Disclosures as required under Section 22 of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013
  Your Company has in place a Prevention of Sexual Harassment ( POSH) Policy in line with the requirements of Sexual 
harassment of Women at Workplace ( Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act 2013. Your Company has through the Policy 
constituted a committee and has established a grievance procedure for protection against victimization. Your Company is 
committed to provide a healthy environment to all employees conducive to work without the fear of prejudice and gender 
bias. During the year under review, there were no cases filed pursuant to the said Act.
Number of complaint filed during the financial year 2024-25 Nil
Number of complaint disposed off during the financial year 2024-25 Nil
Number of complaint pending as end of the financial year Nil
24.  Details of Adequacy of Internal Financial Controls
  Your Company has deployed adequate Internal Control Systems in place to ensure a smooth functioning of its business. The 
processes and systems are reviewed constantly and improved upon to meet the changing business environment. The Control 
Systems provide a reasonable assurance of recording the transactions of its operations in all material aspects and of providing 
protection against misuse or loss of Company`s assets. The Internal auditors periodically review the internal control systems, 
policies and procedures for their adequacy, effectiveness and continuous operation for addressing risk management and 
mitigation strategies.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
29

===== PAGE 19 =====
25.  Particulars of Loans, guarantees or investments
  During the Financial Year under review, the details The particulars of loans, guarantees and investments as per Section 186 
of the Act by the Company, have been disclosed in the financial statements.
26. Risk Management Policy
  The Risk management Policy of your company continuously evaluates the various risks surrounding business and seeks to 
review and upgrade its risk management process. To further the endeavour your Board constantly formulates strategies 
directed at mitigating these risks which get implemented at the Executive Management level and a regular update is provided 
to the Board.
27 .  Internal financial control systems and their adequacy
  The details in respect of internal financial control and their adequacy are included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, 
which is a part of this report.
28. Annual Return
  Pursuant to Section 92(3) read with Section 134(3)(a) of the Act, the Annual Return as on March 31, 2025 is available on the 
Company’s website at https://asmltd.com/quarterly-reports/ 
29. Credit rating of securities:
  (a)  credit rating obtained in respect of various securities: NA
  (b) name of the credit rating agency; NA
  (c) date on which the credit rating was obtained: NA
  (d) revision in the credit rating: NA
  (e)  reasons provided by the rating agency for a downward revision, if any: NA
30.  Corporate Social Responsibility Policy (CSR)
  Your company has formulated CSR policy which is posted on the website at https://www.asmltd.com/policy-disclosures . 
In pursuance to the provisions of Section 135 and Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 the company constituted a CSR 
Committee of the Board to (a) formulate and recommend a CSR policy (b) recommend the amount of expenditure to be 
incurred on the CSR activities and (c) monitor implementation of the CSR policy from time to time. The terms of reference of 
the CSR committee are in accordance with Section 135 of the Companies Act 2013. The Annual Report on CSR in the prescribed 
format is enclosed to this Report as Annexure-IV.
31. Related Party Transactions
  The company has in place formulated a Policy on materiality of Related Party transactions for dealing with such transactions 
in line with the requirements of the Listing Regulations with the Stock Exchange. The policy on related party transactions is 
available on the Company's website at -https://www.asmltd.com/policy-disclosures .
  Particulars of contracts or Arrangements with related parties referred to in Section 188(1) of the Companies Act 2013 in the 
format specified as Form AOC2 forms part of this Report as Annexure- V
32. Board Evaluation
  Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations, the Board is required to monitor and 
review the Board evaluation framework. In line with the Corporate Governance Guidelines, Annual Performance Evaluation 
is conducted for all Board Members as well as the working of the Board and its Committees. The Board works with the 
Nomination and Remuneration committee to lay down the evaluation criteria for the performance of executive/nonexecutive/
independent directors through a peer evaluation, excluding the director being evaluated through a Board effectiveness 
survey. The questionnaire of the survey forms an integral part of reviewing the functioning and effectiveness of the Board 
and for identifying possible paths for improvement. Each Board member is required to evaluate the effectiveness of the Board 
and its committees on various parameters and feed back on each Director is part of the survey. The outcome of the Board 
evaluation for the financial year 2024-25 was discussed by the Board at their meeting held on 12
th February 2025.
33.  Remuneration to Director and Employees
  Details/Disclosures of ratio of remuneration to each Director to median employee`s remuneration as required pursuant to 
Section 197(12) of the Companies Act 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014 and details of remuneration paid to Employees vide Rule 5(2) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is given as Annexure- VI
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
30

===== PAGE 20 =====
34  Corporate Governance Report
  Your Company has taken adequate steps to adhere to all the stipulations as laid down in Pursuant to Schedule V (C) of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015. As required, a Report on Corporate Governance is 
provided elsewhere in this Annual Report along with Auditor`s Certificate on compliance thereof.
35. Auditors
  M/s. B K Ramadhyani & Co. LLP , Chartered Accountants, were re-appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company at the 
30
th Annual General Meeting ('AGM') held on July 16, 2022 for a period of 5 years, up to the conclusion of 35 th AGM. M/s. B K 
Ramadhyani & Co. LLP have given their consent for their re-appointment as Statutory Auditors of the Company and has issued 
certificate confirming that their re-appointment, if made, will be within the limits prescribed under the provisions of Section 
139 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') and the rules made thereunder. M/s. B K Ramadhyani & Co. LLP have confirmed that 
they are eligible for the proposed appointment under the Act, the Chartered Accountants Act, 1949 and the rules or regulations 
made thereunder. As confirmed to Audit Committee and stated in their report on financial statements, the Auditors have 
reported their independence from the Company and its subsidiary according to the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India ('ICAI') and the ethical requirements relevant to audit. Based on the recommendations of the 
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, it is hereby proposed to re-appoint M/s. B K Ramadhyani & Co. LLP , Chartered 
Accountants, having registration No.0028785/S200021, as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for the second and final 
term of five consecutive years, who shall hold office from the conclusion of this 30
th AGM till the conclusion of the 35th AGM 
of the Company. The requirement for the annual ratification of auditors' appointment at the AGM has been omitted as per 
Companies (Amendment) Act 2017 notification on May 7 2018.
  Total fees for all services paid by the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the statutory auditor and all 
entities in the network firm/network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part is given below:
Payment to Statutory Auditors K in Mn.
FY 2024-25
Audit Fees 2.51
Others Service 0.65
Total 3.16
36. Acknowledgments
  Your Directors take this opportunity to express their gratitude to -
  Our esteemed customers, shareholders, vendors, business partners, advisors and consultants for their unstinted support. The 
contribution made by our employees at all levels. Our consistent growth was made possible by their solidarity, cooperation 
and support.
 y State Bank of India, (India), HSBC Bank Ltd (India), Axis Bank Ltd., (India), Indian Bank, (Singapore), HSBC Bank, (USA) and 
First Federal Bank, (USA), for their support and guidance.
 y Customs, Reserve Bank of India, Software Technology Parks (STPI) and NASSCOM, Central & State Governments, Software 
Technology Park (STPI) and NASSCOM for their continued support.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
ASM Technologies Ltd.
Place : Bangalore M. R. Vikram Rabindra Srikantan
Date : 18.05.2025
Chairman Managing Director
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
31

===== PAGE 21 =====
Annexure I
1. Introduction
  The Nomination & Remuneration Policy (“Policy”) of ASM Technologies Limited (“ASM” or “Company”) is formulated under 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) rules made thereunder and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended (“Listing Regulations”) and other applicable laws (hereinafter referred to as “Relevant laws”)
2. Definitions
  “Board of Directors”  or “Board”, in relation to a company, means the collective body of the Directors of the company
  “Committee” means Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company as constituted or reconstituted by the 
Board, in accordance with the Act and applicable Listing Regulation.
  “ Company” means ASM Technologies Limited
  “ Independent Director” means a Director referred to in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder 
and Regulations of the Listing Regulation, and amendments thereto.
  “ Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) ” means -
  i) the Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer or manager
  ii) the Company Secretary
  iii) the Whole-Time Director
  iv) the Chief Financial Officer
  v)  such other officer, not more than one level below the directors who is in whole-time employment, designated as key 
managerial personnel by the Board; and
  vi) Any other person as defined under the Act from time to time
  “ Policy” means Nomination and remuneration & Board Diversity policy of the Company.
  “ Senior Management ” shall mean the officers and personnel of the listed entity who are members of its core management 
team, excluding the Board of Directors, and shall also comprise all the members of the management one level below the Chief 
Executive Officer or Managing Director or Whole Time Director or Manager (including Chief Executive Officer and Manager, in 
case they are not part of the Board of Directors) and shall specifically include the functional heads, by whatever name called 
and the Company Secretary and the Chief Financial Officer.
  Unless the context otherwise requires, words and expressions used in this Policy and not defined herein but defined in the Act 
and Listing Regulations as may be amended from time to time shall have the meaning respectively assigned to them therein.
3. Purpose and Objective
  The objectives and purpose of this Policy are:
 y To formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, competencies, positive attributes, and independence for 
appointment of a director (Whole-Time/ Non-Executive/ Independent) of the Company (“ Director ”); and
 y To recommend policy relating to the remuneration of the Directors, KMP and Senior Management to the Board of Directors 
of the Company (“Board”).
  This includes reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the Whole-Time 
Directors, evaluating their performance in light of those goals and objectives and either as a committee or together with the 
other independent Directors (as directed by the Board), determine and approve Whole-Time Directors’ compensation based 
on this evaluation; making recommendations to the Board with respect to KMP and Senior Management compensation and 
recommending incentive-compensation and equity-based plans that are subject to approval of the Board.
4. Constitution of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
  The Board has the power to constitute / reconstitute the Committee from time to time in order to make it consistent with 
Company’s policies and applicable statutory requirements.
  The Committee shall consist of such number of directors as specified by the relevant applicable laws. The Membership of the 
Committee shall be disclosed in the Annual Report.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
32

===== PAGE 22 =====
5. Key objectives and the role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall be responsible for the following:
  1.  Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director 
and recommend to the Board a policy relating to the remuneration of the directors, managerial personnel and 
other employees.
     For every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the 
balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description of 
the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The person recommended to the Board for appointment 
as an independent director shall have the capabilities identified in such description. For the purpose of identifying 
suitable candidates, the Committee may:
   a. use the services of an external agencies, if required;
   b.  consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
   c.  consider the time commitments of the candidates
  2. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, while formulating the above policy, should ensure that —
   I.  The level and composition of remuneration be reasonable and sufficient to attract, retain and motivate directors 
of the quality required to run the Company successfully.
   II.  relationship of remuneration to performance is clear and meets appropriate performance benchmarks; and
   III.  remuneration to directors, managerial personnel and senior management involves a balance between fixed and 
incentive pay reflecting short- and long-term performance objectives appropriate to the working of the Company 
and its goals.
  3. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of independent directors and the Board.
  4. Devising a policy on Board diversity.
  5. Analysing, monitoring and reviewing various human resource and compensation matters.
  6.  Determining the Company’s policy on specific remuneration packages for executive directors including pension rights 
and any compensation payment, and determining remuneration packages of such directors.
  7.  Determine compensation levels payable to the senior management personnel and other staff (as deemed necessary), 
which shall be market-related, usually consisting of a fixed and variable component.
  8.  Reviewing and approving compensation strategy from time to time in the context of the then current Indian market in 
accordance with applicable laws.
  9.  Identifying persons who are qualified to become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in 
accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to the Board their appointment and removal and shall carry 
out evaluation of every director’s performance (including independent director).
  10.  Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report of 
performance evaluation of directors; and
  11.  Carrying out any other functions required to be undertaken by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee under 
applicable law.
  12.  Perform such functions as are required to be performed by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the 
SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014, including the following:
   a) administering the ESOP if any. (Plan);
   b) determining the eligibility of employees to participate under the Plan;
   c) granting options to eligible employees and determining the date of grant;
   d) determining the number of options to be granted to an employee;
   e)  determining the exercise price under the Plan; and
  f)  construing and interpreting the Plan and any agreements defining the rights and obligations of the Company and 
eligible employees under the Plan, and prescribing, amending and/or rescinding rules and regulations relating to 
the administration of the Plan.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
33

===== PAGE 23 =====
  13.  Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report of 
performance evaluation of directors.
6. Policy for Appointment and Removal of Directors, KMP and Senior Management
  Appointment criteria and qualifications:
  a)  The Committee shall identify and ascertain the integrity, qualification, expertise and experience of the person for 
appointment as Director, Managerial Personnel or at Senior Management level and recommend his / her appointment, 
as per Company’s Policy.
  b)  A person should possess adequate qualification, expertise and experience for the position he / she is considered for 
appointment. The Committee has authority to decide whether qualification, expertise and experience possessed by a 
person is sufficient / satisfactory for the position.
  c)  The Company shall not appoint or continue the employment of any person as Whole-time Director or Managing Director 
who has attained the age of seventy years. Provided that the term of the person holding this position may be extended 
beyond the age of seventy years with the approval of shareholders by passing a special resolution.
  Term / Tenure:
 a)  Managing Director / Whole-time Director
   The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as its Executive Chairman, Managing Director or Executive Director 
for a term not exceeding five years at a time. No re -appointment shall be made earlier than one year before the expiry 
of term.
 b) Non-Executive Director
   Non-Executive Director’s office is subject to retirement by rotation at the Annual General Meeting in the manner as 
specified under relevant laws.
 c)  Independent Director
   An Independent Director shall hold office for a term up to five consecutive years on the Board of the Company subject 
to the relevant applicable laws.. As per Regulation 25(2A) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, the appointment, re-appointment 
or removal of an independent director of a listed entity, shall be subject to the approval of shareholders by way of a 
special resolution.
   Provided that where a special resolution for the appointment of an independent director fails to get the requisite 
majority of votes but the votes cast in favour of the resolution exceed the votes cast against the resolution and the 
votes cast by the public shareholders in favour of the resolution exceed the votes cast against the resolution, then the 
appointment of such an independent director shall be deemed to have been made under sub-regulation (2A)
   Provided further that an independent director appointed under the first proviso shall be removed only if the votes cast 
in favour of the resolution proposing the removal exceed the votes cast against the resolution and the votes cast by the 
public shareholders in favour of the resolution exceed the votes cast against the resolution.
   No Independent Director shall hold office for more than two consecutive terms of up to maximum of 5 years each, 
but such Independent Director shall be eligible for appointment after expiry of three years of ceasing to become an 
Independent Director.
   Provided that an Independent Director shall not, during the said period of three years, be appointed in or be associated 
with the Company in any other capacity, either directly or indirectly.
   Independent Directors shall register themselves in the databank of Independent Directors in accordance with the 
provisions of Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Fifth Amendment Rules, 2019
   Unless exempt, the Independent Directors shall pass the online proficiency self-assessment test as per the provisions 
of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Fifth Amendment Rules, 2019
 Evaluation:
  The Committee shall carry out evaluation of performance of every Director, managerial personnel and Senior Management 
Personnel yearly or at such intervals as may be considered necessary.
  Removal:
  The Committee may recommend with reasons recorded in writing, removal of a Director, Managerial Personnel or Senior 
Management Personnel subject to the provisions and compliance of the applicable relevant laws, and the policy of 
the Company.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
34

===== PAGE 24 =====
  Retirement:
  The Director, Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel shall retire as per the applicable provisions of the Act 
and the prevailing policy of the Company. The Board will have the discretion to retain the Director, Managerial Personnel and 
Senior Management Personnel in the same position / remuneration or otherwise even after attaining the retirement age, for 
the benefit of the Company.
7 . Board Diversity:
  We recognize the need to provide standards for having a diversified Board with ability to base its decisions and help to 
improve the performance of the organization significantly and for leveraging on the differences within the expertise of the 
Board, offering a broad range of perspectives that are directly relevant to the business.
  The Board shall consist of such optimum combination of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent Directors (including one 
Independent Woman Director) in accordance with requirements of the Companies Act, SEBI Listing Regulations and other 
statutory, regulatory and contractual obligations of the Company.
  The Committee will lead the process for Board appointments and forward its recommendations to the Board. All Board 
appointments will be based on the skills, diverse experience, independence and knowledge, which the Board as a whole 
requires to be effective. The Committee shall address Board vacancies by actively considering candidates that bring a diversity 
of background and industry experience or related expertise. The candidates will be considered against objective criteria 
having due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board.
  Additionally, the Committee may consider appointment of experts from various specialized fields such as finance, 
law, information technology, corporate strategy, marketing, business development, international business, operations 
management or any other professional area, so as to bring diversified skill sets on Board or succeed any outgoing Director 
with the same expertise.
8. Familiarisation Programme:
  In accordance with the applicable relevant laws, the Committee shall familiarize the Independent Directors through various 
programs about the Company.
9. Policy Relating to Remuneration for Directors, KMP and Senior Management
 1) Remuneration to Managing Director / Whole-time Director / Executive Director:
   a)  The Remuneration/ Commission etc. to be paid to Managing Director / Whole -time Directors, etc. shall be governed 
as per provisions of the relevant laws or any other enactment for the time being in force and the approvals obtained 
from the Members of the Company.
   b)  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall make such recommendations to the Board of Directors, as it 
may consider appropriate with regard to remuneration to Managing Director / Whole-time Directors.
 2)  Remuneration to Non- Executive / Independent Director:
   a)  The Non-Executive / Independent Directors may receive sitting fees and such other remuneration as permissible 
under the provisions of relevant laws. The amount of sitting fees shall be such as may be recommended by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of Directors.
     b)  All the remuneration of the Non- Executive / Independent Directors (excluding remuneration for attending 
meetings as prescribed under Section 197 (5) of the Companies Act, 2013) including any commission shall be subject 
to ceiling/ limits as provided under Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder or any other enactment for the 
time being in force. The amount of such remuneration shall be such as may be recommended by the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board of Directors or shareholders, as the case may be.
     c)  Any remuneration paid to Non- Executive / Independent Directors for services rendered which are of professional 
in nature shall not be considered as part of the remuneration for the purposes of clause (b) above if the following 
conditions are satisfied:
    i)  The Services are rendered by such Director in his capacity as the professional; and
    ii)  In the opinion of the Committee, the director possesses the requisite qualification for the practice of 
that profession.
  d)  The Committee of the Company, constituted for the purpose of administering the Employee Stock Option/ Purchase 
Schemes, shall determine the stock options and other share-based payments to be made to Directors.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
35

===== PAGE 25 =====
 3)  Remuneration to Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management:
   a)  The remuneration to Managerial Personnel and Senior Management shall consist of fixed pay and incentive pay, 
in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and in accordance with the Company’s Policy. The 
Company follows salary structure which includes Fixed Salary, Performance Linked Incentive and Retirals.
   b)  The Fixed pay Basic salary, Dearness Allowance and other allowances.
   c)  The Performance Linked Incentive pay shall be decided based on the balance between performance of the 
Company/Business and performance of the Managerial Personnel and Senior Management, to be decided annually 
or at such intervals as may be considered appropriate and as per the policy of the Company.
   d)  The Retirals include Provident Fund and Gratuity. The Committee of the Company, constituted for the purpose of 
administering the Employee Stock Option/ Purchase Schemes, shall determine the stock options and other share 
based payments to be made to Managerial Personnel and Senior Management.
 4) Remuneration to other employees
   The remuneration of all other employees may be determined by the Senior Management in consultation with the Human 
Resources department of the Company from time to time. The remuneration thus fixed shall be sufficient to retain talent 
and motivate the employees so as to ensure smooth and effective functioning of all the departments of the Company.
10. Directors and Officers Liability Insurance Policy
  The Board shall ensure the Directors and officers (D&O) insurance policy is in place in accordance with the applicable relevant 
laws based on the recommendation of the Committee.
11. Implementation:
  The Committee may issue guidelines, procedures, formats, reporting mechanism and manuals in supplement and for better 
implementation of this policy as considered appropriate. The Committee may Delegate any of its powers to one or more of 
its members
12. Review and amendments:
  Any subsequent amendment/modification in the Act or the Rules framed thereunder or the SEBI Listing Regulation and/or 
any other laws in this regard the statutes would prevail over the Policy and shall automatically apply to this Policy. The Board 
of Directors on recommendation of the Committee shall review the policy. However, the Board of Directors reserves its right 
to amend or modify the policy in whole or in part, at any time without assigning any reason whatsoever.
Note: This policy has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on 8 th February 2023 and shall be effective from  
1st April 2023.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
36

===== PAGE 26 =====
Annexure II
I In Millions
Sl. Particulars
ASM Digital 
Technologies Pte 
Ltd ( Formerly know 
n as Advanced 
Synergic Pte Ltd)
ASM Digital 
Technologies Inc 
(Formerly known 
as Pinnacle 
Talent Inc,)
ASM 
Technologies 
ltd KK (Japan)
RV Forms & 
Gears LLP
ASM Digital 
Technologies Co 
Ltd (Thailand)
ASM 
Engineering 
Private Limited 
(UK)
ASM Digital 
Engineering 
Private limited 
(UK)
ASM HHV 
Engineering 
Pvt Ltd
1 Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if 
different from the holding company1s reporting 
period
1st April 2024-
31st March 25
1st April 2024-
31st March 25
1st April 
2024-31st 
March 25
1st April 
2024-31st 
March 25
1st April 2024-
31st March 25
1st April 2024-
31st March 25
1st April 2024-
31st March 25
1st April 2024-
31st March 25
2 Reporting Currency SGD USD YEN INR Bhat GBP GBP INR
3 Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant 
financial year in case of foreign Subsidiaries
63.69 85.53 0.57 1.00 2.51 110.64 110.64 1.00
4 Share Capital 34.52 9.94 0.64 123.10 - 1.66 - 21.00
5 Reserves & Surplus 85.53 (181.64) (8.64) 1.94 (0.10) - (2.23) (13.24)
6 Total Assets 22.80 46.14 0.33 761.10 0.01 1.64 23.15 10.42
7 Total Liabilities 38.73 217.84 8.33 833.23 0.10 - 10.09 2.64
8 Investments - - - - - - - -
9 Turnover 58.13 95.75 - 390.13 - - 100.53 -
10 Profit/(Loss) before taxation 17.54 6.71 (2.70) (0.40) -0.09 - 5.40 (2.04)
11 Provision for taxation - 0.04 0.04 (4.96) - - 0.00 -
12 Profit/( Loss) after taxation 17.54 6.67 (0.24) 4.93 -0.09 - 5.40 (2.04)
% of shareholding 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 50%
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
37

===== PAGE 27 =====
Annexure III
Form MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules 2014]
To,
The Members,
ASM Technologies Limited
CIN: L85110KA1992PLC013421
Registered Address: 80/2, Lusanne Court,
Richmond Road, Bangalore – 560025, Karnataka.
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate 
practices by ASM Technologies Limited (hereinafter called the “Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that 
provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the 
conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the financial 
year ended on 31
st March 2025 (01st April 2024 to 31st March 2025), complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and 
also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject 
to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed, and other records maintained by the Company for 
the financial year ended on 31
st March 2025, according to the provisions of:
i. The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the Rules made thereunder;
ii. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the Rules made thereunder;
iii. The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Byelaws framed thereunder;
iv.  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and Regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings.
v.  The Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’):
  (a)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
  (b)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
  (c)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
  (d)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
  (e)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Benefits Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 - Not 
Applicable as the Company does not have Employee Stock Option Scheme for its employees;
  (f)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008 and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021 – Not applicable as the 
Company has not issued any debt securities during the financial year under review;
  (g)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding 
the Companies Act and dealing with client - Not applicable as the Company is not registered as Registrar to an Issue and 
Share Transfer Agent during the financial year under review;
  (h)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 – Not applicable as the 
Company has not delisted its equity shares from any stock exchange during the financial year under review; and
  (i)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 - Not Applicable as the Company 
has not done any buyback of its securities during the financial year under review.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
38

===== PAGE 28 =====
 vi.  The Company has identified the following laws as specifically applicable to the Company:
  1.  The Special Economic Zone Act, 2005;
  2.  Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder;
  3.  Policy relating to Software Technology Parks of India and its Regulations
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI); and
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with BSE Limited
During the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, 
etc. mentioned above.
We further report that: -
i.  The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors 
and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during the period under 
review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
ii.  Except in cases of meetings being convened at a shorter notice, adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the 
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance. Further, a system exists for 
seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful 
participation at the meeting.
iii.  Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members’ if any, views are captured and recorded as part of the 
minutes. As per the minutes of the meetings, the decisions of the Board were taken unanimously.
iv.  We further report that based on our review of the compliance mechanisms established by the Company and the Compliance 
Certificate(s) issued/status updates by the Company Secretary, which were recorded by the Board of Directors at their 
meetings, we are of the opinion that the management has adequate systems and processes commensurate with its size and 
operations, to monitor and ensure compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.
v.  As informed, the Company has responded to notices for demands, claims, penalties etc. levied by various statutory / regulatory 
authorities and initiated actions for corrective measures, wherever necessary.
We further report that during the audit period, the following event(s)/ action(s) which had a major bearing on the Company’s affairs 
in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. referred to above have been taken up by the 
Company during the period under review:
i.  The National Company Law Tribunal, Bengaluru (‘NCLT’) approved the Scheme of Amalgamation under Section 232 of the Act 
between the Company and ASM Digital Engineering Private Limited vide its order dated 14
th November 2024. All requisite 
regulatory filings in connection to the order of NCLT have been duly completed by the Company.
ii.  The Board of Directors passed a circular resolution dated 29th March 2025 for conversion of 1,02,855 warrants into equity shares 
of the Company. All requisite regulatory filings in connection to the allotment of equity shares has been duly completed by 
the Company.
There were no other specific events/actions in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines etc., having a 
major bearing on the Company’s affairs.
 For BMP & Co. LLP,
 Company Secretaries
 Pramod S M 
Partner 
Place: Bangalore FCS No: 7834 CP No: 13784
Date: 18th May 2025 Peer Review Certificate No. 6387/2025
UDIN: F007834G000366060 Firm Registration Number: L2017KR003200
This report to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
39

===== PAGE 29 =====
‘Annexure A’
To,
The Members,
ASM Technologies Limited
CIN: L85110KA1992PLC013421
Registered Address: 80/2, Lusanne Court,
Richmond Road, Bangalore – 560025, Karnataka.
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter:
1.  Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2.  We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness 
of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in 
secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3.  We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4.  Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations 
and happening of events etc.
5.  The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, Rules, Regulations, standards is the responsibility 
of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6.  The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
7.  We further report that, based on the information provided by the Company its officers, authorised representatives during the 
conduct of the audit and also on the review of quarterly compliance report by the respective departmental heads/Company 
Secretary/Managing Director taken on record by the Board of the Company, in our opinion adequate systems and process and 
control mechanism exist in the Company to monitor compliance with applicable general laws like labour laws & Environment 
laws and Data protection policy.
8.  We further report that the Compliance by the Company of applicable financial laws like Direct & Indirect tax laws has 
not been reviewed in this audit since the same has been subject to review by the statutory financial audit and other 
designated professionals.
For BMP & Co. LLP,
 Company Secretaries
 Pramod S M 
Partner 
Place: Bangalore FCS No: 7834 CP No: 13784
Date: 18th May 2025 Peer Review Certificate No. 6387/2025
UDIN: F007834G000366060 Firm Registration Number: L2017KR003200
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
40

===== PAGE 30 =====
Annexure – IV
Annual Report on CSR Activities
1.  Social and environmental responsibility has always been at the forefront of ASM`s operating philosophy and as a result has 
been contributing to such socially responsible activities. For ASM, Corporate Social Responsibility means responsible business 
practices through the involvement of all stakeholders in the decision making process and in operations. We believe that to 
succeed, an organization must maintain highest standards of corporate behavior towards its employees consumers and 
society in which it operates.
2. The CSR Committee comprises of the following members:
  Ms. Preeti Rabindra- Chairman
  Mr. M.R. Vikram
  Mr. Shekar Viswanathan
  Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
(I In Mn.)
3. Average Net profits of the company for the last three financial years : I124.51
4. Prescribed CSR expenditure ( two percent of the amount as in item 3 above) is : I2.51
5. Excess Amount spent for 2023-24 : I1.30
6. Details of CSR spent during the financial year 2024-25 :
Amount to be spent for the financial year 2024-25 : I1.21
Total amount spent for 2024-25 : I3.03
Amount Unspent for 2024-25/ Transfer to unspent CSR account : -
7. Manner in which the amount was spent in 2024-25 is detailed below-
(I In Mn.)
Sl 
No.
CSR Project 
or activity 
identified
Sector in which 
the project is 
covered
Project or programs  
1. Local area or other  
2. Specify the state 
and district where 
projects or programs 
was undertaken
Amount 
outlay 
(budget) 
Project or 
programs 
wise Amt in K
Amount spent on the 
projects or programs 
Sub heads:  
1. Direct expenditure 
on projects /
programs 
2. Overheads  
Amt in K
Cumulative 
expenditure 
upto the 
reporting 
period-  
Amt in K
Amount 
Spent: Direct 
or through 
implementing 
agency-  
Amt in K
1. Go Sports Promoting sports Project in Bangalore 3.03 3.03 3.03 Direct
  ASM Technologies’ Sponsorship Initiatives under CSR policy
  Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital
  As part of our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) commitments, ASM Technologies has proudly sponsored critical 
healthcare initiatives to improve community well-being. The main sponsorship initiative was the installation of a Picture 
Archiving and Communications System (PACS) in the Radiology Department of Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital. This 
advanced system will enhance the hospital’s diagnostic capabilities, facilitate remote consultations, and support the hospital’s 
telemedicine services, thereby improving healthcare accessibility and efficiency for rural populations. The PACS system will 
provide economical storage, easy access, and remote viewing of medical images from various modalities such as MRI, CT 
scans, X-rays, and ultrasound, supporting both patient care and medical education.
  In addition to the PACS sponsorship, ASM Technologies also sponsored medications for diabetic patients, benefiting 
individuals. Our sponsorship efforts are aimed at bridging the healthcare gap in underserved areas, ensuring better health 
outcomes, and fostering sustainable community development.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
41

===== PAGE 31 =====
  Impact of PACS System Installation at Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital
  The installation of a Picture Archiving and Communications System (PACS) in the Radiology Department of Sri Sathya Sai 
Sarla Memorial Hospital, this advanced system has significantly enhanced the hospital’s diagnostic capabilities. The PACS 
system offers economical storage, easy access, and remote viewing of medical images from various modalities such as MRI, 
CT scans, X-rays, and ultrasound. This technology not only supports patient care by streamlining the diagnostic process but 
also enhances medical education by providing a robust tool for training future healthcare professionals. Over April and May 
2024, the system facilitated a total of 909 CT scans, 4874 ultrasound tests, and 5271 X-rays. Moreover, 62 medical students 
and 15 B.Sc. Radio Imaging Technology students have benefited from the PACS system, which has been instrumental in their 
academic and practical training.
  The successful implementation and utilization of the PACS system at Sri Sathya Sai Sarla Memorial Hospital underscore ASM 
Technologies’ commitment to enhancing healthcare infrastructure and services in rural and underserved communities. We 
extend our sincere gratitude to the hospital staff for their dedication and collaboration in making this initiative a success. Our 
CSR initiatives continue to focus on creating meaningful and sustainable improvements in community health, reflecting our 
commitment to social responsibility and community welfare.
  Sponsorship of Summer School in Electronics & Computers (SUSIEC)
  The Institution of Electronics & Telecommunication Engineers (IETE) Bangalore Centre has been successfully organizing the 
Summer School in Electronics & Computers (SUSIEC) for over three decades. This esteemed program is aimed at students in 
the 8
th, 9th, and 10th standards during their summer vacations, with the objective of fostering an early interest in the fields of 
Electronics and Telecommunication.
  Since the 2017-18 academic year, ASM has been a proud sponsor of SUSIEC as part of our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 
initiatives. Our sponsorship includes partial funding of the course fees, provision of tool kits, and the institution of awards 
and prizes. These recognitions are presented under the Dr. S. Srikantan Memorial Award, in honor of our former Chairman, 
the late Dr. S. Srikantan.
  The SUSIEC curriculum is meticulously designed to provide a comprehensive educational experience, comprising two hours of 
technical presentations followed by two hours of practical sessions each day. At the culmination of the course, an exhibition 
is organized where students have the opportunity to showcase their projects. These projects are meticulously evaluated and 
rated by a panel of distinguished academicians and corporate leaders.
  For the 2023-24 session, we had the privilege of awarding prizes to 21 exemplary students. This initiative is a testament to our 
unwavering commitment to educational development and our dedication to nurturing the next generation of professionals 
in the Electronics and Telecommunication sectors.
  Impact of SUSIEC
  The SUSIEC program has a significant impact on participating students, providing them with valuable hands-on experience 
and technical knowledge that goes beyond their regular school curriculum. By exposing students to advanced concepts in 
Electronics and Telecommunication at an early age, we aim to ignite a passion for these fields and inspire them to pursue 
related careers.
  Many participants of the SUSIEC program have gone on to excel in their academic, crediting their foundational understanding 
and enthusiasm to their experiences at the summer school. The practical skills and problem-solving abilities they develop 
through SUSIEC prepare them for future challenges and innovations in the technology sector.
  ASM’s support of SUSIEC aligns with our broader goal of contributing to societal advancement through education. By investing 
in the education and development of young minds, we are helping to build a skilled and motivated workforce that will drive 
technological progress and innovation in the future.
  ASM remains committed to supporting initiatives that inspire and empower young minds, ensuring a robust and innovative 
future for the industry.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
42

===== PAGE 32 =====
  Supporting Indian Athletes through world marathon
  As part of our ongoing Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives, ASM Technologies proudly participated in Marathon. 
This event offered our employees a wonderful opportunity to refresh their minds, strengthen team bonds, and promote a 
healthy lifestyle. More importantly, it allowed us to support the GoSports Foundation, a National Award-winning not-for-profit 
organization. GoSports Foundation has been instrumental in developing over 200 emerging and elite Indian athletes across 
Olympic and Paralympic disciplines through scholarships and knowledge-building programs. With Indian sports at a pivotal 
juncture following landmark performances at the Tokyo Olympics and Paralympics, and with the upcoming 2022 Asian Games, 
2022 Asian Para Games, 2024 Olympics, and 2024 Paralympics, our support is more crucial than ever. By participating in the 
marathon, ASM Technologies is proud to contribute to the growth and success of Indian athletes, helping them achieve their 
dreams and fostering the advancement of the Indian sporting community. Together, we are committed to #ChangeTheScript 
and support a brighter future for Indian sports.
8.  The CSR Committee, hereby confirms that the implementation and monitoring of CSR Policy is in compliance with CSR 
objectives and Policy of the Company.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
ASM Technologies Ltd.
Place : Bangalore Preeti Rabindra Rabindra Srikantan
Date : 18.05.2025
Chairman of the CSR Committee Managing Director
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
43

===== PAGE 33 =====
Annexure – V
Particulars
Advanced 
Synergic Pte Ltd, 
Singapore
Pinnacle Talent RV Forms & 
Gears LLP
ASM 
Technologies 
KK, Japan
ASM Engineering 
Private Limited 
(UK)Inc, USA India
Nature of Relationship Wholly owned 
Subsidiary
Wholly owned 
Subsidiary
Subsidiary Wholly owned 
Subsidiary
Wholly owned 
Subsidiary
Rendering of services 34.95 57.33 3.79 - 6.46
Guarantees given on behalf of subsidiary - - - - -
Purchase of Service - - 4.81 - -
Interests received on loans - - 36.97 - -
Interests paid on loans - - - - -
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
44

===== PAGE 34 =====
Annexure VI
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES
Details pertaining to remuneration as required under section 197 (12) read with Rule 5 (1) of Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
a)  Information as per Rule 5(1) of Chapter XIII, Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel,) Rules, 2014
 (i)  The ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the 
Financial year 2024-25 and percentage increase in remuneration of each Director as against previous year and also the 
comparison of remuneration of each such person against the performance of the Company.
(In I In Mn.)
Name of Directors Designation
% of increase 
compared to 
previous year
Ratio to 
median 
remuneration 
of employees
% of 
Revenues
% of profits  
after tax
Mr. M.R. Vikram Chairman (230) 0.40 0.01 0.11
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan* Managing Director 66.83 46.85 1.48 13.47
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan Independent Director (241.38) 0.38 0.01 0.11
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan Non-Executive Director (288.46) 0.34 0.01 0.10
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan Independent Director (209.68) 0.41 0.01 0.12
Mr. Hardik Agrawal Independent Director NA 0.33 0.10 0.10
Ms. Preeti Rabindra Non-Executive Director (237.93) 0.38 0.01 0.11
*Except for the above-mentioned Executive Director, no remuneration is drawn by the other Directors of the Company
2.  Non- executive Directors are paid sitting fees for meetings of the Board and committee attended and 
commission on Net Profits as per section 198 of companies Act 2013.
  (ii)  The percentage increase in remuneration of Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary in the Financial Year and also 
the comparison of such remuneration against the performance of the Company.
Name of person Designation
% of increase 
compared
to previous year
% of revenue % of profits  
after tax
Mr. N.L. Rathod Chief Financial Officer 2.64% 0.12 1.10
Ms. Vanishree Kulkarni Company Secretary No Change 0.09 0.84
  (iii) The percentage increase in median remuneration of employees in the Financial year:
   The percentage increase in the median remuneration of the company during the Financial year is 8%. This has been 
arrived at by comparing the median remuneration
 (iv) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of company:
   The number of permanent employees on the rolls of the company as on 31
st March 2025 was Male: 1648 Female: 173
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
45

===== PAGE 35 =====
  (v)  Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof 
and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration
     The average increase was 9% for all employees who went through the compensation review cycle in the year and for 
the managerial personnel there was no increase in remuneration the previous year.
  (v)  affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the company
   Your company affirms that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the company
b.  Information as per Rule 5(2) of Chapter XIII of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules 2014- NIL
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
ASM Technologies Ltd.
Place : Bangalore Mr. M.R. Vikram Rabindra Srikantan
Date : 18.05.2025
Chairman Managing Director
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
46

===== PAGE 36 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis Report
Overview
ASM Technologies, along with its subsidiaries, leverages over three decades of experience, ASM has been supporting customers 
in the areas of Engineering Design led Manufacturing. Our successful Offshore Development and Support Centers in India and 
Overseas for its global clientele. The Company is a public limited company incorporated in India with a registered office in Bengaluru, 
Karnataka, India. The Company's shares are listed with BSE Limited.
1. Industry Structure and Development
  Engineering Services and Design Led Manufacturing sector in India is evolving rapidly, driven by the integration of digital 
technologies and increased focus on sustainability. Key areas of growth include AI-enhanced industrial analytics, predictive 
maintenance for heavy machinery, and the development of smart factories. The industry's structure is becoming more 
complex, with increased collaboration between startups, Global Capability Centers (GCCs), Engineering Service Providers 
(ESPs), and academia. Digital engineering innovation hubs and sector-specific incubators, are playing a pivotal role in fostering 
innovation and addressing industry challenges like the talent gap and lack of advanced lab facilities as per the reports 
from Nasscom and BCG The global Engineering R&D (ER&D) landscape continues to expand, led by digital engineering, 
AI, and electrification. India’s ER&D sourcing is projected to rise from US$44–45 bn (FY23) to US$130–170 bn by 2030, with 
semiconductors, software and automation driving >60% of the growth. India Tech & GCC momentum, the technology 
industry revenue is estimated at US$282.6 bn in FY25 and is expected to cross US$300 bn in FY26; ER&D and GCCs are key 
engines. GCC formation and scale-up in India remain strong, with >1,620 GCCs and an accelerating trajectory through 2030CII’s 
Centres of Excellence continue to reinforce industry competitiveness across manufacturing excellence, sustainability, skills 
and innovation.
2. Opportunities and Threats
  India has a diverse pool of STEM talent whose potential can be harnessed to accelerate the adoption of Generative AI, provided 
it is supported by a robust skill development ecosystem. At the same time, the rapid evolution of Engineering, Research & 
Development (ER&D), driven by advancements in digital engineering, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), and 
renewable energy, is creating significant growth opportunities for the industry.
  ASM Technologies, a pioneer in Engineering Services and Design-led Manufacturing, is well positioned to leverage these 
global shifts through its expertise in delivering cutting-edge digital engineering solutions that enhance efficiency, foster 
innovation, and enable next-generation manufacturing. AI-driven predictive maintenance and intelligent automotive 
systems, combined with IoT-enabled connectivity and operational efficiency, are reshaping industries.
  In parallel, the global thrust on sustainability and regulatory imperatives are catalysing investments in clean energy 
technologies, particularly solar, wind, and other renewables. This focus presents strategic opportunities for ASM Technologies 
to deliver design-led, innovative solutions that align with the future of sustainable engineering and manufacturing.
  The Company continues to strengthen its capabilities and build on its core expertise to capture these opportunities and 
deliver sustainable value to all stakeholders.
3. Segment-wise or Product-wise Performance
  The Company’s performance continues to be driven by its focus on the Hi-Tech Equipment / Semiconductor and Transportation 
sectors. The semiconductor and hi-tech segment is witnessing strong momentum with increasing global investments in 
embedded engineering, VLSI design, and product lifecycle solutions, creating opportunities for specialized partners like 
ASM to deliver innovation, scalability, and cost efficiency. At the same time, the transportation sector is undergoing rapid 
transformation through electrification, connected mobility, and regulatory shifts towards sustainability, with AI, IoT, and 
digital engineering enabling predictive maintenance, autonomous systems, and enhanced operational efficiency. Leveraging 
its deep domain expertise across both these critical sectors, ASM Technologies remains well positioned to support customers 
with cutting-edge design-led engineering and manufacturing solutions, driving efficiency, safety, and innovation in next-
generation products and platforms
4. Outlook
  India is poised to consolidate its position as a key player in the global ESDM market over the coming decade. Rising global 
expenditure, supportive government policies, a highly skilled workforce, robust internal processes, and optimized operational 
costs are expected to drive significant growth opportunities. With global industries increasingly leaning towards outsourcing 
to accelerate innovation, India offers an attractive proposition for foreign clientele and collaborative partnerships.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
47

===== PAGE 37 =====
  The Company believes that India’s ER&D share will expand materially this decade, supported by scalable talent, the rapid 
growth of Global Capability Centers (GCCs), and strong policy support. Demand tailwinds from Generative AI, electrification, 
and semiconductors are expected to further accelerate opportunities. In this context, ASM Technologies will continue to 
strengthen its focus on design-led manufacturing, intellectual property and solution development, and value-accretive 
partnerships, positioning itself to capitalize on these opportunities and deliver sustainable long-term growth.
5. Risks and Concerns
  The sector presents significant opportunities but is also subject to several risks that must be proactively managed. Talent 
shortages and skill gaps remain a pressing concern, given the rapid evolution of digital technologies. Data privacy and 
cybersecurity are equally critical, as increasing reliance on AI-driven solutions heightens exposure to vulnerabilities. Further, 
regulatory complexities and ethical considerations, including AI bias, demand robust governance to maintain stakeholder trust.
 a. Competition Risk
   The sector is highly competitive, and only firms that continually upgrade their capabilities and offerings in line with 
emerging technologies can thrive. Technologies are shifting rapidly from traditional engineering to Analytics, Big Data, 
AI, and Robotics. ASM addresses this risk by deepening its domain expertise, investing in technology capabilities, and 
strengthening customer engagement. The Company differentiates itself by delivering value-added, innovative solutions 
through its strong engineering culture, strategic acquisitions, and integrated design-to-manufacturing capabilities.
 b. Financial Risk.
   The sector would have to re-adopt technology disruptions by reshaping enterprises and focus on technology-led 
platforms, as the currency volatility and innovative technologies such as artificial intelligence, automation, etc have 
disrupted the sector’s traditional products and solutions With a significant portion of the company’s revenues coming 
from exports, volatility in exchange rates may impact Company`s business adversely. The company however mitigates 
the risks with robust accounts receivable management, centralised framework to control expenses and currency hedging 
strategies by the management. The company has a defined policy for managing its foreign exchange exposure. The 
company tracks the foreign exchange markets closely and takes appropriate hedging decisions from time to time if 
need be. The risk policy of the Board covers some of this large macro level risk and the remedial measures taken by the 
company to face and mitigate some of these risks.
 c. New Technologies and Business Models
   With ESDM being one of the fastest-growing global segments, the pace of technological change remains both 
a challenge and an opportunity. Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Automation, and Digital Engineering are 
disrupting traditional models. ASM, as a System Design House, is well-positioned to manage this transition, offering 
end-to-end capabilities across Software, Electronics, Mechanical, and Embedded systems under one roof. The Company 
focuses on prototyping, limited manufacturing through partners, and IP-led innovation to drive non-linear growth. 
Investments in R&D and innovation have enhanced ASM’s ability to deliver next-generation solutions and strengthened 
its global positioning
 d.  Geography Risk
   Global volatility, including geopolitical tensions, trade restrictions, and economic slowdowns, can impact business 
sentiment. ASM mitigates this risk by maintaining a diversified geographic footprint, with revenue streams spread across 
multiple markets and industries. Its strong offshore delivery model provides a healthier bottom line and cushions against 
downturns in any one geography.
   ASM mitigates competition and pricing pressures through continuous capability upgrades, deep domain expertise, 
and differentiated offerings, while financial and forex exposure risks are addressed with a robust hedging framework, 
disciplined receivable management, and stringent cost controls. Cybersecurity, privacy, and compliance risks are 
managed through enhanced information security measures, regular audits, and necessary certifications. Geopolitical 
and macroeconomic uncertainties are countered by maintaining a diversified geographic presence, adopting flexible 
delivery models, and building strong client partnerships. With this balanced approach of innovation, operational 
discipline, and customer-centricity, ASM is well-positioned to manage risks effectively and ensure sustainable long-
term growth.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
48

===== PAGE 38 =====
6.  Internal Control Systems and Their Adequacy
  Effective internal control systems are crucial for the sector to manage risks and ensure operational efficiency. The integration 
of advanced data analytics and AI in internal controls can help detect anomalies and enhance decision-making processes. 
Establishing industry-specific lab facilities and innovation hubs can also provide robust testing and validation environments 
to ensure the quality and reliability of ER&D outputs. Regular audits and adherence to international standards are essential 
to maintain the integrity of internal control systems and foster a culture of continuous improvement within the sector.
  The Internal Control System has been designed to ensure that assets and interest of the company are protected and 
dependability of accounting data and its accuracy are ensured with proper checks and balances. The internal control systems 
adopted by the company are adequate and appropriate to its operations so as to ensure uninterrupted functioning of its 
business. The system has been designed to ensure that assets and interest of the company are protected and dependability 
of accounting data and its accuracy are ensured with proper checks and balances. The existing internal control systems and 
their adequacy are frequently reviewed and improved upon to meet the changing business environment.
  The Company has internal audit to examine and evaluate the adequacy and effectiveness of Internal Control system. The 
internal audit ensures that the system designed and implemented to provide adequate internal control commensurate with 
the size and operations of the company. The Audit Committee of the company chaired by the independent director and 
consisting of other non-executive independent directors, periodically review and commend the quarterly, half yearly and 
annual financial statement of the company. A detailed note on the functioning of the audit committee forms part of the 
chapter on Corporate Governance in this Report.
  The management duly considers and takes appropriate action on the recommendations made by the statutory auditors, 
internal auditors and independent Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
Financial Overview
a. Share Capital
  The Company has at present only one class of shares. The authorized share capital is 1,90,00,000 Equity shares of I 10/- each, 
constituting to I190.00 Mn. There was increase in the issued, subscribed and paid up capital of I 117.74 Mn during the year 
under review. Company allotted the shares under conversion of warrants issued in previous year.
b.  Shareholder Funds
  The total shareholder funds was I1738.62 Mn as at 31st March, 2025 against I1498.44 Mn as of the previous year end.
c.  Fixed Assets
  As on 31st March 2025 the gross block of assets stood at I350.84 Mn for the standalone and I474.14 Mn for the consolidated.
d. Net Worth
  The return on Net worth ( RONW) for the year ended 31 st March 2025 was 14.16% for the standalone and 15.18 % for 
the consolidated.
e. Earnings per share
  The Earnings Per Share (EPS) for the year ended 31st March 2025 stood at I22.33 (Basic) and I18.15 (Diluted) on a standalone 
basis, and I21.28 (Basic) and I17.30 (Diluted) on a consolidated basis.
f.  Revenue
  On the standalone front, ASM registered a total revenue of I 2,397.73 million for the year ended 31st March 2025. Domestic 
sales contributed I 1,381.31 million, while export sales accounted for I 474.86 million. The EBITDA stood at I 432.39 million, 
representing 18.02% of total revenues, with a net profit after tax of I 262.95 million, representing 10.97% of total revenues. 
On a consolidated basis, the Company reported total revenues of I 2,888.10 million for the year ended 31st March 2025, with 
an EBITDA of I505.42 million representing 17.50% of total revenues and a net profit after tax of I250.63 million representing 
8.68% of total revenues.
g.  Operating Profit (EBIDTA)
  The EBITDA stood at I 432.39 million, representing 18.02% of total revenues, with a net profit after tax of I 262.95 million, 
representing 10.97% of total revenues. On a consolidated basis, an EBITDA of I 505.42 million representing 17.50% of total 
revenues and a net profit after tax of I 250.63 million representing 8.68% of total revenues.
h.  Net Profit after Tax/Loss
  Net profit after tax was I262.95 Mn on the standalone front and Profit of I250.63 Mn for the consolidated, for the year ended 
31st March, 2025
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
49

===== PAGE 39 =====
i.  Developments in Human Resources/ Industrial Relations
  The total employee strength of the company, as on 31st March, 2025 was 1834 as compared to 1260 the previous year.
  At ASM, our employees are our most valuable asset. We are dedicated to fostering a supportive and dynamic work 
environment through innovative initiatives aimed at attracting, training, retaining, and motivating our team. Our endeavors 
are underpinned by a robust set of values and policies designed to ensure a healthy, happy, and prosperous workplace. We 
firmly believe that our people are the primary drivers of our success, making human resource development a core component 
of our mission.
  In line with this belief, ASM has implemented a timely and cost-effective recruitment system to attract top-tier talent. Our 
compensation and benefits policies are aligned with the latest trends in the market, ensuring that we remain competitive 
and our employees feel valued. By continuously enhancing our work environment and focusing on employee well-being and 
professional growth, we fulfill not only the aspirations of our workforce but also drive the overall success and innovation of 
the company.
j.  Ratios: 
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
current ratio 2.74 3.81
debt equity ratio 0.41 0.42
net profit (%) 10.97% 1.57%
inventory turnover 4.38 10.38
Return on equity 15.14% 2.30%
Net capital turnover ratio 1.73 1.19
Details of the ratio forms part of financials
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
50

===== PAGE 40 =====
Report on Corporate Governance
(Pursuant to Schedule V ( C ) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015
I. Company’s Philosophy on Code of Corporate Governance
  At ASM, Corporate Governance is a core principle that guides our business processes and is deeply rooted in our commitment 
to ethical values. These values and principles establish the framework for managing our company affairs with fairness and 
transparency. We believe that robust corporate governance is essential for enhancing and maintaining investor trust, and we 
consider it our inherent responsibility to disclose timely and accurate information regarding our financial performance and 
overall company activities.
  Effective corporate governance necessitates a clear understanding of the roles of the Board and senior management, and 
their interrelations within the corporate structure. During the year under review, our Board has continued to pursue these 
objectives through the adoption and monitoring of strategic corporate policies, prudent business planning, risk management, 
and ensuring compliance with legal and ethical responsibilities. At the heart of our corporate governance practice is the Board 
of Directors, which is tasked with safeguarding and advancing the interests of our shareholders, acting as their representative 
in establishing corporate policies, and reviewing management's execution of these policies. The Board of Directors fully 
supports and endorses corporate governance practices, striving to exceed statutory requirements.
  The Company is in compliance with the requirements stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses 
(b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as applicable, with regard to corporate governance
II. Board of Directors
 i. Composition of the Board
 y The Board of Directors holds primary responsibility for the overall management of the company. The Board consists 
of six members: two Independent Directors, three Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors, and one Executive 
Director, who is the Managing Director. The company is led by a Non-Executive Chairman, ensuring that the number 
of Independent Directors exceeds one-third of the total Board members. This composition is in compliance with 
Regulation 17 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 2015 read with section 149 and 152 of the Act.
 y The Chairman is primarily responsible for ensuring that the Board provides effective governance for the company, 
presiding over meetings of the Board and shareholders, and facilitating effective communication among Directors. 
The Managing Director focuses on corporate strategy, planning, and other management matters, being responsible 
for achieving annual business targets, acquisitions, new initiatives, and investments. Senior management personnel 
periodically present to the Board on their areas of responsibility and performance.
 y Board meetings are held at the Registered Office in Bangalore, India, or through video conferencing. Agendas, along 
with explanatory notes, are distributed in advance to the Directors. The Board meets at least once a quarter to review 
quarterly results and other agenda items, including during the Annual General Meeting of the shareholders. During the 
Financial Year 2024-25, the Board considered information as specified in Schedule II Part A of the Listing Regulations.
 y In accordance with Section 149 read with Schedule IV to the Act and Listing Regulations, a meeting of the Independent 
Directors was held during the Financial Year 2024-25 without the attendance of Non-Independent Directors and 
management members.
 y None of the Directors on the Board: holds directorships in more than ten public companies; serves as Director or as 
Independent Directors in more than seven listed entities; and who are the Executive Directors serve as independent 
directors in more than three listed entities. Necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions in other public 
companies as on March 31, 2025, have been made by the Directors.
 y During the financial year 2024-25, the Board has accepted all the recommendations of its Committees
 y During the financial year 2024-25, 6 meetings of the Board were held, on 27.05.2024, 20.07.2024, 11.08.2024, 04.10.2024, 
09.11.2024and 12.02.2024
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
51

===== PAGE 41 =====
 y The names and categories of the directors on the Board, their attendance at Board Meetings held during the year 
under review and at the last Annual General Meeting (“AGM”), name of other listed entities in which the Director is a 
director and the number of Directorships and Committee Chairmanships/Memberships held by them in other public 
limited companies as on March 31, 2024, are given herein below. Other directorships do not include directorships of 
private limited companies, foreign companies and companies registered under Section 8 of the Act. Further, none 
of them is a member of more than ten committees or chairman of more than five committees across all the public 
limited companies in which he/she is a director. For the purpose of determination of limit of the Board Committees, 
chairpersonship and membership of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee has been 
considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations.
Name & 
Designation Category
No. of 
Board 
Meetings 
held
No. of 
Board 
Meetings 
attended
Attendance 
at the last 
AGM held 
on 20th July, 
2024
No. of 
Director-ships 
of other public 
companies
No. of 
Committee 
Positions 
held in Other 
companies # 
Member
Chairman
Mr. M R Vikram 
Chairman
Chairman, Non 
Independent Non-
Executive Director
6 6 Yes 6 3 3
Mr. Rabindra 
Srikantan 
Managing Director
Promoter, 
Executive Director
6 6 Yes 1 1 2
Mr. M. 
Lakshminarayan 
Director
Independent, 
Director
6 6 Yes 7 2 1
Mr. Shekar 
Viswanathan 
Director
Non Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director
6 6 Yes 2 - -
Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan 
Director
Independent, 
Director
6 6 Yes - - -
Mr. Hardik Agrawal 
Director
Independent, 
Director
6 6 Yes - - -
Ms. Preeti Rabindra 
Director
Non Independent 
Non-Executive 
Director
6 6 Yes - - -
# Chairmanship/Membership in Board, Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee in Indian Public Limited Companies as 
per Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements ) Regulations 2015.
*Mr. Rabindra Srikantan, Managing Director is the spouse of Ms. Preeti Rabindra, Director.
  i. Name of other listed entities where Directors of the company are directors and the category of Directorship:
Name of the Director Name of listed entities in which the concerned Director 
is Director Category of Directorship
Mr. M R Vikram 
Chairman
 y GTN Industries Limited (Resigned w.e.f  
August 06, 2024)
 y Ahlada Engineers Limited
 y Sai Silks (Kalamandir) Limited
Independent Director
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan 
Director
 y Sansera Engineering Limited Independent Director
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
52

===== PAGE 42 =====
 ii. Skills / Expertise / Competencies of the Board of Directors
   In line with the requirements of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, the Board of Directors has identified the following key skills, 
expertise, and competencies that are essential for the effective functioning of the Company. The Board confirms that 
these skills are adequately represented among its members:
Skills / Expertise / Competencies Directors possessing the skills
Industry and Company Knowledge – Understanding of 
the Company’s businesses, policies, culture (Mission, Vision & 
Values), key risks, potential opportunities, and industry dynamics
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan
Behavioral Skills – Leadership attributes and competencies to 
apply knowledge and skills effectively for the Company’s growth
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan, Mr. M. Lakshminarayan
Business Strategy and Governance – Business strategy, 
sales & marketing, corporate governance, forex management, 
administration, decision-making
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan, Mr. M. Lakshminarayan, Mr. 
M. R. Vikram, Mr. Shekar Viswanathan, Mr. Ramesh 
Radhakrishnan, Mr. Hardik Agrawal, Ms. Preeti 
Rabindra
Financial and Management Skills – Financial acumen, 
accounting, capital allocation, risk management, and managerial 
capabilities
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan, Mr. M. R. Vikram, Mr. Shekar 
Viswanathan
Technical and Professional Expertise – Specialized knowledge 
and professional experience in areas relevant to the Company’s 
business
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan, Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan, 
Mr. Hardik Agrawal
   Confirmation as regards to Independence of Independent Directors:
   (i)  All Independent Directors have given declarations that they meet the criteria of Independence as laid down under 
section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. In the opinion of 
the Board, the Independent directors, fulfil the conditions of Independence specified in section 149(6) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations.
   (ii)  None of the directors are related to each other within the meaning of the term “Relative” as per Section 2(77) of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
   (iii)  No director shall hold office as a director in more than 10 public companies. No director of the Company shall serve 
on more than 10 committees or can act as chairman of more than five committees across all Indian public limited 
companies in which he/she is a Director. For the Purpose of this limitation, membership and chairmanship of the 
Audit committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship committee are only considered. No Independent director shall 
serve as Independent Director in more than seven listed companies or three listed companies in case he/she is a 
whole-time director in any listed company.
   (iv)  A letter of appointment encompassing the terms and conditions of appointment, roles, duties and liabilities have 
been issued to the Independent Directors. The terms and conditions of appointment of the Independent Directors 
are disclosed in the Company’s website at : https://www.asmltd.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/terms-and-  
condition-for-apt-of-id.pdf
III. BOARD COMMITTEES
  The Board has four committees namely, Audit committee, Stakeholders Relationship &Share transfer committee Nomination 
& Remuneration committee and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee. The quorum for meetings is either 
two members or one-third of the members whichever is higher. Usually the committees meet four times a year and the 
recommendations of the committees are submitted to the Board for approval. The Board has complete access to any 
information within the company.
  Updates provided to the Board include the following
 y Annual operating plans, budgets, capital budgets and updates,
 y Quarterly results of business operations.
 y General notices of interest.
 y Dividend data
 y Minutes of Committee meetings.
 y Materially important litigations, show cause notice, prosecution and penalty notices.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
53

===== PAGE 43 =====
 y Details of joint ventures, acquisitions of companies or collaboration agreements.
 y Information on recruitment and remuneration of senior officers immediately below the Board level.
 y Non-compliance of any regulatory, statutory or listing requirements including shareholder services such as non-payment 
of dividend and delays in share transfer.
 y Any major development in the Human resources front.
 y Any issue involving public or product liability claims of a sizeable nature.
 y Sale of assets, investments, subsidiaries of material nature, not in the regular course of business
 1. Audit Committee
   The Audit committee is constituted according to the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies Act 2013 and Regulation 
18 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015.
 y Terms of Reference The Board has constituted the Audit Committee and terms of reference include:
a) Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of the company;
b) Review and monitor the auditor’s independence and performance and effectiveness of audit process;
c) Examination of the financial statement and the auditors’ report thereon;
d) Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the company with related parties;
e) Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
f) Valuation of undertakings or assets of the company, wherever it is necessary;
g) Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;
h) Monitoring the end use of funds raised through public offers and related matters.
i) To oversee the vigil mechanism as prescribed by the rules
j) To discuss issues with internal and statutory auditors.
 y Composition as on 31.03.2025
Sl. No. Name of Director Position Status
1. Mr. M Lakshminarayan Chairman Independent Director
2. Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan Member Independent Director
3. Mr. M R Vikram Member Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director
   Secretary
   Ms. Vanishree Kulkarni - Company Secretary By Invitation
   The Chief Financial Officer and senior members of the Accounts department are present at the meetings. The 
representatives of the Statutory Auditors and Internal Auditors are also invited to the Audit meeting.
   Meeting and attendance during the year
Members No. of Meetings held No. of Meetings Attended
Mr. M Lakshminarayan 4 4
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan 4 4
Mr. M R Vikram 4 4
   Meeting of Audit Committee held during the year: 27.05.2024, 11.08.2024, 09.11.2024 and 12.02.2025.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
54

===== PAGE 44 =====
 2. Stakeholders Relationship & Share Transfer Committee
 y Role of the Committee
The Committee reviews and administers transfer of shares, transmission of shares, rematerialisation, transposition and 
issuance of duplicate share certificates as and when required, redressal of investor complaints pertaining to transfer 
of shares, non-receipt of annual reports, non-receipt of dividend, etc. & reports the same to the Board periodically.
Share Transfers in Physical Mode.
In order to expedite the process of share transfers, the Board of Directors of the Company have delegated the power 
to the Registrar & Share Transfer Agents, KFin Technologies Ltd, (The R&STA). The R&STA transfer the shares received 
in physical mode on a fortnightly basis. Summary of the shares transferred are sent to the company to be approved 
by the share transfer committee and noted by the Board.
In compliance with the listing agreement and SEBI, every quarter, the system is audited by a Practicing Company 
Secretary and Compliance Certificate to that effect is issued and filed with the Stock Exchange where the Company`s 
shares is listed.
 y Composition as on 31.03.2025
Sl. No. Name of Director Position Status
1. Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan Chairman Independent Director
2. Mr. Rabindra Srikantan Member Executive Director
3. Ms Preeti Rabindra Member Non executive Director
   Name and designation of Compliance Officer
   Ms. Vanishree Kulkarni, Company Secretary
   Meeting and attendance during the year
Members No. of Meetings held Attendance
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan 4 4
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan 4 4
Ms Preeti Rabindra 4 4
   Stakeholders relationship &Share transfer Committee Meetings held during the year: Meeting of Audit Committee held 
during the year: 27.05.2024, 11.08.2024, 09.11.2024 and 12.02.2025.
   During the year 2024-2025, 248 complaints were received all of which were resolved with nothing pending as on 31
st 
March 2024. The shareholding in dematerialized mode as on March 31st, 2025 as being 96.34 %.
   As on 31.03.2025 there is no investor Complaints/queries pending to be solved by the company /Registrars & Share 
Transfer Agents.
 3. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
   The Managing Director, being the only Executive Director is paid remuneration within the limits envisaged under 
Schedule V of the Companies Act 2013 and does not receive any commission from the subsidiary companies. The 
remuneration is approved by the Board, Remuneration Committee as well as the Shareholders of the Company. At the 
Annual General meeting of the company
   held on the 20
th of June 2017 the shareholders approved payment of increased remuneration to the Managing Director, 
within the limits of Schedule V of Companies Act 2013. This apart the shareholders also approved payment of commission 
to Non-executive & Independent Directors for a period of five years, from April, 1 2017 of a sum not exceeding 2% of the 
Net Profits calculated in accordance with provisions of Section 198 of the Companies Act 2013.
 y Terms of reference
Brief Terms of Reference is as follows-
1.  To recommend to the Board the appointment removal of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior 
Management and the remuneration payable to them.
2.  To formulate a criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of Director and 
to recommend to the Board the Policy relating to remuneration for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and 
Senior Management.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
55

===== PAGE 45 =====
3.  Formulate criteria for evaluation of the Independent Directors and the Board and to carry out evaluation of every 
Director’s performance.
4.  Identify persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in Senior Management in 
accordance with the criteria laid down in this policy.
5.  To perform such other functions as may be necessary or appropriate for the discharge of its duties and functions 
generally indicated under the Listing Regulations, Companies Act 2013 and the rules made there under.
 y Composition as on 31.03.2025
Sl. No. Name of Director Position Status
1. Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan Chairman Independent Director
2. Mr. Rabindra Srikantan Member Executive Director
3. Ms Preeti Rabindra Member Non executive Director
   Meeting and attendance during the year
Members No. of Meetings held Attendance
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan 1 1
Mr. M Lakshminarayan 1 1
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan 1 1
   Meetings of Nomination & Remuneration Committee held during the year: 12.02.2024
   Performance evaluation criteria for Independent Directors  In accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the performance evaluation of 
Independent Directors was carried out by the entire Board of Directors, excluding the Director being evaluated.
   The evaluation was conducted based on the criteria formulated by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
which, inter alia, include:
 y Personal attributes;
 y Demonstration of leadership and initiative;
 y Objectivity in rendering independent judgment; and
 y Discharge of roles, responsibilities, and accountability in the context of the Company’s business and governance.
   The outcome of the evaluation has been appropriately considered by the Board and is used to enhance the overall 
effectiveness of the Board, including identifying areas of improvement, strengthening director engagement, and 
determining training and development needs. Further details are provided in the Board’s Report.
   Details of Remuneration paid to Directors for the FY 2024-2025
(I in Mn.)
Name of Director Salary & perquisites ( K) Sitting Fees ( K) Commission K
Mr. M.R.Vikram - 0.10 0.20
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan 35.42 - -
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan - 0.09 0.20
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan - 0.06 0.20
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan - 0.11 0.20
Mr. Hardik Agrawal - 0.05 -
Ms. Preeti Rabindra - 0.09 0.20
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
56

===== PAGE 46 =====
   Shareholding in the Company of Non-Executive Directors as on 31.03.2025
Name No. of Equity shares held
Mr. M.R.Vikram NIL
Mr. M. Lakshminarayan NIL
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan NIL
Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan NIL
Mr. Hardik Agrawal 12500
Ms. Preeti Rabindra 850082
 4. Corporate Social Responsibility “CSR” Committee
 y The CSR committee was constituted on 29th July, 2014 to develop the CSR policy which shall indicate the activities to 
be undertaken by the company as specified in Section 135 and Schedule VII of companies Act 2013.
Terms of Reference
1.  To formulate and recommend to the Board a CSR Policy which shall indicate the activities undertaken by 
the Company.
2. Recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on CSR activities and
3. Monitor the CSR Policy of the company from time to time.
 y Composition as on 31.03.2025
Sl. No. Name of Director Position Status
1. Ms. Preeti Rabindra Chairman Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director
2. Mr. M.R.Vikram Member Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director
3. Mr. Shekar Viswanathan Member Non-Executive – Non-Independent Director
4. Mr. Rabindra Srikantan Member Executive Director
5 Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan Member Independent Director
Meeting and attendance during the year
Members No. of Meetings held Attendance
Mr. M.R.Vikram 2 2
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan 2 2
Mr. Rabindra Srikantan 2 2
Ms. Preeti Rabindra 2 2
Meetings of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee held during the year: 27.05.2024 and 12.02.2025
   SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETINGS
   Date, time and venue of the last three AGM`s
Year Date & Time Venue Special Resolution Passed
2021-22 16th July 2022 Video Conferencing (VC)/ Other 
Audio Visual Means (OAVM)
1.  To re-appoint M/s. B K Ramadhyani & Co. LLP , 
Chartered Accountants as statutory auditors 
of the Company and to fix their remuneration.
2.  Appointment of Branch Auditors
2022-23 29
th July 2023 Video Conferencing (VC)/ Other 
Audio Visual Means (OAVM)
1.  Appointment of Branch Auditors
2023-24 20
th July 2024 Video Conferencing (VC)/ Other 
Audio Visual Means (OAVM)
To approve the remuneration to Mr. Rabindra 
Srikantan (DIN: 00024584) as Managing Director 
Approval for payment of commission to Non 
executive Director
   Date, time and venue of the EGM during the year- Nil
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
57

===== PAGE 47 =====
 y Whether special resolutions were put through postal ballot last year- details of voting pattern, person who conducted 
the postal ballot exercise. – Yes.
Year Date of approval of postal ballot Special Resolution Passed
2024-25 8th October 2024 Appointment of Mr. Hardik Agarwal (DIN: 10580697) as an 
Independent Director
IV. Particulars of Senior Management
Name of Senior Management Personnel Roles
Krishnan Narayana Senior Vice President- Business Development
Sundar Ramanathan Vice President- Business Development
Ravishankar Reddy Vice President- Business Development
Kamal Sharma Chief Information Security Officer
Narsingh Rathod Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
V. OTHER DISCLOSURES
Particulars Statutes Website link for details/policy
Related party transactions (“RPT”) Regulation 23 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations and as defined 
under the Act
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Details of noncompliance by 
the Company, penalty, strictures 
imposed on the Company by the 
stock exchange, or Securities and 
Exchange Board of India or any 
statutory authority on any matter 
related to capital markets during 
the last three financial years
Schedule V (C) 10(b) to the SEBI 
Listing Regulations
Whistle Blower Policy and Vigil 
Mechanism
Regulation 22 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Discretionary 
requirements
Schedule II Part E of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations
The auditors’ report on financial statements of the 
Company are unmodified. Internal auditors of the 
Company make quarterly presentations to the Audit 
Committee on their reports.
The Chairman of the Company being an non-
executive is paid for maintenance for home office 
and also allowed to reimburse expenses incurred in 
performing his duties.
We communicate payment of dividend by email to 
shareholders in addition to dispatch of letters to all 
shareholders
Subsidiary Companies Regulation 24 of 
the SEBI Listing 
Regulations
The Audit Committee reviews the consolidated 
financial statements of the Company and the 
investments made by its unlisted subsidiary 
companies.
The minutes of the Board meetings along with a 
report on significant developments of the unlisted 
subsidiary companies are periodically placed before 
the Board of Directors of the Company.
The Company has a policy for determining ‘material 
subsidiaries’ which is disclosed on its website.
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Policy on Determination 
of Materiality for 
Disclosures
Regulation 30 of 
the SEBI Listing 
Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
58

===== PAGE 48 =====
Particulars Statutes Website link for details/policy
Policy on Archival and Preservation 
of Documents
Regulations 30 and 9 of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Reconciliation of Share Capital 
Audit Report
Regulation 76 of the SEBI 
(Depositories and Participants) 
Regulations, 2018 and SEBI 
Circular No. D&CC/FITTC/ Cir-
16/2002
A practising Company Secretary carried out a share 
capital audit to reconcile the total admitted equity 
share capital with the National Securities Depository 
Limited (“NSDL ”) and the Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited (“CDSL ”) and the total issued and listed 
equity share capital.
The audit report confirms that the total issued/paid-
up capital is in agreement with the total number 
of shares in physical form and the total number of 
dematerialized shares held with NSDL and CDSL.
Code of Conduct Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Terms of Appointment of 
Independent Directors
Regulation 46 of SEBI Listing 
Regulations and Section 149 
read with Schedule IV to the Act
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Familiarization Program Regulation 25(7) and 46 of SEBI 
Listing Regulations
https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
Disclosure under the Sexual 
Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2018
Section 134 of the Act, read 
with Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014
The details have been disclosed in the Boards Report 
forming part of 
the Annual Report.
Disclosure of certain type of 
agreements binding listed entities
Schedule III, Para A, Clause 5A of 
Listing Regulations
There are no agreement impacting management or 
control of the Company or imposing any restriction or 
create any liability upon the Company.
VII. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
  The quarterly, half-yearly and annual financial results of the Company are published in leading newspapers in India which 
include, Business Line, E sanje, Sanjayvani, Financial Express, Hosadiganta. The results are also displayed on the Company’s 
website www.asmltd.com
  Statutory notices are published in Business Line, E sanje, Sanjayvani, Financial Express, Hosadiganta The Company also issues 
press releases from time to time. Financial Results, Statutory Notices, Press Releases annual results are submitted to the BSE 
Limited (“BSE”) as well as uploaded on the Company’s website. Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) giving details about 
the Company and its shares is uploaded on the Company’s website www.asmltd.com investor-relations. The Management 
Discussion and Analysis Report is a part of the Annual Report.
VIII. CODE OF CONDUCT
  Annual declaration pertaining to compliance of Code of Conduct as per Regulation 26(3) of SEBI(Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements ), 2015
 I.  Rabindra Srikantan, Managing Director of ASM Technologies Ltd, to the best of my knowledge and belief, hereby declare 
that all Board Members and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct for the 
Financial Year ended 31
st March, 2025.
   This is to confirm that all the Board members and senior management personnel of the company have affirmed 
compliance of the Code of Ethics of the Company for the year ended 31
st March, 2025.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
59

===== PAGE 49 =====
Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Part C (10) (i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members,
ASM Technologies Limited
80/2, Lusanne Court, Richmond Road, Bangalore 560025
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of ASM Technologies 
Limited having CIN: L85110KA1992PLC013421 and having registered office at 80/2, Lausanne Court, Richmond Road, Bangalore – 
560025, Karnataka, India (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Company’), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing 
this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Part C Clause (10)(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number 
(DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company & its officers, 
we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ending on 31
st 
March 2025 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Sl. 
No. Name of the Director DIN Designation
1 Mr. Rabindra Srikantan 00024584 Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director
2 Mr. Vikram Ravindra Mamidipudi 00008241 Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director, Chairperson
3 Mr. Muthuswami Lakshminarayan 00064750 Non-Executive - Independent Director
4 Mr. Shekar Viswanathan 01202587 Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director
5 Mrs. Rabindra Preethi 00216818 Non-Executive - Non-Independent Director
6 Mr. Ramesh Radhakrishnan 02608916 Non-Executive - Independent Director
7 Mr. Hardik Agrawal 10580697 Non-Executive - Independent Director
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of 
the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance 
as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the 
affairs of the Company.
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of 
the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance 
as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the 
affairs of the Company.
Place: Bangalore
Date: 18
th May 2025
UDIN: F007834G000366082
For BMP & Co. LLP ,
Company Secretaries
CS Pramod S M 
Partner 
FCS No: 7834 
CP No: 13784
Peer Review Certificate No. 6387/2025
Firm Registration Number: L2017KR003200
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
60

===== PAGE 50 =====
Annexure VII 
Shareholder`S Information for the FY 2024-25 33rd Annual General Meeting
1. Date & Time: 26th September 2025 at 12 noon
2.  Venue: The Company is conducting meeting through VC/ OAVM pursuant to the MCA Circular dated May 5 th, 2020 and as 
such there is no requirement to have a venue for the AGM.
3. Date of Book Closure: 25.09.2025 - 26.09.2025 ( Both Days inclusive)
4. Financial year of Company: April to March
5. Corporate & Registered Office: No. 80/2 Lusanne Court, Richmond Road, Bangalore- 560 025
6.  Exchanges Listed at : BSE Limited P J Towers, No. 25 Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
     : The Listing Fees for the financial year 2021-22 has been paid.
7. Stock Code: BSE- 526433
8. De-mat ISIN No. in NSDL & CDSL for Equity Shares: INE867C01010
9.  Payment Dividend: The Board has recommended final dividend of I3.00 per equity share of I10/- each, subject to the approval 
of the share holders at the ensuing AGM. Once approved will be paid on or before 12 th October 2025
10.  Unclaimed Dividend: Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013, mandates that companies transfer dividend that has been 
unclaimed for a period of seven years from the unpaid dividend account to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF). 
In accordance with the following schedule, the dividend for the years mentioned as follows, if unclaimed within the period 
of seven years will be transferred to IEPF. The Company sends periodic intimation to the shareholders concerned, advising 
them to lodge their claims with respect to unclaimed dividends. Shareholders may note that both the unclaimed dividend 
and corresponding shares transferred to IEPF, including all benefits accruing on such shares, if any, can be claimed back from 
IEPF following the procedure prescribed in the Rules. No claim shall lie in respect thereof with the Company. Members who 
have not yet encashed their dividend warrant(s) pertaining to the final dividend for the Financial Year 2017-18 and onwards 
are requested to make their claims without any delay.
11.  Shares Transferred to IEPF: Pursuant to Section 124(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund Authority (Accounting Audit Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016 as amended by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
with the effect from 28 February, 2017 (“the Rules”), in case the beneficial owner has not encashed dividend warrant(s) during 
the last seven years, shares pertaining to such beneficial owners shall be required to be transferred to the Fund established 
by the Authority. Shareholders are therefore requested to contact KFin Technologies Ltd, Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
with respect to their unclaimed dividends.
12.  Suspension – No shares / securities of the Company suspended during the year under review.
13. Dematerialisation of Shares: 96.34 % of the capital has been dematerialised as on 31.3.2025
14. Market Capitalisation as on 31.3.2025: I14996.22 Mn ( as per closing price in BSE)
15. No. of Employees as on 31.03.2025: Male- 1648 Female-173
16. No. of Shareholders as on 31.03.2025: 23177
17.  Share Transfer: In terms of Regulation 40(1) of SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time, transfer, transmission 
and transposition of securities shall be effected only in dematerialized form.
  Pursuant to SEBI Circular dated January 25, 2022, the listed companies shall issue the securities in dematerialized form only, 
for processing any service requests from shareholders viz., issue of duplicate share certificates, endorsement, transmission, 
transposition, etc. After processing the service request, a letter of confirmation will be issued to the shareholders and 
shall be valid for a period of 120 days, within which the shareholder shall make a request to the Depository Participant 
for dematerializing those shares. If the shareholders fail to submit the dematerialisation request within 120 days, then the 
Company shall credit those shares in the Suspense Escrow Demat account held by the Company.
  Shareholders can claim these shares transferred to Suspense Escrow Demat account on submission of necessary documentation.
  The Stakeholder Relationship Committee is authorized by the Board severally to approve transfers, which are noted at 
subsequent Board Meetings
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
61

===== PAGE 51 =====
18. Distribution of shareholding as on 31.03.2025
No. of Shares From To No. of Shareholder % of Holders No. of Shares % to total Shares
1` - 5000 22,412 96.69 10,48,696 8.91
5001- 10000 418 1.80 3,15,706 2.69
10001- 20000 172 0.74 2,53,784 2.16
20001- 30000 59 0.26 1,45,036 1.23
30001- 40000 21 0.10 76,207 0.64
40001- 50000 20 0.09 91,915 0.78
50001- 100000 35 0.15 2,52,184 2.14
100001& Above 40 0.17 95,90,680 81.45
Total 23,177 100.00 1,17,74,208 100.00
19. The company does not have any outstanding GDRS/ ADRS/warrants or any convertible instruments.
20. Office locations The addresses and contact details of offices/locations are given in this Annual Report elsewhere.
21.  Web link where policy for determining ‘material subsidiaries is given below The Policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries 
is posted on Company’s website : https://asmltd.com/policy-disclosures/
22.  Disclosure of commodity price risk and commodity hedging activities Your Company does not have commodity price risk 
being in the ER& D sector and hence no commodity hedging is done.
23.  Loans and Advances: The Company has not given any loans and advances to firms/Companies in which directors are interested
24.  Non-compliance of any requirement of the corporate governance report of Sub- paras (2) to (10) of part c of schedule v of 
sebi (listing obligations and disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015, with reasons shall be disclosed.
  The Company has complied with all the requirements of the Corporate Governance report of sub- paras (2) to (10) of part C 
of Schedule V of Listing Regulations
25.  List of all credit ratings obtained by the entity along with any revisions thereto during the relevant financial year, for all debt 
instruments of such entity or any fixed deposit programme or any scheme or proposal of the listed entity involving mobilization 
of funds, whether in India or abroad The Company does not have any debt instruments or fixed deposit programme or any 
scheme or proposal involving mobilization of funds.
26. Commodity Price Risk and Commodity Hedging Risk – Not Applicable
27. Share holding in physical & electronic form as on 31.03.2025
Particulars No. of shares % of holding
Physical 430785 3.66
Electronic 11343423 96.34
Total 11774208 100
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
62

===== PAGE 52 =====
28. Shareholding Pattern as on 31.3.2025
Category No. of Holders Total Shares % To Equity
PROMOTER DIRECTOR 5 67,22,504 57.09517
RESIDENT INDIVIDUALS 22,366 43,04,088 36.53137
I E P F 1 2,29,472 1.948938
NON RESIDENT INDIAN NON REPATRIABLE 190 1,57,071 1.334026
BODIES CORPORATES 66 1,50,211 1.275763
NON RESIDENT INDIANS 267 93,003 0.789888
H U F 280 89,331 0.758701
FOREIGN PORTFOLIO - CORP 1 25,000 0.212329
TRUSTS 1 3,528 0.029964
23,177 1,17,74,208 100
29.  Investor Correspondence: All enquiries clarifications and Correspondences Should be addressed to Registrars & Share Transfer 
Agents or to the Compliance Officer at the Following address
Registrars & Share Transfer Agents Compliance Officer
KFin Technologies Ltd
Karvy Selenium Tower B, Plot number 31 & 32 Financial 
District, Nanakramguda Serilingampally Mandal, 
Hyderabad – 500032
Tel: 040 67162222
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Ms. Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
80/2, Lusanne Court, Richmond Road
Bangalore- 560025
Tel: 080 66962301
E-mail ID : Vanishree.kulkarni@asmltd.com
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
63

===== PAGE 53 =====
CEO/CFO Certification
Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
To
The Board of Directors
ASM TECHNOLOGIES LTD
Bangalore
We hereby certify the following:
a)  We have reviewed the financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year 2024-2025 and that to the best of our 
knowledge and belief:
  i.  these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that 
might be misleading
  ii.  these statements together present a true and fair view of the company`s affairs and are in compliance with the existing 
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
b)  There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the company during the year which are 
fraudulent, illegal or violative of the company `s code of conduct
c)   We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated 
the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the company pertaining to financial reporting and have disclosed to the 
auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are 
aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies
d)  We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee
  i.  significant changes if any in internal control over financial reporting during the year
  ii.  significant changes if any in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to 
the financial statements; and
  iii.  instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management 
or an employee having a significant role in the company `s internal control system over financial reporting
Place : Bangalore Rabindra Srikantan Narsingh Rathod
Date : 18.05.2025 
Managing Director Chief Financial Officer
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
64

===== PAGE 54 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of ASM Technologies Limited
Report on Audit of the Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements
Opinion:
We have audited the standalone Ind AS Financial Statements 
of ASM Technologies Limited (“the Company”) which comprise 
of balance sheet as at March 31, 2025, the statement of profit & 
loss, statement of changes in equity and the cashflow statement 
for the year then ended, notes to Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements including a summary of significant accounting 
policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone Ind 
AS financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 as amended (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company 
as at March 31, 2025, profits (including other comprehensive 
income), changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended 
on that date.
Basis of Opinion:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described in 
the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone 
Ind AS Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of 
Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements under the 
provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
standalone financial statements of the current period. These 
matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
standalone Ind AS financial statements as a whole, and 
in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the 
matters described below to be the key audit matters to be 
communicated in our report.
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Adoption of Ind AS 115 - Revenue from Contract with Customers as described in note 2.2 (i) and note 18 of the Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements:
The Company has accounted revenue as per Ind AS 115 - 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
Application of Ind AS 115, including selection of transition 
method involves significant judgment in determining when 
‘control’ of the goods or services underlying the performance 
obligation is transferred to the customer.
As the revenue recognition, due to the significance of the 
balance to the financial statements as a whole, we regard this as 
a key audit matter.
As part of our audit procedures, our procedures included the 
following:
 y We have read the accounting policy for revenue recognition 
and assessed compliance of the policy in terms of principles 
enunciated under Ind AS 115.
 y We obtained and understood the revenue recognition 
process including determination of point of transfer of 
control and completion of performance obligation.
 y We performed test of details, on a sample basis, and 
examined the underlying customer contracts.
 y We examined the disclosures made by management in 
compliance with the requirements of Ind AS 115.
Conclusion:
Our procedures did not identify any material exceptions.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
65

===== PAGE 55 =====
Other Matter:
We draw attention to Note 37 to the Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements which explains that the comparative figures 
presented as at and for the year ended March 31, 2024 have 
been restated due to the accounting for a business combination 
in accordance with Ind AS 103, Business Combinations. Our 
opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Other Information, [such as “Information 
Other than the Standalone Ind AS Financial 
Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon”]:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the board report 
but does not include the standalone Ind AS financial statements 
and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the standalone Ind AS financial statements does 
not cover the other information and we do not express any form 
of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent 
with the financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the 
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based 
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a 
material misstatement of this other information, we are required 
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information identified above 
when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether 
the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, 
or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
Management’s Responsibility for Standalone 
Ind AS Financial Statements:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters 
stated in section 134(5) of the Act, with respect to the preparation 
of these standalone Ind AS financial statements that give a true 
and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, 
changes in equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including the accounting standards specified under section 
133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions 
of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and 
for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate implementation 
and maintenance of accounting policies; making judgments 
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant 
to the preparation and presentation of the standalone Ind AS 
financial statement that give a true and fair view and are free 
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone Ind AS financial statements, 
management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability 
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters 
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of 
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the 
Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Ind AS Standalone Financial Statements:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the Standalone Ind AS financial statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or 
error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. 
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not 
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs 
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. 
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered 
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions 
of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
through the audit. We also:
 y Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
standalone Ind AS financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to 
those risks and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of 
not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is 
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, 
or the override of internal control.
 y Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the 
audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are 
also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the 
Company has adequate internal financial controls system in 
place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
 y Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
 y Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the ability of the Company to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to 
the related disclosures in the standalone Ind AS financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify 
our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
66

===== PAGE 56 =====
future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease 
to continue as a going concern.
 y Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the standalone Ind AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the standalone Ind AS financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements:
1.  As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government of 
India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the 
Act, we give in the Annexure – A, a statement on the 
matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to 
the extent applicable.
2.  As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
  a)  We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
  b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books.
  c)  The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss, 
statement of changes in equity and the Cash Flow 
Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement 
with the books of account.
  d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone Ind AS 
financial statements comply with the Accounting 
Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act as 
amended from time to time.
  e)  On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken 
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified as on that date from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of 
the Act.
  f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to 
our separate Report in “Annexure - B”.
  g)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with requirement 
of Section 197 (16) of the Act, as amended:
   In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanation given to us, the remuneration 
paid during the current year by the Company is in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the 
Act. The remuneration paid to any director/ manager 
by the Company, is not in excess of the limit laid 
down under Section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details 
under Section 197(16) which are required to be 
commented upon by us.
 h)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  i)  The Company has disclosed its pending 
litigations which would impact its financial 
position in Note 32 of the Standalone Ind AS 
financial statements.
  ii)  The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts as required under the applicable law 
or accounting standards, and also not entered 
into any derivative contracts, accordingly no 
provision is required to be made in respect of 
material foreseeable losses.
  iii)  During the year, the Company has remitted 
an amount of  I 0.58 million to Investor 
Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) as per 
the provisions of the Act. However, due to a 
technical error at the bank's end, the amount 
has been returned to the Company's bank 
account. The management is in the process of 
taking the corrective steps to remit the same 
and said amount is outstanding as at March 
31, 2025.
  iv) a.  The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the Company to or in any other 
person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
67

===== PAGE 57 =====
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
   b.  The Management has represented, 
that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) 
have been received by the Company 
from any person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
   c.  Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as 
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain 
any material misstatement
  v. a)  Based on the information and explanation 
furnished to us by the Company, final 
dividend paid by it which was proposed 
in the previous year and interim dividend 
paid during the year are in accordance 
with section 123 of the Act.
   b)  As per note 43 of the financial statements, 
the Board of Directors has proposed a final 
dividend which is subject to approval by 
the members of the Company in ensuing 
annual general meeting.
  vi.  Based on our examination, which included 
test checks, the Company has used accounting 
software systems for maintaining its books 
of account for the financial year ended March 
31, 2025 which have the feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has 
operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software systems. 
Further, during the course of our audit we did 
not come across any instance of the audit trail 
feature being tampered with and the audit trail 
has been preserved by the Company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention.
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA Vasuki H S)
Partner
Place: Bangalore Membership No: 212013
Date: May 18, 2025 UDIN: 25212013BMLXLP4394
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
68

===== PAGE 58 =====
Annexure-A
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH 1 UNDER THE HEADING “REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS” OF 
OUR REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED.
1. a) i.  The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars including quantitative 
details. However, it is in the process of updating 
details of location/ situation of Property, Plant & 
Equipment (“PPE”).
  ii.  The Company has maintained records showing 
full particulars of intangible assets with its 
current location.
 b)  Management has informed us that it has not carried 
out physical verification of PPE during the year. 
However, it will be carried out in a phased manner 
in the ensuing year. Accordingly, the provisions of 
clause 3 (i)(b) of the Order are not applicable.
  c)  According to the information and explanation given 
to us by the Company, title deed of all immovable 
properties (other than properties where the 
company is the lessee and the lease agreements are 
duly executed in favour of the lessee) are held in the 
name of the Company.
  d)  Based on the information and explanation given to 
us by the Company, it has not revalued any of its PPE 
or intangible assets.
  e)  Based on the information and explanation given to us 
by the Company, there are no proceedings initiated 
or are pending against the Company for holding any 
benami property under the Benami Transactions 
(Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
2. a)  According to the information and explanations 
given to us and based on our examination of the 
records, the Company has not conducted physical 
verification of inventory during the year. Accordingly, 
we are unable to comment on the appropriateness 
of the coverage, procedures of such verification, or 
whether any discrepancies were noticed and dealt 
in the books of account.
 b)  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
us by the Company, the Company has been 
sanctioned working capital limits in excess of Rs. Five 
crores in aggregate during the year. Differences in 
respect of statements filed by the company with the 
banks are reported in note 16 of the standalone Ind 
AS financial statements.
3.  The Company has made investments in companies, limited liability partnerships and granted unsecured loans to its subsidiaries.
 a)  According to the information and explanation furnished to us, the Company has furnished guarantee and given an 
unsecured loan to its subsidiaries the details are as under:
Particulars Guarantees Loans
Aggregate amount granted / provided during the year to its Subsidiaries  Nil I220.59 million
Balance outstanding as at the balance sheet date 99.00 million I 332.07 million
  b)  The Company has not made any investments, given 
guarantees or securities which are prejudicial to in 
the interest of the Company. Accordingly, provisions 
of clause 3 (iii)(b) is not applicable.
  c)  In respect of loans granted by the Company, the 
schedule of repayment of principal and payment 
of interest has been stipulated. An amount of I 2.21 
million of interest is overdue for more than 2 years 
from a foreign subsidiary and I64.30 million which is 
overdue for more 30 days from an Indian subsidiary 
as on the balance sheet date.
  d)  The loan granted to a foreign subsidiary amounting 
to I 12.32 million became due in financial year 
2022 - 23. The Company’s Board of Directors have 
approved conversion of the said loan into equity 
share capital of the said subsidiary, and the amount 
is presently disclosed as share application money 
pending allotment. In our opinion, management 
has represented us that the subsidiary company 
has initiated the process for allotting the shares to 
the Company.
 e)  The Company has not granted any loans or advances 
in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or 
without specifying any terms or period of repayment 
during the year. Hence, reporting under clause 3(iii)
(f) is not applicable.
4  Based on the information and explanations given to us, the 
Company has complied with the provisions of sections 185 
and 186 in respect of loans granted, investments made and 
guarantees provided.
5.  The Company has not accepted any deposits as 
applicable under the directives issued by the Reserve 
Bank of India and the provisions of sections 73 to 76 or 
any other provisions of the Act and rules framed under. 
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
69

===== PAGE 59 =====
Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3(v) of the said Order 
are not applicable.
6.  To the best of our knowledge and explanations given to us, 
the Central Government has prescribed the maintenance 
of cost records under sub-section (1) of section 148 of the 
Act and the Company is in the process of preparing the 
said records as at the end of the year and accordingly, we 
are unable to comment on the maintenance of the same.
7 . a)  According to the records of the Company, the 
Company is generally regular in depositing 
undisputed statutory dues including provident fund, 
Goods and Service Tax and any other statutory dues 
to the appropriate authorities as at March 31, 2025 
concerned for a period of more than six months from 
the date they became payable.
 b)  According to the records of the Company and according to the information and explanation given to us, there are certain 
dues outstanding on account of any disputes in respect of income tax, service tax, customs duty or excise duty or value 
added tax are as under:
Name of the statute Nature of dues Amount  
(K In million)
Period to which the amount 
relates
Forum where  
dispute is pending
The Finance Act, 1994 Service Tax 15.89 June 16, 2005, to 
September 30, 2009
CESTAT, Bangalore
Service Tax 19.63 2012 – 13 Commissioner of Service 
Tax (Appeals)
8.  According to the information and explanation given to 
us, there are no transactions not recorded in the books 
of account, which have been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the year in the tax assessment in the 
Income Tax Act, 1961.
9. a.  According to the information and explanation 
furnished to us, the Company has not defaulted in 
the repayment of borrowings or in the payment of 
interest thereon.
  b.  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
to us, the Company has not been declared wilful 
defaulter by any bank or financial institution or 
government or any government authority.
  c.  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
to us by the Company it has used the term loan for 
the purpose for which it was borrowed.
  d.  On an overall examination of the financial statements 
of the Company, funds raised on short term basis 
have, prima facie, not been used during the year for 
long-term purposes by the Company.
  e.  On an overall examination of the financial statements 
of the Company, the Company has not taken any 
funds from any entity or person on account of or to 
meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or 
joint ventures. Accordingly, provision of clause 3(ix)
(e) of the Order is not applicable.
10. a)  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
to us by the Company, it has not raised any money 
by way of initial public offer or further public offer 
(including debt instruments) during the year. 
Accordingly, provisions of clause 3 (x)(a) of the Order 
is not applicable.
  b)  According to the information and explanations given 
to us and based on our audit procedures, the Company 
has not made any preferential allotment or private 
placement of shares or fully or partly convertible 
debentures during the year under review. Accordingly, 
the provisions of Sections 42 and 62 of the Act, are not 
applicable for the year.
11. a)  According to the information and explanation given 
to us, no frauds reported by the Company or any 
fraud on the Company by its officers or employees, 
has been noticed or reported during the year. 
Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3(xi) (a) of the 
said Order is not applicable.
  b)  According to the information and explanation given 
to us, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 
of the Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed 
under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 with the Central Government, during the 
year and up to the date of this report
 c)  Based on the information and explanation given to 
us, there are no whistle blower complaints received 
by the Company during the year and accordingly, 
provisions of the clause 3 (xi)(c) of the Order is 
not applicable.
12.  The Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, 
the provisions of clause 3(xii) of the said Order are 
not applicable.
13.  In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanation given to us and as represented to us by 
the management, all transactions with the related 
parties are in compliance with section 177 and 188 of 
the Act and the details have been disclosed in the Ind 
AS financial statements as required by the applicable 
accounting standards.
14. a)  Based on the information and explanation furnished 
to us by the Company, it has an adequate internal 
audit system commensurate with the size and nature 
of business.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
70

===== PAGE 60 =====
  b)  We have considered, the internal audit reports for the 
year under audit, issued to the Company during the 
year and till date, in determining the nature, timing 
and extent of our audit procedures.
15.  As represented to us by the management and according to 
the information and explanation given to us, the Company 
has not entered into any non-cash transactions with 
directors or persons connected with him. Accordingly, 
the provisions of clause 3(xv) of the said Order are 
not applicable.
16. a)  In our opinion, the Company is not required to be 
registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of 
India Act, 1934. Accordingly, the provisions of clause 
3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
 b)  In our opinion, there is no core investment company 
within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment 
Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016 and 
accordingly the provisions of the clause 3(xvi)(d) of 
the Order is not applicable
17.  The Company has not incurred any cash loss during the 
year or in the immediately preceding previous year.
18.  According to the information and explanation furnished 
to us by the Company, there is no resignation of statutory 
auditors during the year.
19.  On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the 
financial statements and our knowledge of the Board 
of Directors and Management plans and based on our 
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, 
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to 
believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date 
of the audit report indicating that Company is not capable 
of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance 
sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year 
from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is 
not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. 
We further state that our reporting is based on the facts 
up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any 
guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, 
will get discharged by the Company as and when they 
fall due.
20.  Based on the information and explanation provided by 
the Company there is no unspent amount on account of 
Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) in the earlier years. 
Further, there was no unspent CSR amount on account of 
ongoing projects which need to transferred to separate 
bank account. Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3 (xx) 
of the order is not applicable.
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA H S Vasuki)
Partner
Place: Bangalore Membership No: 212013
Date: May 18, 2025 UDIN: 25212013BMLXLP4394
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
71

===== PAGE 61 =====
Annexure-B 
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH 2 (f) UNDER THE HEADING “REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS” 
OF OUR REPORT TO THE MEMBERS ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under 
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”):
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of ASM Technologies Limited (“the Company”) as 
of March 31, 2025, in conjunction with our audit of the Ind AS 
financial statements of the Company for the year ended on 
that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal 
Financial Controls:
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and 
maintaining internal financial controls based on “the internal 
control over financial reporting criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India”. These responsibilities include 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of 
its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the 
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required 
under the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”).
Auditors’ Responsibility:
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on 
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards 
on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under 
section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of 
internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal 
Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting:
A company’s internal financial control over financial reporting is 
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal 
financial control over financial reporting includes those policies 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records 
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) 
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that 
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
72

===== PAGE 62 =====
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting:
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over 
financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion:
In our opinion, the Company, in all material respects, has an 
adequate internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over financial 
reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, 
based on “the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”. 
However, the Company needs to strengthen the documentation 
in respect of inventory records maintained by it.
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA H S Vasuki)
Partner
Place: Bangalore Membership No: 212013
Date: May 18, 2025 UDIN: 25212013BMLXLP4394
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
73

===== PAGE 63 =====
Particulars Note no As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
(1) Non-current assets
(a)  Property, Plant and Equipment 3 350.84 150.33
(b)  Intangible assets 4 40.48 27.49
(c)  Financial Assets 5
(i)  Investments (i) 268.54 111.95
(ii)  Loans and advances (ii) 40.58 69.75
(d)  Deferred tax assets (net) 6 18.95 29.07
(e)  Other non-current assets 7 6.36 87.00
Total Non-current assets 725.75 475.59
(2) Current assets
(a)  Inventories 8 88.89 10.29
(b)  Financial Assets
  (i)  Investments 9 (i) 123.83 114.50
  (ii)  Trade receivables 9 (ii) 1,431.83 737.54
  (iii)  Cash and cash equivalents 9 (iii) (a) 3.13 3.10
  (iv)  Bank balances other than (iii) above 9 (iii) (b) 106.36 706.54
  (v)  Loans 9 (iv) 332.19 304.12
  (vi)  Others 9 (v) 68.16 26.10
(c)  Other current assets 10 29.56 52.55
Total Current Assets 2,183.95 1,954.74
TOTAL ASSETS 2,909.70 2,430.33
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a)  Equity Share capital 11 118.77 117.74
(b)  Other Equity 12 1,738.62 1,498.44
(c)  Money received against share warrants - -
Total Equity 1,857.39 1,616.18
LIABILITIES
(1) Non-current liabilities
(a)  Financial Liabilities
(i)  Borrowings 13 163.17 188.68
(ii)  Lease liabilities 14 37.74 90.07
(b)  Provisions 15 53.65 22.05
Total Non-current liabilities 254.56 300.80
(2) Current liabilities
(a)  Financial Liabilities
(i)  Borrowings 16 (i) 527.60 383.36
(ii)  Lease liabilities 34.27 13.43
(iii)  Trade payables 16 (ii)
  (A)  total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 2.13 4.52
  (B)  total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises 156.41 22.19
(iv)  Other financial liabilities 16 (iii) 9.22 8.03
(b)  Other current liabilities 16(iv) 51.80 57.86
(c)  Provisions 17 16.32 23.96
Total Current liabilities 797.75 513.35
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 2,909.70 2,430.33
Summary of material accounting policies 1, 2
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Standalone Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
74

===== PAGE 64 =====
Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the period ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars Note no. Current Year Previous year
I Revenue from operations 18 2,397.73 1,711.14
II Other income 19 148.48 128.32
Total Income (i) 2,546.21 1,839.46
Expenses
III Cost of Goods Consumed 20 295.73 63.68
IV Changes in Inventories 21 (78.60) (10.29)
V Employee benefits expense 22 1,399.89 1,243.11
VI Finance costs 23 100.06 83.24
VII Depreciation and amortization expenses 24 62.17 67.33
VIII Other expenses 25 404.74 355.46
Total expenses (ii) 2,183.99 1,802.53
IX Profit/(loss) before tax and Exceptional Items[(i)- (ii)] 362.22 36.97
X Exceptional Item 3.79 -
XI Profit/(loss) before tax (IX-X) 358.43 36.97
XII Tax expenses
(i)  Current tax 35 81.01 17.78
(ii)  Deferred tax 11.91 7.97
(iii)  Prior Year tax 2.56 (15.63)
Total tax expense 95.48 10.12
XIII Profit/(Loss) for the year 262.95 26.85
XIV Other Comprehensive Income
A (i)  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
     Remeasurement of defined benefit plans (4.04) 1.59
  (ii)  Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
     Deferred tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 1.02 (0.40)
B (i)  Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
     Changes in fair value of investments in equity instruments (5.39) (1.56)
  (ii)  Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
     Deferred tax on fair valuation of investments in equity instruments 0.77 0.39
(7.64) 0.02
XV Total Comprehensive Income for the year 255.31 26.87
XVI Earnings per equity share [nominal value of share I10 (March 31, 2024: I10)] 26
Basic 22.33 2.52
Diluted 18.15 2.50
Summary of significant accounting policies
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
75

===== PAGE 65 =====
Cash Flow Statement 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
(A) Cash flows from operating activities
Profit / (loss) before tax 358.43 36.93
Adjustment to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:
Depreciation and amortization expense 62.09 67.33
Finance costs 100.06 83.24
Interest income (78.86) (33.41)
Dividend income (0.08) (0.01)
Fair valuation of investments (9.34) (8.00)
Share of profit/loss in LLP (16.53) 65.96
Provision no longer required (29.61) (65.57)
Loss on sale of investments - -
(Profit)/ loss on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment & IP 0.72 -
Operating profit before working capital changes 386.96 146.47
Movements in working capital:
Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables 131.83 (98.71)
Increase/ (decrease) in other current liabilities (6.07) (1.84)
Decrease / (increase) in inventories (78.60) -
Decrease / (increase) in trade receivables (700.28) 40.77
Decrease / (increase) in other non current assets - 70.66
Decrease / (increase) in other current assets 59.94 61.45
Decrease / (increase) in other financial assets 2.57 (60.97)
Decrease / (increase) in loans and advances 1.08 (117.88)
Increase / (decrease) in provisions 21.74 5.48
Cash generated from /(used in) operations (180.91) 45.43
Direct taxes paid, net 3.95 107.09
Net cash flow from/ (used in) operating activities (A) (184.86) (61.66)
(B) Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of Property, plant & equipment
(including capital work in progress and capital advances)
(278.97) (9.30)
Proceeds from sale of Property Plant & equipment 3.40 -
Purchase of non current investments (151.20) (54.87)
Proceeds from sale of current investments - 10.00
(Increase)/decrease in other bank balances 600.18 (617.84)
Dividend received 0.08 -
Interest received 36.81 23.25
Net cash flow from/ (used in) investing activities (B) 210.30 (648.76)
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
76

===== PAGE 66 =====
Cash Flow Statement 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
(C) Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from issue of equity shares and warrants 10.97 786.18
Proceeds from long-term borrowings 145.44 66.79
Proceeds/(Repayment) from/of issue of Non Convertible Debentures (91.64) 91.64
Repayment of long-term borrowings (89.84) (39.04)
Lease payments (31.49) (39.31)
Increase/(decrease) of short-term borrowings, net 154.79 (29.11)
Interest paid (99.49) (82.03)
Dividends paid (including tax on dividend) (24.15) (44.72)
Net cash flow from/ (used in) in financing activities (C) (25.41) 710.40
(D) Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A + B + C) 0.03 (0.02)
(E) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 3.10 2.68
(F) Cash on account of Merger 0.44
(F) Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 3.13 3.10
The Company has followed indirect cashflow method as per IND AS 7
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
77

===== PAGE 67 =====
Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
a.  Equity Share Capital
 Current Reporting Period:
Particulars K In millions
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 117.74
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors -
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 117.74
Changes in Equity Share Capital during the current year 1.03
Balance at the end of the current reporting period 118.77
  Previous Reporting Period:
Particulars K In millions
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 103.00
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors -
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 103.00
Changes in Equity Share Capital during the current year (partly paid) 14.74
Balance at the end of the current reporting period 117.74
b. Other Equity
 Current Reporting Period:
Particulars General 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Capital 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Money 
received 
against share 
warrants
Total
As at April 1, 2024 93.00 395.77 - 654.12 23.45 332.10 1,498.44
Profit/(loss) for the year - - - 262.95 (7.64) - 255.31
On issue of Equity shares/ 
warrants
- 47.39 - - - 36.27 83.66
Other Comprehensive income - - - - - - -
Dividend declared during  
the year
- - - (23.54) - - (23.54)
Utilized during the year for 
rights issue
- (25.30) - (1.54) - (48.41) (75.25)
Transfer to retained earnings - - - - - - -
As at March 31, 2025 93.00 417.86 - 891.99 15.81 319.96 1,738.62
  Previous Reporting period
Particulars General 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Capital 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Money 
received 
against share 
warrants
Total
As at April 1, 2023 93.00 28.85 0.33 600.79 23.43 - 746.40
Profit/(loss) for the year - - 26.86 0.02 - 26.88
On account of merger/ issue 
of shares
- 439.68 0.08 70.47 - - 510.23
Received during the year 332.10 332.10
Dividend declared during the 
year
- - - (44.00) - - (44.00)
Utilized during the year for 
rights issue
- (72.76) (0.41) - - - (73.17)
Transfer to retained earnings - - - - - - -
As at March 31, 2024 93.00 395.77 - 654.12 23.45 332.10 1,498.44
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
78

===== PAGE 68 =====
Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
i) General Reserve:
  The general reserve is a free reserve which is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation 
purposes. As the general reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other 
comprehensive income. An amount of I17 million has been utilised for issue of bonus shares during the year 2020-21.
ii) Security Premium:
  Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the provisions of 
section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013. During the year an amount of I47.39 million has been added on account of conversion 
of share warrants to share capital.
iii) Capital Reserve:
  Capital Reserve is created on forfeiture of equity shares issued by the Company.
iv) Share Warrants:
  Share warrants issued during the previous year are convertible into 1 equity share of I10/- each for every share warrant issued.
v) Retained Earnings:
  It comprises of the accumulated profits/(loss) of the Company.
The Company has followed indirect cashflow method as per IND AS 7
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
79

===== PAGE 69 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
1 CORPORATE INFORMATION:
  ASM Technologies Limited (""the Company"") is a company 
incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and is a 
pioneer in providing world class consulting services in 
areas of Engineering services and Product Engineering 
services with successful offshore development & support 
centres in India and overseas for its global clientele. The 
shares of the Company is listed in Bombay Stock Exchange.
  The financial statements have been approved by the Board 
of Directors of the Company in their meeting held on May 
18, 2025.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
2.1 Basis of Preparation:
  In accordance with the notification issued by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs, the Company has adopted Indian 
Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) notified under the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 with 
effect from April 1, 2017. The financial statements of the 
Company are prepared and presented in accordance with 
Ind AS.
  The financial statements have been prepared on 
the historical cost basis, except for certain financial 
instruments which are measured at fair values at the end 
of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting 
policies below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair 
value of the consideration given in exchange for goods 
and services.
2.2 Summary of material accounting policies:
 a) Use of Estimates:
   The preparation of financial statements in 
conformity with Ind AS requires the management 
to make judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that affect the reported amounts of revenues, 
expenses, assets and liabilities and the disclosure 
of contingent liabilities, at the end of the reporting 
period. Although these estimates are based on the 
management’s best knowledge of current events 
and actions, uncertainty about these assumptions 
and estimates could result in the outcomes requiring 
a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of 
assets or liabilities in future periods. Any revision to 
accounting estimates is recognized prospectively.
 b) Current versus non-current classification:
   The Company presents assets and liabilities 
in the balance sheet based on current/ non-
current classification.
   An asset is treated as current when it is:
 y Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or 
consumed in normal operating cycle.
 y Held primarily for the purpose of trading
 y Expected to be realised within twelve months 
after the reporting period, or
 y Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from 
being exchanged or used to settle a liability for 
at least twelve months after the reporting period
   All other assets are classified as non-current.
   A liability is treated as current when:
 y It is expected to be settled in normal 
operating cycle
 y It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
 y It is due to be settled within twelve months after 
the reporting period, or
 y There is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period
   All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
   Defferred tax assets/ liabilities are classified as non-
current assets/ liabilities.
 c) Property, Plant & Equipment:
   Property, plant and equipment ("PPE") are stated at 
the cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation 
and write down for, impairment if any. Direct costs 
are capitalised until the assets are ready to be put 
to use. Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s 
carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, 
as appropriate, only when it is probable that future 
economic benefits associated with the item will 
flow to the entity and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably. All other expenses on existing 
assets, including day-to-day repair and maintenance 
expenditure and cost of replacing parts, which do 
not meet the definition of PPE as per Ind AS 16 are 
charged to the statement of profit and loss for the 
period during which such expenses are incurred.
   Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of PPE are 
measured as the difference between the net disposal 
proceeds and the carrying amount of PPE and are 
recognized in the statement of profit and loss when 
the PPE is derecognized.
 d) Depreciation:
   Depreciation is provided on straight-line method 
as per the rates specified in schedule II of the 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
80

===== PAGE 70 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). Depreciation 
for the assets purchased/sold during the year is 
proportionately charged. The assets’ residual values 
and useful lives are reviewed at each financial year 
end or whenever there are indicators for revision, and 
adjusted prospectively.
 e) Investment Properties:
   Investment property represents properties held for 
rental yields and/or for capital appreciation or both 
rather than for:
   (a)  use in the production or supply of services or 
for administrative purposes; or
   (b)  sale in the ordinary course of business.
   Investment property is stated at the cost of 
acquisition less accumulated depreciation.
   Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s 
carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, 
as appropriate, only when it is probable that future 
economic benefits associated with the item will 
flow to the entity and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably. All other expenses on existing 
assets, including day-to-day repair and maintenance 
expenditure and cost of replacing parts, which do 
not meet the definition of Investment Property as 
per Ind AS 40 are charged to the statement of profit 
and loss for the period during which such expenses 
are incurred.
 f) Intangible Assets:
   Intangible assets acquired separately are measured 
on intial cost. Subsequently, carried at cost less 
accumulated amortization and accumulated 
impariment losses, if any.
   Intangible assets comprising of computer software 
is amortised on a over a period of three years as 
estimated by the management.
   Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an 
intangible asset are measured as a difference between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount 
of the asset and are recognised in the statement of 
profit or loss when asset is derecognised.
 g) Leases:
   Where Company is a Lessee:
   The Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for buildings. The Company assesses 
whether a contract contains a lease, at inception of 
a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the 
contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset, the 
Company assesses whether:
  (i)  the contact involves the use of an identified asset
  (ii)  the Company has substantially all of the 
economic benefits from use of the asset 
through the period of the lease
  (iii)  the Company has the right to direct the use of 
the asset. 
   At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) 
and a corresponding lease liability for all lease 
arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for leases 
with a term of twelve months or less (short-term 
leases) and low value leases. For these short-term and 
low value leases, the Company recognizes the lease 
payments as an operating expense on a straight-line 
basis over the term of the lease.
   Certain lease arrangements includes the options to 
extend or terminate the lease before the end of the 
lease term. ROU assets and lease liabilities includes 
these options when it is reasonably certain that they 
will be exercised.
   The lease liability is initially measured at amortized 
cost at the present value of the future lease 
payments. The lease payments are discounted using 
the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily 
determinable, using the incremental borrowing rates 
in the country of domicile of these leases. Lease 
liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding 
adjustment to the related right of use asset if the 
Company changes its assessment if whether it will 
exercise an extension or a termination option.
   Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
have been classified as financing cash flows.
   The borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities for 
discouting is 12.55%
 h) Employee Benefits:
  (i) Short term employee benefits:
    The employee benefits payable wholly within 
twelve months of rendering the service are 
classified as short term employee benefits. 
Benefits such as salaries, leave travel allowance, 
short term compensated absences etc. and 
the expected cost of bonus are recognised in 
the period in which the employee renders the 
related service.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
81

===== PAGE 71 =====
  (ii) Defined Benefit Plans:
    Gratuity, which is a defined benefit plan, is 
accrued based on an independent actuarial 
valuation, which is done based on project unit 
credit method as at the balance sheet date. 
The Company recognizes the net obligation of 
a defined benefit plan in its balance sheet as 
an asset or liability. Gains and losses through 
re-measurements of the net defined benefit 
liability/ (asset) are recognized in other 
comprehensive income. In accordance with 
Ind AS, re-measurement gains and losses on 
defined benefit plans recognized in OCI are not 
to be subsequently reclassified to statement 
of profit and loss. As required under Ind AS 
compliant Schedule III, the Company recognizes 
re-measurement gains and losses on defined 
benefit plans (net of tax) to retained earnings.
    The Company doesn't have a policy for 
encashment of leave
 i) Revenue Recognition:
   The Company derives revenues primarily from IT 
related services. Effective April 01,2018, the Company 
has adopted Ind AS 115, "Revenue from Contracts 
with Customers". Revenue is recognized upon 
transfer of control of promised services to customers 
in an amount that refelects the considereation we 
expect to receive in for those services.
   Revenue on time-and-material contracts are 
recognized as the related services are performed 
and revenue from the end of the last invoicing 
to the reporting date is recognized as unbilled 
revenue. Revenue from fixed-price, fixed-timeframe 
contracts, where the performance obligations 
are satisfied over time and where there is no 
uncertainty as to measurement or collectability of 
consideration, is recognized as per the percentage-
of-completion method. When there is uncertainty as 
to measurement or ultimate collectability, revenue 
recognition is postponed until such uncertainty is 
resolved. Efforts or costs expended have been used 
to measure progress towards completion as there is 
a direct relationship between input and productivity.
   The Company recognised incentive from government 
in respect of Service Exports from India Scheme 
based on claim lodged by the Company.
 j) Taxation:
   Income tax expense comprises current tax expense 
and the net change in the deferred tax asset or 
liability during the year. Current and deferred tax 
are recognized in statement of profit or loss, except 
when they relate to items that are recognized in 
other comprehensive income or directly in equity, 
in which case, the current and deferred tax are 
also recognized in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity, respectively.
   Current income tax expense comprises taxes on 
income from operations in India and in foreign 
jurisdictions. Income tax payable in India is 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the 
Income Tax Act, 1961. Tax expense relating to foreign 
operations is determined in accordance with tax laws 
applicable in countries where such operations are 
domiciled. Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in 
accordance with the tax laws in India, which gives rise 
to future economic benefits in the form of adjustment 
of future income tax liability, is considered as an asset 
if there is convincing evidence that the Company will 
pay normal income tax in future years. Accordingly, 
MAT is recognised as an asset in the balance sheet 
when the asset can be measured reliably and it is 
probable that the future economic benefit associated 
with the assets will fructify.
   Deferred income tax is recognized on temporary 
differences at the balance sheet date between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amounts for financial reporting purposes, except 
when the deferred income tax arises from the initial 
recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a 
transaction that is not a business combination and 
affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss 
at the time of the transaction.
   Deferred income tax assets are recognized for all 
deductible temporary differences, carry forward 
of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the 
extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be 
available against which the deductible temporary 
differences, and the carry forward of unused tax 
credits and unused tax losses can be utilized.
   The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is 
reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to 
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient 
taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of 
the deferred income tax asset to be utilized.
   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are 
measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply 
in the period when the asset is realized or the liability 
is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that 
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
82

===== PAGE 72 =====
have been enacted or substantively enacted at the 
balance sheet date.
 k) Inventories:
   Cost is ascertained on a weighted average basis, is 
defined as being all expenditure, which has been 
incurred in bringing the product or service to its 
present location and condition or net realizable 
values whichever is lower. Net realizable value is 
the estimated selling price in the ordinary course 
of business, less estimated costs of completion and 
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
 l) Foreign Currency Transactions:
  Functional Currency:
   The functional currency of the Company is the 
Indian rupee.
   Transactions and translations:
   Foreign currency transactions are recorded at 
exchange rates prevailing on the date of the 
transaction. Foreign currency denominated 
monetary assets and liabilities are restated into the 
functional currency using exchange rates prevailing 
on the balance sheet date. Gains and losses arising 
on settlement and restatement of foreign currency 
denominated monetary assets and liabilities are 
included in the statement of profit and loss.
 m)  Provisions, Contingent liabilities and 
Contingent assets:
   A provision is recognized when an enterprise has a 
present obligation (legal or constructive) as result 
of past event and it is probable that an outflow of 
embodying economic benefits of resources will be 
required to settle a reliably assessable obligation. 
Provisions are determined based on best estimate 
required to settle each obligation at each balance 
sheet date. If the effect of the time value of money is 
material, provisions are discounted using a current 
pre-tax rate that reflects, when appropriate, the risks 
specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the 
increase in the provision due to the passage of time 
is recognised as a finance cost.
   Provisions for onerous contracts, i.e. contracts 
where the expected unavoidable costs of meeting 
obligations under a contract exceed the economic 
benefits expected to be received, are recognized 
when it is probable that an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits will be required to 
settle a present obligation as a result of an obligating 
event, based on a reliable estimate of such obligation.
   A contingent liability is a possible obligation that 
arises from past events whose existence will be 
confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
one or more uncertain future events beyond the 
control of the Company or a present obligation 
that is not recognized because it is not probable 
that an outflow of resources will be required to 
settle the obligation. A contingent liability also 
arises in extremely rare cases where there is a 
liability that cannot be recognized because it 
cannot be measured reliably. The Company does 
not recognize a contingent liability but discloses its 
existence in the financial statements. A contingent 
asset is never recognised but only disclosed in the 
financial statements.
 n) Segment reporting policies:
   Identification of segments:
   Operating Segments are identified on the basis of 
internal reports about components of the group 
that are regularly reviewed by the chief operating 
decision maker (CODM) in order to allocate resources 
to the segments and to assess their performance in 
accordance with Ind AS 108, Operating Segments. 
Since CODM evaluates Company’s performance at 
a geographic segment level, operating segment 
information is accordingly given at geographic level.
 o) Financial Instruments:
   Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when 
the Company becomes a party to the contractual 
provisions of the instrument. Financial assets 
and liabilities are initially measured at fair value. 
Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial 
liabilities (other than financial assets and financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added 
to or deducted from the fair value measured on initial 
recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
  i) Cash & Cash equivalents:
    The Company considers all highly liquid financial 
instruments, which are readily convertible 
into known amounts of cash that are subject 
to an insignificant risk of change in value and 
having original maturities of three months 
or less from the date of purchase, to be cash 
equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist 
of balances with banks which are unrestricted 
for withdrawal and usage.
  ii) Financial assets at amortized cost:
    Financial assets are subsequently measured at 
amortized cost if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is to hold these 
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
83

===== PAGE 73 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding.
  iii)  Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
    Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income if these financial 
assets are held within a business whose objective 
is achieved by both collecting contractual 
cash flows and selling financial assets and the 
contractual terms of the financial asset give rise 
on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding.
  iv)  Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss:
    Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
profit or loss unless it is measured at amortized 
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income on initial recognition. The transaction costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss are immediately recognized in statement of 
profit and loss.
  v)  Financial liabilities:
    Financial liabilities are subsequently carried 
at amortized cost using the effective interest 
method, except for contingent consideration 
recognized in a business combination which is 
subsequently measured at fair value through 
profit or loss. For trade and other payables 
maturing within one year from the balance 
sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate 
fair value due to the short maturity of 
these instruments.
  vi) De-recognition of financial instruments:
    The Company derecognizes a financial asset 
when the contractual rights to the cash flows 
from the financial asset expire or it transfers the 
financial asset and the transfer qualifies for de-
recognition under Ind AS 109. A financial liability 
(or a part of a financial liability) is derecognized 
when the obligation specified in the contract is 
discharged or cancelled or expires.
  vii) Fair value of financial instruments:
    In determining the fair value of its financial 
instruments, the Company uses following 
hierarchy and assumptions that are based on 
market conditions and risks existing at each 
reporting date.
    Fair value hierarchy:
    All assets and liabilities for which fair value 
is measured or disclosed in the financial 
statements are categorized within the fair value 
hierarchy, described as follows, based on the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole:
 y Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market 
prices in active markets for identical assets 
or liabilities
 y Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which 
the lowest level input that is significant to 
the fair value measurement is directly or 
indirectly observable
 y Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement is unobservable
    For assets and liabilities that are recognized in 
the financial statements on a recurring basis, 
the Company determines whether transfers 
have occurred between levels in the hierarchy 
by re-assessing categorization (based on the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole) at the end of 
each reporting period.
  viii) Investments in subsidiary:
   Investments in subsidiary is carried at cost.
 p) Impairment:
  i)  Financial assets:
    The Company assesses at each date of balance 
sheet whether a financial asset or a group of 
financial assets is impaired. Ind AS 109 requires 
expected credit losses to be measured through 
a loss allowance. The Company recognises 
lifetime expected losses for all contract assets 
and / or all trade receivables that do not 
constitute a financing transaction. For all other 
financial assets, expected credit losses are 
measured at an amount equal to the 12-month 
expected credit losses or at an amount equal 
to the life time expected credit losses if the 
credit risk on the financial asset has increased 
significantly since initial recognition.
  ii)  Non-financial assets:
    Tangible and Intangible assets: PPE, intangible 
assets and investment property with finite life 
are evaluated for recoverability whenever there 
is any indication that their carrying amounts 
may not be recoverable. If any such indication 
exists, the recoverable amount (i.e. higher of the 
fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is 
determined on an individual asset basis unless 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
84

===== PAGE 74 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
the asset does not generate cash flows that 
are largely independent of those from other 
assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is 
determined for the cash generating unit (CGU) 
to which the asset belongs. If the recoverable 
amount of an asset (or CGU) is estimated to 
be less than its carrying amount, the carrying 
amount of the asset (or CGU) is reduced to its 
recoverable amount. An impairment loss is 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
  q)  Cashflow Statement:
    Cash flows are reported using the indirect 
method, whereby profit for the period is 
adjusted for the effects of transactions of a non-
cash nature, any deferrals or accruals of past or 
future operating cash receipts or payments 
and item of income or expenses associated 
with investing or financing cash flows. The cash 
flows from operating, investing and financing 
activities of the Company are segregated. The 
Company considers all highly liquid investments 
that are readily convertible to known amounts 
of cash to be cash equivalents.
2.3  Significant accounting judgements, estimates 
and assumptions:
  The preparation of the Company’s financial statements 
requires management to make judgements, estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, 
expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying 
disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. 
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could 
result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to 
the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in 
future periods.
 a) Judgements:
   In the process of applying the Company’s accounting 
policies, management has made the following 
judgements, which have the most significant effect on 
the amounts recognized in the financial statements:
 (b) Estimates and assumptions:
   The key assumptions concerning the future and 
other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the 
reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing 
a material adjustment to the carrying amounts 
of assets and liabilities within the next financial 
year, are described below. The Company based its 
assumptions and estimates on parameters available 
when the financial statements were prepared. 
Existing circumstances and assumptions about 
future developments, however, may change due to 
market changes or circumstances arising that are 
beyond the control of the Company. Such changes 
are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.
  Defined benefit plans - Gratuity
   The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan and 
other post-employment medical benefits and 
the present value of the gratuity obligation are 
determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial 
valuation involves making various assumptions that 
may differ from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount 
rate, future salary increases and mortality rates. Due 
to the complexities involved in the valuation and 
its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is 
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All 
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
   The parameter most subject to change is the discount 
rate. In determining the appropriate discount rate for 
plans operated in India, the management considers 
the interest rates of government bonds
   The mortality rate is based on publicly available 
mortality tables. Those mortality tables tend to 
change only at interval in response to demographic 
changes. Future salary increases are based on 
expected future inflation rates and expected salary 
increase thereon.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
85

===== PAGE 75 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
3. Property, Plant and Equipment:
Land 
(freehold) Building Computers Electrical 
fittings
Furniture & 
fixtures
Office 
Equipment Vehicles Generator Plant & 
Machinery
Right  
to use Total
Cost
As at April 1, 2023 20.51 11.76 38.12 2.85 10.33 6.49 8.06 0.56 - 68.54 167.22
On account of merger - - 43.83 3.00 0.47 1.54 - - - 115.56 164.40
Additions - - 11.60 0.59 0.54 0.65 - - - 26.73 40.11
Disposals - - - - - - - - - - -
Other Adjustments - - (0.04) - - - - - - - (0.04)
As at March 31, 2024 20.51 11.76 93.51 6.44 11.34 8.68 8.06 0.56 - 210.83 371.73
Additions - - 34.52 12.83 1.66 7.69 1.98 - 220.56 - 279.24
Disposals - - - - 0.05 - - - 4.20 - 4.25
Other Adjustments - - (0.01) - - - (0.06) - - - (0.07)
As at March 31, 2025 20.51 11.76 128.07 19.27 12.95 16.37 9.98 0.56 216.36 210.83 645.61
Depreciation/Amortisation
As at April 1, 2023 - 1.73 27.21 2.80 8.18 5.22 4.10 0.56 42.77 92.57
On account of merger - 20.46 0.66 0.20 0.52 - - - 44.84 66.68
Charge for the year - 0.27 18.54 1.07 0.45 1.09 0.91 - - 39.78 62.15
Disposals - - - - - - - - - - -
Other Adjustment - - - - - - - - - - -
At March 31, 2024 - 2.00 66.21 4.53 8.83 6.83 5.01 0.56 - 127.39 221.36
Charge for the year - 0.27 20.91 1.45 0.42 1.00 1.06 - 2.49 30.04 57.57
Disposals - - - - 0.01 - - - 0.03 - 0.04
Other Adjustment - - - - - - - - - -
At March 31, 2025 - 2.27 87.11 5.98 9.24 7.83 6.01 0.56 2.46 157.43 278.89
Net Block
At March 31, 2024 20.51 9.76 27.30 1.91 2.51 1.85 3.05 - - 83.44 150.33
At March 31, 2025 20.51 9.49 40.91 13.29 3.71 8.54 3.97 - 213.90 53.40 367.72
Notes:
1. The Company has not revalued its PPE during the year or previous years.
2. The Company has title deeds of all its immovable properties in its name including right to use assets.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
86

===== PAGE 76 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
4. Intangibles:
Particulars Computer 
Software Total
Cost
As at April 1, 2023 39.09 39.09
On account of merger 6.21 6.21
Additions 4.50 4.50
Disposals - -
Other Adjustments - -
As at March 31, 2024 49.80 49.80
Additions 0.96 0.96
Disposals - -
Other Adjustments - -
As at March 31, 2025 50.76 50.76
Depreciation/Amortisation
At April 1, 2023 15.13 15.13
On account of merger 2.00 2.00
Charge for the year 5.18 5.18
Disposals - -
Other Adjustment - -
At March 31, 2024 22.31 22.31
Charge for the year 4.85 4.85
Disposals - -
Other Adjustment - -
At March 31, 2025 27.16 27.16
Net Block
At March 31, 2024 27.49 27.49
At March 31, 2025 23.60 23.60
5 Non Current Financial Assets:
  Details of Investments
Name of the Company
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No of 
Shares K in millions No of 
Shares K in millions
Non Current Investments:
1)  Investments In Equity Instruments
  A)  Investments in equity instruments of Subsidiaries and 
Joint ventures:
     - Unquoted carried at cost
     In Subsidiaries
  i)  ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd (previously known as 
Advanced Synergic Pte Ltd.,) Singapore of SGD 1 each
10,00,000 34.52 10,00,000 34.52
  ii)  ASM Digital Technologies Inc (Previously known as Pinnacle 
Talent Inc.), USA of USD 0.01 each
1,60,00,000 9.94 1,60,00,000 9.94
  iii)  ASM Technologies Kabushiki Kaisha, Japan of JPY 100 each 10,000 0.64 10,000 0.64
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
87

===== PAGE 77 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Name of the Company
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No of 
Shares K in millions No of 
Shares K in millions
  iv)  ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd (Previously known as Semcon 
Engineering UK Ltd), UK of GBP 10.00 each
1,500 44.07 1,500 44.07
  v)  - in a limited liability partnership firm:
     R V Forms & Gears LLP (Refer Note below)
     - in Capital account - 143.00 - 21.50
     - in Current account - (128.46) - (152.43)
     In Joint Ventures:
     ASM HHV Engineering Pvt Ltd equity share of I10/- each 10,50,001 10.50 6,50,001 6.50
  B)  Investments in fair value through Other 
Comprehensive Income
     - In Venture Capital Fund
     i) Ideaspring Capital Future Now 52.31 53.14
     ii)  Ideaspring Capital Future Now II 35.06 19.38
  C)  Investments in equity instruments in others: (Fairvalue 
through OCI)
     Baro Vehicles Limited, UK (GBP 0.0001) each 7,376 5.26 7,376 5.26
  D) Investments in fair value through profit & loss
     Investments in compulsory convertible preference shares 
(Unquoted)
     Lavelle Networks Private Limited of I10 each 6,873 64.25 6,873 71.98
     Investment in LLC
     Interoperable Security LLC, USA (Previously known as Poly 
Logyx LLC)
- 12.65 - 12.65
     Total - 283.74 - 127.15
     Less: Provision for dimunition in value of investments - 15.20 15.20
- 268.54 - 111.95
     Additional Information:
     i)  Aggregate amount of unquoted investments - 283.74 - 127.15
ii)  Categorywise Non current investment:
  Financial assets carried at amortised cost - 99.01 - (50.46)
  Financial assets measured at fair value through Profit & Loss - 76.90 - 84.63
  Financial assets measured at fair value through Other 
Comprehensive Income
- 92.63 - 77.78
  Total non current investment - 268.54 - 111.95
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
88

===== PAGE 78 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  Additional information:
  Details of investments made in the capital of partnership firm:
a) Name of the firm Name of the Partner
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Partner's 
Capital
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
Partner's 
Capital
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
  RV Forms & Gears LLP ASM Technologies Limited 
(the Company)
123.09 99.99% 21.50 70.00%
Rabindra Preeti 0.01 0.01% - 0.00%
Regi Varghese - - 1.57 29.99%
Susan Varghese - - 0.03 0.01%
Name of the firm Name of the Partner
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Partner's 
Capital in $
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
Partner's 
Capital in $
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
Interoperable Security 
LLC (Previously known as 
PolyLogyx LLC)
ASM Technologies Limited 
(the Company)
40,908.00 4.09% 1,12,841.00 5.03%
Sridhar Jayanthi 4,77,332.00 47.73% 53,855.00 58.69%
Atul Kabra 3,56,514.00 35.65% - 33.07%
Preet Mohinder 86,760.00 8.68% - 0.00%
Moulik Mehta 12,354.00 1.24% - 0.00%
Bhagyajyothi P Makam 7,466 0.75% 21,119 0.91%
Rajesh Ambareesh Rajah 9,333 0.93% 26,397 1.15%
Kailashnath Dornadula 9,333 0.93% 26,397 1.15%
(ii) Loans & Advanced (Unsecured and considered good)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Security Deposits 28.26 19.75
Share application money pending allotment 12.32 -
Intercorporate Deposit - 50.00
Total 40.58 69.75
6 Deferred Tax
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i) Deferred tax liability:
  a) On account of depreciation on PPE 4.87 13.85
  b) On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure - -
  c) On account of timing differences in recognition of value of investments 10.38 4.14
  Total (a) 15.25 17.99
ii) Deferred tax asset:
  a)  On account of depreciation on PPE - -
  b)  On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure 34.20 47.06
Total (b) 34.20 47.06
Net Deferred tax (liability)/asset (a)-(b) 18.95 29.07
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
89

===== PAGE 79 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
7 Other Non Current Assets
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i) Advance payment of tax (net of provision for tax) - 80.03
ii) Disputed taxes paid 6.36 6.97
Total 6.36 87.00
8 Inventories:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Raw Materials 72.22 10.29
Finished goods 16.67 -
Total 88.89 10.29
9 i) Financial Assets:
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No of Units K (Millions) No of Units K (Millions)
i)  Investment - fair value through statement of Profit & 
Loss
  Investments in Mutual Funds:
  i) SBI Short Term Debt Fund* 15,18,362 47.65 15,18,362 44.12
  ii) SBI Corporate Bond Fund* 50,19,196 76.07 50,19,196 70.28
  iii) ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund 9,670 0.11 9,094 0.10
  Total - 123.83 - 114.50
  Aggregate Carrying value of quoted Investments - 123.83 - 114.50
  Aggregate Market value of quoted Investments - 123.83 - 114.50
* above investment is held as margin for loans taken by the Company
  ii)  Trade Receivables
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
-  Receivable from related parties 512.15 289.65
- Others 557.89 237.70
1,441.42 741.14
Less: Allowance for bad & doubtful trade receivables (9.59) (3.60)
1,431.83 737.54
-  Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule:
a)  Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
  Less than 6 Months 442.54 179.26
  6 Months - 1 Year 58.65 11.98
  1 - 2 Years 28.18 40.01
  2 - 3 Years 28.52 -
  More than 3 Years - 6.45
557.89 237.70
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
90

===== PAGE 80 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
b) Receivables from related parties
  Less than 6 Months 173.31 153.69
  6 Months - 1 Year 27.79 32.27
  1 - 2 Years 76.85 88.62
  2 - 3 Years 88.62 11.91
  More than 3 Years 145.58 3.16
512.15 289.65
c) Unbilled Revenue: 371.38 213.79
  i) Unbilled for the following periods
     Less than 6 Months 356.00 204.81
     6 Months - 1 Year 11.04 3.97
     1 - 2 Years 0.59 4.45
     2 - 3 Years 1.45 -
     More than 3 Y ears - -
369.08 213.23
  ii)  Unbilled pertaining to related parties
     Less than 6 Months 2.30 0.56
     6 Months - 1 Year - -
     1 - 2 Years - -
     2 - 3 Years - -
     More than 3 Years - -
2.30 0.56
  Total (i+ii) 371.38 213.79
Total (a+b+c) 1,441.42 741.14
  iii) Cash and Bank Balance
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
a) Cash and cash equivalents:-
  i) Balance with Banks
     - In current accounts 3.12 3.10
  ii) Cash on hand 0.01 -
  iii) Cheques on hand - -
3.13 3.10
b)  Bank Balances other than cash & cash equivalents
  - In unpaid dividends accounts 9.76 7.94
  - in Current account$ 36.28 668.66
  - in fixed deposit* 60.32 29.94
106.36 706.54
  Total 109.49 709.64
Bank balance includes:
Held as margin money/security against borrowings/guarantees/other commitments.
$Amount received towards issue of shares & warrants and not utilised is kept by the Company in a separate bank account
*Deposit of I15 million has been given secuity for the overdraft facility availed by subsidiary RV Forms and Gears LLP.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
91

===== PAGE 81 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  iv) Loans (Unsecured, considered good)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Security Deposit 0.12 2.70
Loans to subsidiaries 332.07 301.42
Total 332.19 304.12
  v) Other Financial Assets
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Interest receivable on deposits 1.65 1.45
Interest receivable on advances to related parties 66.51 24.65
Total 68.16 26.10
10 Other current assets
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
(i) Advances other than capital advances
  (a) Security deposits - -
  (b) Advance to supplier 24.69 93.68
  Less: Allowance for doubtful advances (24.66) (61.60)
0.03 32.08
  (c) Advance to Employees 5.39 2.04
(ii) Others
  Prepaid expenses 22.29 18.43
  Others 1.85 -
  Total 29.56 52.55
11 Equity Share Capital (refer statement of changes in equity)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Authorised
1,50,00,000 Equity shares of I10 each 150.00 150.00
Issued and Subscribed:
1,19,02,855(As at March 31, 2024: 118,00,000) equity shares of I10 each 119.03 118.00
Paid up Capital:
1,18,77,063 (As at March 31, 2024: 1,17,74,208) equity shares of I10 each fully paid up 118.77 117.74
Total issued, subscribed and fully paid-up share capital 118.77 117.74
(a) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares
  The company has only one class of equity shares having par value of I 10 per share. Each holder of equity is entitled to one 
vote per share.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
92

===== PAGE 82 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
(b) Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
Equity shares
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Nos. K In millions Nos. K In millions
At the beginning of the year 1,17,74,208 117.74 1,10,00,000 103.00
Add:-Amount received on partly paid shares of 
right issue
- - - 6.82
Less: Forfieture of Shares - - 25,792 0.08
Add:-Issued during the year 1,02,855 1.03 8,00,000 8.00
Outstanding at the end of the year 1,18,77,063 118.77 1,17,74,208 117.74
(c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company*
Equity shares
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Nos. % holding 
in class Nos. % holding 
in class
S Rabindra 48,02,425 40.43% 46,99,570 39.91%
Kannan Sundar 10,04,120 8.45% 10,05,000 8.54%
R Preeti 8,50,082 7.16% 8,50,082 7.22%
Mukul Mahavir Agrawal 7,62,500 6.42% 7,62,500 6.48%
IDS Systems LLP - 0.00% 6,02,180 5.11%
(d) Shareholding of Promoters:
 The details of the shares held by promoters as at March 31, 2025 are as under:
Promoter Name No of fully paid 
up shares
No of partly paid 
up Shares
% of share 
holding
% of change 
during the year
S Rabindra 48,02,425 - 40.43%
1.07%
R Preeti 8,50,082 - 7.16%
Akhil R 3,00,693 - 2.53%
Nikhil R 3,00,693 - 2.53%
IDS Systems LLP 5,71,466 - 4.81%
  The details of the shares held by promoters as at March 31, 2024 are as under:
Promoter Name No of fully paid 
up shares
No of partly paid 
up Shares
% of share 
holding
% of change 
during the year
S Rabindra 46,99,570 - 39.91%
-2.00%
R Preeti 8,50,082 - 7.22%
Akhil R 3,00,693 - 2.55%
Nikhil R 3,00,693 - 2.55%
IDS Systems LLP 6,02,180 - 5.11%
(e)  During the year 2021 - 22 the Company had a Rights issue of equity shares to its shareholders at 1:10 ratio on March 28, 2022 
and closed on April 6, 2022 at a premium of I105/- per share on a call basis which is payable on application I35 per share and 
First & Final call of I80 per share. During the financial year 2024-25 the Company has received the first and final call amount 
of I80/- per share which was received on 9,74,208 shares and balance shares of 25,792 has been forfieted by the Company.
(f) Bonus shares issued in last five year 50,00,000 shares of I 10/- each
(g)  During the financial year 2023- 24 the Company had issued 8,00,000 equity shares of I10/- each at a premium of I460.50 and 
28,14,390 share warrants at the price of I470.50 per warrant which will be convertible into 1 equity share of I10/- each at any 
time on or before expiry of 18 months from the date of allotment of the warrants.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
93

===== PAGE 83 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
(h) Proceeds and utilisation from issue of shares on rights basis:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Proceeds received from issue - 77.94
Less: Issue expenses - 0.42
Amount used for working capital purposes - 77.52
(i) Proceeds and utilisation from issue of shares & warrants on preferential basis:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Proceeds received from issue 744.93 708.65
Less: Amount utilised for organic and inorganic growth 455.90 -
Less: utilised for general corporate purposes 252.75 40.00
Amount held in separate bank account 36.28 668.65
  During the year the Company has allotted 102,855 equity shares to managing director pending corporate action
12 Other Equity
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i) Capital reserve
  Opening balance - 0.33
  Add:- Addition during year - 0.08
  Less:- Utilised during year - (0.41)
  Closing at end of year - -
ii) Security Premium reserve
  Opening Balance 395.77 28.85
  Add:- Addition during year 47.39 439.68
  Less:-Utilised during the year for rights issue expenses 25.30 72.76
  Closing at the end of the year 417.86 395.77
iii) General Reserve
  Opening balance 93.00 93.00
  Add:- Addition during year - -
  Less;- Utilised during year for issue of bonus shares - -
  Closing at end of year 93.00 93.00
iv) Other Comprehensive Income
  Opening balance 23.45 23.43
  Add:- Addition during year (7.64) 0.02
  Closing at end of year 15.81 23.45
v) Money received against Share Warrants
  Opening balance 332.10 -
  Add:- Addition during year 36.27 332.10
  Less: Shares alloted during the year 48.41 -
  Closing at end of year 319.96 332.10
v) Retained Earning
  Opening balance 654.12 600.79
  Add:- Addition during year 262.95 26.86
  Add:- Amalgamation Reserve Adjustment (1.54) 70.47
915.53 698.12
  Less:- Appropriations
     Interim dividend on equity shares 11.77 -
     Final dividend on equity shares 11.77 44.00
23.54 44.00
Total 891.99 654.12
Closing at end of year 1,738.62 1,498.44
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
94

===== PAGE 84 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Non current liabilities and provisions:-
13 Financial liabilities:-
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i) Bororrowings:-
  Secured
  From Banks 237.70 171.22
  Un Secured:
  From banks 3.22 8.61
  From others 1.55 7.05
  90 Redeemable, Secured, unlisted, unrated, and transferrable Non Convertible 
Debentures
- 91.64
  Less: Current Maturities
  From Banks & Others (79.30) (48.55)
  Redeemable non convertible debentures - (41.29)
  Total 163.17 188.68
Additional Information:-
1) Details of Security for secured loan:-
  From Bank:-
  Term Loan from ICICI Bank is secured against charge created on the Land and 
Building situated at No 80/2, Lusanne Court, Wellington street, Bangalore,560025 
and the facility is guaranteed by Mr. Rabindra Srikantan (Managing Director) of the 
Company.
86.17 171.22
  Term Loans carries an interest rate of Repo rate + 2.85% and principal is repayable 
in 36 equal installments
  The Company has used the loan for the purpose for which it was borrowed.
  Term Loan from SIDBI secured against hypothecation of movable PPPE and fixed 
deposit amounting to I23.50 million with the said bank. It is guranteed by the Mr. 
Rabindra Srikantan and carries an interest of 9.10% currently which is linked to one 
year MCLR of SIDBI
151.53 -
  Unsecured Loans:
  From Kotak Mahindra Bank is repayable in 24 equated monthly instalments of 
I0.48 million per month and it carries an interest of 14.60% per annum
3.22 8.61
  From Tata Capital is repayable in 18 months of I0.56 million and carries an interest 
of 14.50% per annum
1.55 7.05
  Unseucured Debentures:
  Debentures are Secured against the Equity Shares of the Company held by Mr. 
Rabindra Srikantan equal to two times of the value of debentures issued.
- 91.64
  The Debentures are Redeemable at the end of 13 months from the date of issue.
  The Debentures carry an interest rate of 16% per annum, payable on quarterly 
compounding basis.
  The Debentures are covered by Personal Guarantee of Mr. Rabindra Srikantan.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
95

===== PAGE 85 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
14 Lease Liabilities
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Lease liability 37.74 90.07
Total 37.74 90.07
15 Provisions:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Provision for Gratuity 53.65 22.05
Total 53.65 22.05
Current liabilities and provisions:-
16 Financial liabilities:-
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i) Borrowings
  Secured loans:
  Loans repayable on demand
  - from banks 418.29 293.52
  Current maturities of long term borrowings 79.30 89.84
  Unsecured loans from others 30.01 -
  Total 527.60 383.36
  a.  Details of security for secured loans from banks:
     i)  Hypothecation charge on Receivables and other current assets of the company, 
further lien on SBI mutual Fund scheme "SBI Corporate bond fund -regular plan 
growth " and SBI mutual fund scheme "SBI short term debt fund regular plan 
growth and secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director.
418.29 293.52
     ii)  Lien on fixed deposits of the Company and charge on SBI mutual Fund scheme 
"SBI Corporate bond fund -regular plan growth " and on SBI mutual fund scheme 
"SBI short term debt fund regular plan growth and secured by personal guarantee 
of Managing Director.
- -
  b.   Unsecured loan from others is repayable with in 360 days and carries an interest 
14.25% PA and guaranteed of the Managing Director.
- -
  c.   Interest rate:-
     i)  Secured loans from banks:
        Cash credit facility from State Bank of India repayable on demand and carries an 
interest rate of MCLR + 2%
  d.   Working capital facilities has been used for the operations for the Company
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
96

===== PAGE 86 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
e. Differences in stock statement furnished to bank and books of accounts:
Name of  
the Bank Month Particulars of 
Securities offered
Amount as 
per books
Amount 
reported as 
per monthly 
Statement
Difference Reason for Material 
Discrepancies
State Bank  
of India
Jun-24 Current Assets - 
Book debts
247.19 362.2 -115.01 The difference is due to 
subsequent unbilled revenue 
reversals.
Sep-24 284.15 330.9 -46.75
Dec-24 372.11 361.78 10.33
Mar-25 599.16 560.38 38.78
Name of  
the Bank Month Particulars of 
Securities offered
Amount as 
per books
Amount 
reported as 
per monthly 
Statement
Difference Reason for Material 
Discrepancies
State Bank  
of India
Jun-23 Current Assets - 
Book debts
390.8 363.4 27.4 The difference is due to 
subsequent unbilled revenue 
reversals.
Sep-23 381.9 358.6 23.3
Dec-23 347 355.9 -8.85
Mar-24 320.3 355.2 -34.92
ii) Trade Payables (Refer note 31):-
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Trade payables
- Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises (refer note-31) 2.13 4.52
- Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises 156.41 22.19
(Payable to related parties (refer note 30) - -
Total 158.54 26.71
  Trade Payables Ageing Schedule:
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
MSME Others MSME Others
(a)  O/s for the following periods from due date 
of payment
  Less than 1 year 2.13 134.71 4.52 5.98
  1 - 2 Years - (0.10) - -
  2 - 3 Years - - - -
  More than 3 Years - (0.07) - -
  Total (a) 2.13 134.54 4.52 5.98
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
97

===== PAGE 87 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
MSME Others MSME Others
(b) Payables to related parties
  Less than 1 year - 5.17 - 0.81
  1 - 2 Years - 0.58 - 0.94
  2 - 3 Years - 0.94 - 0.94
  More than 3 Years - 15.18 - 13.52
  Total (b) - 21.87 - 16.21
  Total (a+b) 2.13 156.41 4.52 22.19
  (c) All the dues payable to MSME creditors are outstanding for less than 45 days
  (d) There are no disputed Trade Payables
iii) Other Financial Liability
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Interest Accrued but not due 0.76 0.18
Unclaimed dividend 8.46 7.85
Total 9.22 8.03
(iv) Other Current liabilities
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Statutory dues 22.20 39.48
Employee Benefit Expenses 5.10 3.73
Accrued expense and other liabilities 24.50 14.65
Total 51.80 57.86
17 Current Provisions:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
For Gratuity - 11.57
For Tax 0.88 -
For leave encashment 15.44 12.39
Total 16.32 23.96
18 Revenue from operations
Particulars  Current Year  Previous Year 
a) Sale of services 1,856.17 1,711.14
b) Sale of goods 541.56 -
Total 2,397.73 1,711.14
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
98

===== PAGE 88 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
18.1 Disaggregated Revenue Information:
  Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company’s revenue from contracts with customers by timing of transfer of services:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Geographical location
- In India 1,821.35 990.56
- Outside India 576.38 720.58
2,397.73 1,711.14
18.2 Contract balances:
Contract assets: Current Year Previous Year
Trade Receivables 1,060.45 523.75
Unbilled Revenue 371.38 213.79
1,431.83 737.54
Contract liabilities Nil Nil
  Trade receivables are generally on credit terms as agreed with respective customers.
  Unbilled revenue is recognised on completion of performance obligation pending generation of Invoices.
  There on pending performance obligation post completion of the sale.
19 Other income
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a)  Interest on bank deposits 78.86 33.41
b)  Share of profit from LLP/LLC 16.53 -
c) Dividend income 0.08 0.01
d)  Gain or loss on mutual fund/unquoted securities 9.33 8.00
e)  Miscellenous income 3.27 19.48
f )  Exchange fluctuation gain 10.72 1.85
g)  Excess Provision Written back 29.61 65.57
Total 148.40 128.32
20 Cost of Goods Consumed
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Domestic Purchases 117.56 63.68
Import Purchases  178.17  -   
Total 295.73 63.68
21 Changes in inventories
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Stock at the end of the year 88.89 10.29
Stock at the beginning of the year 10.29 -
Total (78.60) (10.29)
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
99

===== PAGE 89 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
22 Employee Benefit Expenses
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a)  Salaries and wages 1,300.77 1,151.65
b)  Contribution to:
  Provident fund 64.74 59.04
  ESI fund - 0.02
c)  Gratuity (refer note 27) 14.98 11.58
d) Leave encashment 4.94 6.59
d)  Staff welfare expenses 14.46 14.23
Total 1,399.89 1,243.11
23 Finance Cost
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Interest on bank borrowing 94.09 79.80
b) Other borrowing cost 5.97 3.44
- -
Total 100.06 83.24
24 Depreciation and amortization expense
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Depreciation on property, plant & equipment 27.53 22.33
Amortisation of ROU 29.71 39.78
Amortisation of Intangible assets 4.85 5.18
Total 62.09 67.29
25 Other Expenses
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a)  Travelling and conveyance expenses 65.31 45.33
b)  Services rendered by business associates and others 45.09 62.31
c)  Software, hardware and material costs 12.56 15.59
d)  Communication expenses 29.75 12.22
e)  Payment to Auditor (refer note below) 3.16 2.40
f )  Legal and Professional fees 112.86  24.92 
g)  Sitting fees paid to directors 0.50 0.52
h)  Directors Commission 0.99 4.39
i)  Rent 36.52 23.47
j)  Repair and Maintenance 8.44 6.12
k)  Electricity Expenses 13.27 10.77
l)  Advertisement and Business Promotions 5.89 12.35
m)  Insurance charges 12.00 18.82
n)  Membership & subscription 14.65 10.91
o)  Office Maintenance 25.43 27.03
p)  Printing & stationary 1.41 0.90
q)  Rates & Taxes 5.80 2.61
r)  Share of loss in LLP - 65.96
s)  Miscellenous Expenses 3.09 3.72
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
100

===== PAGE 90 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
t)  CSR Expenses 4.34 4.59
u)  Written off 2.96 0.53
v)  Loss on sale of asset 0.72 -
Total 404.74 355.46
  Payments to Auditors
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Audit fee 2.51 1.76
Tax audit fee other than statutory auditor 0.60 0.60
Other Charges 0.05 -
Reimbursement of expenses - 0.04
26 Earning per Share
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Profit for the year (I In Millions) 262.95 26.85
Face value per equity share (in I) 10.00 10.00
Weighted average number of Equity shares for Basic EPS 1,17,75,053 1,07,15,340
Weighted average number of shares of share warrants 27,11,535 84,585
Weighted average number of Equity shares 1,44,86,588 1,07,99,925
Earning per share basic (in I) 22.33 2.52
Earning per share diluted (in I) 18.15 2.50
27 Gratuity and other post-employment benefits
  The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan. The gratuity plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Every 
employee who has completed five years or more of service is entitled to gratuity of 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for each 
completed year of service. The scheme is funded with LIC.
  The following tables summarize the components of net benefit expense recognized in the statement of profit and loss and 
amounts recognized in the balance sheet for the gratuity plan:
  Statement of Profit and Loss
  Net employee benefit expenses recognised in the employee cost:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current service cost 12.40 9.93
Interest cost 2.58 1.88
Net benefit expense 14.98 11.81
  Expenses recognised in the Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) for the period:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Actuarial (Gains)/Losses on Obligation For the Period 3.53 (1.83)
Return on Plan Assets, Excluding Interest Income 0.51 0.24
Net benefit expense 4.04 (1.59)
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
101

===== PAGE 91 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  Balance sheet
  Benefit asset/liability:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Present value of defined benefit obligation (68.64) (55.68)
Fair value of plan assets 14.99 19.63
Plan asset/(liability) (53.65) (36.05)
  Changes in the fair value of defined benefit obligation are as follows:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Opening defined benefit obligation 55.68 34.35
Current service cost 12.40 9.93
Interest cost 3.91 3.33
Liability transferred in /Acquisitions - 11.56
Benefits paid directly by employer (1.02) -
Benefits paid directly from fund (5.86) (1.64)
Remeasurements - -
Actuarial loss/(gain) from changes in financial assumptions 1.39 0.24
Actuarial loss/(gain) from experience over the past period 2.13 (2.07)
Closing defined benefit obligation 68.63 55.70
  Changes in the fair value of assets are as follows:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Fair value as at the beginning of the year 19.63 20.07
Interest Income 1.33 1.44
Expected return on plan assets (0.51) (0.24)
Actuarial gains - -
Contributions by employer 0.40 -
Benefits paid from fund (5.86) (1.64)
Closing fair value of asset 14.99 19.63
  The amounts recognized in the Balance Sheet are as follows:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Present value of the obligation as at the end of the year 68.63 55.70
Fair value of plan assets as at the end of the year 14.99 19.63
Net liability/ (asset) recognized in the Balance Sheet 53.64 36.07
  The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity obligations for the Company’s plan are  
shown below:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Expected Return on Plan Assets 7.16% 7.29%
Rate of Discounting 7.16% 7.29%
Rate of Salary Increase 8.50% 8.50%
Rate of Employee Turnover 25.00% 25.00%
Mortality Rate During Employment Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
102

===== PAGE 92 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and 
other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market.
  Sensitivity Analysis of significant actuarial assumptions
Particulars
Change in DBO by Change in DBO by
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Discounting (2.31) (1.18)
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Discounting 2.50 1.27
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase 2.26 1.13
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Salary Increase (2.17) (1.09)
Delta Effect of +1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover (0.75) (0.32)
Delta Effect of -1% Change in Rate of Employee Turnover 0.78 0.33
  Maturity profile
Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of Reporting As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
1st following year 11.42 10.57
2nd following year 11.09 10.08
3rd following year 10.93 8.29
4th following year 10.34 8.00
5th following year 8.93 7.16
Sum of years 6 to 10 25.00 19.94
Sum of Years 11 and above 11.82 9.49
Other Information As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Weighted average duration of the projected benefit obligation 5.00 5.00
Average expected future service 3.00 3.00
  Defined contribution plan
  The Company also has defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund in India for employees at the 
rate of 12% of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by 
the government. The obligation of the Company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor 
any constructive obligation. The expense recognised during the period towards defined contribution plan is I 64.74 million 
(Previous Year: I59.04 million)
28 Disclosure on leases:
  Transition:
  (i) The following is the movement of lease liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2025
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year 103.49 116.86
On account of new leases - 25.94
Finance cost accrued during the year 9.68 12.91
Payment of lease liabilities 41.16 52.22
Lease modifications - -
Balance at the end of the year 72.01 103.49
   The Company does not face a liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet 
the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
103

===== PAGE 93 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  (ii)  Details regarding the contractural maturities of lease liabilities as at March 31, 2025 on undiscounted 
basis:
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Less than one year 40.43 40.69
One to five years 40.43 80.86
More than five years - -
Total 80.86 121.55
29 Corporate Social Responsibility:
  As per Section 135 of the Act, a company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of its average 
net profit for the immediately preceding three financial years on corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities. The areas 
for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and malnutrition, promoting education, art and culture, promote rural and 
nationally recognised sports, healthcare, destitute care and rehabilitation, environment sustainability, disaster relief and 
rural development projects. A CSR committee has been formed by the Company as per the Act. The funds were primarily 
allocated to a corpus and utilized through the year on these activities which are specified in Schedule VII of the Act.
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
(a) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year 2.51 3.44
(b) Excess/ (short) spent in previous year 1.30 0.15
(c) Amount required to be spent during the year 1.21 3.29
(d) Amount spent during the year 3.03 4.59
(e) (Excess)/lower amount spent (c) - (d) (1.82) (1.30)
30 Related Party disclosures
i) Names of related parties and related party relationship
Name of entity Relationship
ASM Digital Technologies Inc (formerly known as Pinnacle Talent Inc), USA Wholly owned subsidiary
ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd (formerly known as Advanced  
Synergic Pte Ltd), Singapore
Wholly owned subsidiary
ASM Technologies KK, Japan Wholly owned subsidiary
ASM Digital Technologies Co Ltd-Thailand Step-down subsdiary
RV Forms & Gears LLP Subsdiary
ASM Engineering Pvt Limited, UK (w.e.f November 1, 2023) Wholly owned subsidiary
ASM Digital Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK (w.e.f November 1, 2023) Step-down subsdiary
ASM HHV Engineering Private Limited Jointly Controlled Entity
IDS Systems LLP Company in which directors are 
interested
RPM Financial Services Entity in which KMP are interested
Rabindra Srikantan Directors
M R Vikram
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Shekar Viswanathan
Preeti Rabindra
M Lakshminarayan
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
104

===== PAGE 94 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Name of entity Relationship
N Krishnan Key Managerial Personnel ("KMP")
Narsingh Rathod
Pramod G Rao
Vanishree Kulkarni
Srinivasa Murthy Seshadri
Akhil Rabindra Relatives of Director
Nikhil Rabindra
Nirmala N Rathod Relative of KMP
ii) Related party transactions
  The following table provides the total amount of transactions that have been entered into with related parties for the relevant 
financial year:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Sale of services
- RV Forms & Services LLP 114.59 11.70
- ASM Digital Technologies Inc (Formerly known as Pinnacle Talent India) 57.33 92.60
- ASM Technologies KK, Japan - -
-  ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd (Formerly known as Advanced Synergic Pte Ltd) 34.95 40.81
-  ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK (formerly known as Semcon Engineering UK Limited, 
UK)
6.46 7.31
Purchase of services
-  ASM Digital Technologies Inc (Formerly known as Pinnacle Talent India) (services 
provided to ASM branch at USA)
26.00 28.70
-  R V Forms and Gears LLP 4.81 0.82
Salary Advance given and recovered during the year:
-  Rabindra Srikantan 109.10 59.90
Issue of share warrants:
-  Rabindra Srikantan - 207.84
-  Preeti R - 118.00
Amount received towards share warrant
-  Rabindra Srikantan 36.27 -
Issue of equity shares during the year
-  Rabindra Srikantan 48.41 -
Other services received/rendered
- interest received during the year from ASM Japan, KK - 0.78
-  interest received during the year from R V Forms and Gears LLP 36.97 23.97
Investments made the year-
-  ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK (formerly known as Semcon Engineering UK Limited, 
UK)
- 44.07
- ASM HHV Engineering Pvt Ltd 4.00 3.00
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
105

===== PAGE 95 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  The following table provides the closing balances of related parties as at the relevant financial year-end:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Amount receivable/(payable) by the Company as at the financial year-end
ASM Digital Technologies Inc, USA (formerly known as Pinnacle Talent India) (net) 213.27 154.52
ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd(Formerly known as Advanced Synergic Pte Ltd), 
Singapore (net)
3.78 14.74
IDS Systems LLP - 6.45
RV Forms & Gears LLP (Professional charges receivable) 258.13 130.71
RV Forms & Gears LLP (Interest receivable) 64.30 21.57
RV Forms & Gears LLP (Loan outstanding at the end of the year) 332.07 288.92
ASM Japan (Professional charges and interets on loan receivable) 7.37 8.13
ASM Japan (Loan receivable) - 13.33
ASM Japan (interest receivable) 2.21 3.08
ASM Japan (Share application money pending allotment) 12.32 -
Investments outstanding the year-
- RV Forms & Gears LLP
  - Capital Account 143.00 21.50
  - Current Account (128.46) (152.43)
- ASM Technologies KK, Japan 0.64 0.64
- ASM HHV Engineering Pvt Ltd 10.50 6.50
- ASM Digital Technologies Inc (Pinnacle Talent Inc) 9.94 9.94
- ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd 34.52 34.52
-  ASM Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK (formerly known as Semcon Engineering UK Limited, 
UK)
44.07 44.07
Guarantees outstanding at the end of the year:
-  RV Forms & Gears LLP 99.00 104.81
Key Managerial Personnel: Relationship Nature of transaction Current Year Previous Year
M R Vikram Chairman Sitting fees & reimbursement 
of expenses
2.84 3.31
Rabindra Srikantan Managing Director Remuneration 35.42 11.75
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Director Sitting fees & Comission 0.31 1.75
Shekar Viswanathan Director Sitting fees & Comission 0.26 1.79
M Lakshminarayan Director Sitting fees & Comission 0.29 2.29
Preeti R Director Sitting fees & Comission 0.41 1.77
Nikhil Rabindra Relative of Director Remuneration 10.98 10.76
Akhil Rabindra Relative of Director Remuneration 8.35 3.93
Narsingh Rathod Chief Financial Officer Remuneration 2.89 0.25
Vanishree Kulkarni Company Secretary Remuneration 2.20 3.05
Srinivasa Murthy Seshadri KMP Remuneration 7.15 6.91
Pramod G Rao KMP Remuneration 9.90 8.81
Nirmala N Rathod Relative of KMP Professional Charges - 1.17
Amount due to Company: - -
N Rathod KMP Salary Advance 0.35 -
N Rathod KMP Remuneration 0.02 -
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
106

===== PAGE 96 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  Compensation of key managerial personnel
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Short-term employee benefits 77.86 55.09
Post employment benefit* 0.95 1.54
*The remuneration to the key managerial personnel does not include the provisions made the gratuity and leave benefits, as they are determined 
on an actuarial basis for the Company as a whole.
  Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
  The sales of services to and purchases from related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s 
length transactions.
31 Capital and other commitments
  Company has committed to contribute  I80 Million to a venture capital fund out of which I 63 Million has been paid so far. 
Amount of such capital commitment outstanding as at March 31, 2025 is I17.50 million (As at March 31, 2024: I30 million)
32 Contingent Liabilities
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Service tax claim(company filed appeal against the order) 41.85 41.85
Showcause notice received from service tax authorities 182.28 182.28
Income tax under appeal of which the Company has paid an amount of I Nil million (as 
at March 31, 2024 I0.60 million)under protest
- 2.99
Income tax deducted at source demand under the traces software for short and non 
remittances of tax deduction at source – matter under examination.
- -
Corporate Guarantee given in favour of R V Forms & Gears LLP and ASM Digital 
Engineering Private Limited for availing credit facilities.
99 104.81
33 MSME Disclosure
a) Disclosure required under clause 22 of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier 
as at the end of each accounting year
2.13 4.52
- Principal amount due to micro and small enterprises 2.13 4.52
- Interest due on above Nil Nil
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 
2006 along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the 
appointed day during each accounting year.
Nil Nil
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment 
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without 
adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006.
Nil Nil
Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment during the year. Nil Nil
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting 
year.
Nil Nil
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small 
enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section 
23 of the MSMED Act, 2006.
Nil Nil
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
107

===== PAGE 97 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
34 Segment reporting
  The Company believes that assets and liabilities used in the business are not identified to any of the reportable segments, as 
these are used interchangeably between segments. Accordingly the same has not been provided.
Particulars
For the year ended March 31, 2025 For the year ended March 31, 2024
Exports Domestic Exports Domestic
Segment Revenue:
Services 474.86 1,381.31 617.54 990.56
Manufacturing 101.52 440.04 103.04 -
Segment Expenses:
Services 273.13 953.10 379.29 729.45
Manufacturing 63.91 382.83 53.39 -
Segment Results:
Services 201.73 428.21 238.25 261.11
Manufacturing 37.61 57.21 49.65 -
  Significant Clients
  The Company’s 39.4% of revenue is derived from two customers (Previous year: 42.4% of revenue from one customers).
  Product-wise Information
  Company provides single service and hence no product-wise information is necessary to be given.
35 Income taxes
  The major components of income tax expense for the years ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 are:
i) Statement of profit and loss:
  Profit or loss section
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Current income tax:
Current income tax in Inida 81.01 17.09
Current income tax outside Inida - 0.69
Prior year tax 2.56 (15.63)
Deferred tax:
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences 11.91 7.97
Income tax expense reported in the statement of profit or loss 95.48 10.12
OCI section
Deferred tax related to items recognised in OCI during the year: 1.79 (0.01)
Income tax charged to OCI 1.79 (0.01)
ii)  Reconciliation of tax expense and the accounting profit multiplied by India’s domestic tax rate for 
March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Accounting profit before income tax 358.43 36.97
Enacted income tax rate in India 25.17% 25.17%
Tax at the applicable tax rate of 25.17% (March 31, 2024: 25.17%) 90.21 9.29
Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes:
Inadmissable expenses (3.07) 17.78
Temporary differences not considered for current tax calculation (net of amounts 
recognised in other comprehensive income)
(0.87) (6.10)
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
108

===== PAGE 98 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Difference in profit on account of Ind AS adjustments (5.81) (3.88)
Provision for tax relating to prior years 2.56 (15.63)
Tax payable on Long Term capital gain @ 20%
Tax payable by representative office - 0.69
Additional Provision 0.55 -
At the effective income tax rate of 25.17% (March 31, 2024: 25.17%) - Income tax 
expense recorded in the books
83.55 2.16
iii)  Reconciliation of deferred tax expense /(income) recognised in Statement of profit and loss and Other 
comprehensive income:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets (8.98) 11.86
Fair valuation adjustments of financial instruments - -
Provision for impariment of financial assets 4.29 15.17
Provision for employee benefits allowable under Income Tax on payment basis (5.81) (7.98)
Unabsorbed depreciation 1.88 (1.88)
Ind AS adjustments 12.50 (17.55)
Ind AS adjustment on Mark to Market of Investment 6.24 (1.72)
Total 10.12 (2.10)
  The tax rates under Indian Income Tax Act, for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is 25.17% and 25.17% respectively
iv) Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) as at March 31, 2025 is in relation to:
Particulars As at  
April 1, 2024
Recognised in 
profit and loss
Recognised 
in other 
comprehensive 
income
Recognised 
directly in 
equity
As at  
March 31, 2025
Property, Plant and Equipment and 
Intangible assets
(13.85) 8.98 - - (4.87)
Fair valuation adjustments of financial 
instruments
- - - - -
Provision for impariment of financial 
assets
16.42 (4.29) - - 12.13
Provision for employee benefits 
allowable under Income Tax on 
payment basis
11.57 4.79 1.02 - 17.38
Unabsorbed depreciation 1.88 (1.88) (0.00)
Ind AS adjustment for leases 17.19 (12.50) - - 4.69
Ind AS adjustment on Mark to Market 
of Investment
(4.14) (7.01) 0.77 - (10.38)
Total 29.07 (11.91) 1.79 - 18.95
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
109

===== PAGE 99 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) as at March 31, 2024 is in relation to:
Particulars As at  
April 1, 2023
 Recognised in 
profit and loss 
 Recognised 
in other 
comprehensive 
income 
Recognised 
directly in 
equity
As at  
March 31, 2024
Property, Plant and Equipment and 
Intangible assets
(1.99) (11.86) - - (13.85)
Fair valuation adjustments of financial 
instruments
- - - - -
Provision for impariment of financial 
assets
31.59 (15.17) - - 16.42
Provision for employee benefits 
allowable under Income Tax on 
payment basis
3.59 8.52 (0.54) - 11.57
Unabsorbed depreciation - 1.88 1.88
Ind AS adjustment for leases (0.36) 17.55 - - 17.19
Ind AS adjustment on Mark to Market 
of Investment
(5.86) 1.33 0.39 - (4.14)
Total 26.97 2.25 (0.15) - 29.07
  Pursuant to Taxation Loss (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019 dated September 20, 2019, the Company intends to exercise the 
option permitted under Section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 to compute income tax at the rate of 22% plus applicable 
surcharge and cess.
v)  The Company is in the process of making up to date documentation in pursuance of the Transfer Pricing study relating to 
international transaction with Associated Enterprises for the year as required under the Income-tax Act, 1961. According 
to the Company and based on the advice of its counsel the Company believes that the profit margins are comparable to 
available market data and consequently no adjustments are required to these financial statements in respect of the same 
notwithstanding the draft assessment order referred above.
36 Financial ratios
a. Ratio   Current Ratio
  Numerator   Current Assets
  Denominator   Current Liabilities
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Current Assets (A) 2,183.95 1,954.74
Current Liabilities (B) 797.75 513.35
Current Ratio (C) =(A) / (B) 2.74 3.81
%Change from previous year -28.10%
  Due to increase in current liabilities due to operations of the Company..
b. Ratio   Debt Equity Ratio
 Numerator   Total Debt [represents current and non-current borrowings]
 Denominator   Shareholders’ equity [represents total equity]
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Total debt (A) 762.78 675.54
Shareholder's equity (B) 1,857.39 1,616.18
Debt equity ratio (C) = (A) / (B) 0.41 0.42
%Change from previous year -1.75%
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
110

===== PAGE 100 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
c.  Ratio   Debt service coverage ratio
 Numerator   Earnings available for debt service
 Denominator  Debt service
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Profit after tax for the year (A) 262.95 26.81
Add: Non cash operating expenses and finance cost
  Depreciation and Amortisation expense (B) 62.17 67.33
  Finance costs (C) 100.06 83.24
Earnings available for debt services (D) = (A)+(B)+(C) 425.18 177.38
Finance costs (E) 100.06 83.24
Repayment of non-current borrowings (F) 76.56 29.90
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities (G) 41.16 52.22
Debt service (H) = (E) + (F) + (G) 217.78 165.36
Debt service coverage ratio (I) = (D) /(H) 1.95 1.07
%Change from previous year 81.97%
*Due to increase in profits during year.
d. Ratio   Return on equity [%]
  Numerator   Restated loss after tax
  Denominator   Average Shareholder’s Equity
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Profit after tax for the year (A) 262.95 26.81
Closing shareholder's equity (B) 1,857.39 1,616.18
Average shareholder's equity [(opening + closing) /2] (C) 1,736.79 1,165.10
Return on equity [%] (D) = (A)/(C) *100 15.14% 2.30%
%Change from previous year 556.98%
  Due to increase in Equity on account of issue of equity shares on preferential basis and increase in profits during the year.
e. Ratio   Trade receivables turnover ratio
  Numerator   Revenue from operations
  Denominator   Average trade receivables
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Revenue from operations (A) 2,397.73 1,711.14
Closing Trade Receivables 1,431.83 737.54
Average Trade Receivables [(opening + closing) /2] (B) 1,084.69 592.43
Trade receivables turnover ratio (C) = (A) / (B) 2.21 2.89
%Change from previous year -23.47%
f.  Ratio   Trade payables turnover ratio
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
111

===== PAGE 101 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
 Numerator   Total purchases
 Denominator   Average trade payables 
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Total purchases * (A) 295.73 63.68
Closing Trade Payables 158.54 26.71
Average Trade Payables [(opening + closing) /2] (B) 92.63 13.36
Trade payables turnover ratio (C) = (A) / (B) 3.19 4.77
%Change from previous year -33.04%
  Increase in the operations leading to increase in trade payables
g. Ratio   Net capital turnover ratio
  Numerator   Revenue from operations
  Denominator   Working capital
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Revenue from operations (A) 2,397.73 1,711.14
Working Capital (Current Assets - Current Liabilities) (B) 1,386.20 1,441.39
Net capital turnover ratio (C) = (A)/ (B) 1.73 1.19
%Change from previous year 45.70%
  Due to increase in revenue and decrease in net working capital
h. Ratio   Net profit ratio [%]
  Numerator   Profit after tax
  Denominator   Revenue from operations
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Profit after tax for the year (A) 262.95 26.81
Revenue from operations (B) 2,397.73 1,711.14
Net profit [%] (C) = (A) / (B) *100 10.97% 1.57%
%Change from previous year 598.91%
  Due to increase in profit and revenue from operations
i. Ratio    Return on capital employed [%]
  Numerator   Earning before interest and taxes
  Denominator   Capital Employed (Total equity, Total borrowings and Total lease liabilities)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Profit after tax for the year (A) 262.95 26.81
Adjustments
  Add: Total tax expense (B) 95.48 10.12
  Add: Finance costs (C) 100.06 83.24
Earnings before interest and tax (D) = (A) + (B) + (C) 458.49 120.17
Total equity (E) 1,857.39 1,616.18
Current and Non-current borrowing (F) 690.77 572.04
Current and Non-current lease liability (G) 72.01 103.50
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
112

===== PAGE 102 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Capital Employed (H) = (E) + (F) + (G) 2,620.17 2,291.72
Return on capital employed [%] (I) = (D) / (H) *100 17.50% 5.25%
%Change from previous year 233.60%
  Due to increase in profit and revenue from operations
j. Ratio   Return on investment [%]
  Numerator    Interest income on fixed deposits + Profit on sale of investments + Income of investments - Impairment 
on value of invesment
  Denominator   Current investment + Non current investments + Fixed deposits with bank
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Interest income on fixed deposits (A) 78.86 33.41
Income of investments (B) 16.53 (65.96)
Profit on sale of investments (C) 9.33 8.00
Impairment on value of invesment (D) 2.96 0.53
Net return on investments (E) = (A)+(B)+(C)+(D) 107.68 (24.02)
Current investment (F) 123.83 114.50
Non current investments (G) 268.54 111.95
Fixed deposits with bank (H) 60.32 29.94
Capital Employed (I) = (F) + (G) + (H) 452.69 256.39
Return on investment [%] (J) = (E) / (I) *100 23.79% -9.37%
%Change from previous year -353.90%
* Subsidaries loss has increased substantially during the year.
k. Ratio   Inventory turnover ratio
 Numerator   Cost of goods sold
 Denominator   Average inventory
Ratios/ Measures
As at
31-Mar-25 31-Mar-24
Cost of goods sold (A) 217.13 53.39
Closing Inventory (B) 88.89 10.29
Average inventory [(opening + closing) /2] (C) 49.59 5.14
Inventory turnover ratio (D) = (A)/(C) 4.38 10.38
%Change from previous year -57.81%
  Due to increase in the operations of the company
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
113

===== PAGE 103 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
37 Business combination of wholly owned subsidiary:
  Pursuant to scheme of Arrangement filed between the Company ("Transfee Company") and its wholly owned Subsidiary 
Company, ASM Digital Engineering Private Limited ("Transferor Company") in terms of provisions of Section 230 to 233 of the 
Act, to merge the business of its wholly owned subsidiary with the Company (hereinafter referred to as "the Scheme") with 
appointed date being April 1, 2023 and has been approved by National Company Law Tribunal ('NCLT') in November 2024. 
The Scheme has been filed with the Registrar of Companies, Karnataka on 14-12-2024.
  In accordance with the provisions of the aforesaid scheme: -
  a.  The Scheme being a common control business combination, has been accounted for using the pooling of interests 
method from the appointed date specified under the Scheme. As per Ind AS 103 - Business Combinations, common 
control business combination should be accounted as per the pooling of interests method and the financial information 
in the financial statements in respect of prior periods should be restated as if the business combination had occured from 
the beginning of the preceeding period in the financial statements, irrespective of the actual date of the combination. 
Therefore, the aforesaid accounting from the appointed date.
  b.  The assets and liabilities of the Transferor Company have been recognized at their existing carrying amounts.
  c.  No adjustments were made to reflect fair values or to recognize new assets and liabilities.
  d.  The identity of the reserves of the Transferor Company is preserved and appeared in the financial statements of the 
Transferee Company in the same form and manner as they appeared previously.
  e.  The difference between the value of investments in the Transferor Company and the net assets taken over has been 
adjusted in the reserves of the Transferee Company.
  f.  Details of the Assets acquired and liabilities assumed of the Transferor Company is as under:
Particulars Amount
K In millions
Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 97.72
(b)  Intangible Assets 4.21
(c)  Financial Assets 10.58
(d)  Deferred tax assets (Net) 10.04
(e)  Other non-current assets 59.55
Current assets
(a)  Financial Assets
  (i)  Trade receivables 166.27
  (ii)  Cash and cash equivalents 0.44
  (iii)  Loans and advances 0.14
(b)  Other current assets 10.5
Assets taken over 359.45
Borrowings 15.08
Lease Liabilities 89.65
Trade Payables 93.14
Other liabiliites 13.58
Provisions 22.53
Liabilities assumed 233.98
Net Assets Taken Over 125.47
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
114

===== PAGE 104 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  g. The figures of the previous year has been restated to reflect the Merger effect as follows:
Particulars As previously 
reported
Adjustments of 
Merger As restated
Revenue from operations 1,391.50 319.64 1,711.14
Other income 104.85 23.47 128.32
1,496.35 343.11 1,839.46
Cost of goods sold * 63.68 - 63.68
(Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories * (10.29) - (10.29)
Employee benefits expense 865.97 377.14 1,243.11
Finance costs 38.58 44.66 83.24
Depreciation and amortization expense 22.96 44.37 67.33
Other expenses 295.95 59.51 355.46
1,276.85 525.68 1,802.53
* Restated from other expenses
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies
  The Company’s principal financial liabilities comprise of trade and other payables. The main purpose of these financial 
liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations to support its operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include 
trade and other receivables, rental and bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents, that derive directly from its operations. 
The Company is exposed to credit and liquidity risk. The Company’s senior management oversees the management of these 
risks and the Board of Director’s reviews these activities. 
 i. Market Risk
   Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument would fluctuate due to changes 
in market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk, such as 
equity price risk and commodity risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include trade payables. The Company 
is not exposed to price risk on the financial date.
   The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the positions as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
   The analysis exclude the impact of movements in market variables on: the carrying values of gratuity and other post-
retirement obligations and provisions.
   The following assumption has been made in calculating sensitivity analyses:
   The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This is 
based on the financial assets and financial liabilities held at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
   Foreign currency risk
   Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The operations of the Company are both in India and overseas. Company has been providing 
services to overseas customers. Hence, the Company is currently exposed to the currency risk arising from fluctuation 
of these foreign currencies and Indian rupee exchange rates.
   The following table presents foreign currency risk for the below financial liabilities:
As at March 31, 2025
Currency
Transaction currency
Particulars Amount Total
Assets:
Trade receivables GBP 130.41 130.41
Trade receivables JPY 5.33 5.33
Trade receivables USD 22.54 22.54
Total 158.28 158.28
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
115

===== PAGE 105 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
As at March 31, 2024
Currency
Transaction currency
Particulars Amount Total
Assets:
Trade receivables USD 302.95 302.95
Total 302.95 302.95
   Foreign currency sensitivity
Particulars Change in USD rates Effect on profit before 
tax (Decrease)/Increase
Effect on pre-tax equity 
(Decrease)/Increase
March 31, 2025 1% 1.58 1.58
-1% (1.58) (1.58)
March 31, 2024 1% 3.03 3.03
-1% (3.03) (3.03)
ii. Credit risk
  Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading 
to a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables). At the end of 
every financial year, the Company makes an assessment whether any loss allowance has to be provided for using the lifetime 
Expected Credit Loss (ECL) method.
iii. Liquidity Risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company 
manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities 
when due.
  The Company’s board of directors are responsible for liquidity, funding as well as settlement management.
  The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2025
Less than 1 year
As at 
March 31, 2024
Less than 1 year
Borrowings 527.6 383.36
Lease liabilities 34.27 13.43
Trade payables 158.54 26.71
Other financial liabilities 9.22 8.03
Total 729.63 431.53
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2025
More than 
1 year less 
than 5 years
As at 
March 31, 2024
More than 
1 year less 
than 5 years
Borrowings 163.17 188.68
Lease liabilities 37.74 90.07
Total 200.91 278.75
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
116

===== PAGE 106 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
39 Financial Instruments
  The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
  Financial Assets
Particulars
Carrying value as at Fair value as at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Cost
Investments in subsidiaries 93.75 (55.72) 93.75 (55.72)
Amortised Cost
Loans 372.77 373.87 372.77 373.87
Trade receivables 1,431.83 737.54 1,431.83 737.54
Cash and cash equivalents 109.49 709.64 109.49 709.64
Other assets 68.16 26.10 68.16 26.10
Fair value through Profit and Loss
Investments 200.73 199.13 200.73 199.13
Fair value through Other  
Comprehensive Income
-
Investments 97.89 83.04 97.89 83.04
Total Assets 2,374.62 2,073.60 2,374.62 2,073.60
  Financial Liabilities
Particulars
Carrying value as at Fair value as at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Amortised Cost
Loans and borrowings 690.77 572.04 690.77 572.04
Lease liability 34.27 13.43 34.27 13.43
Trade payables 158.54 26.71 158.54 26.71
Other liabilities 9.22 8.03 9.22 8.03
Total Liabilities 892.80 620.21 892.80 620.21
  Fair Value Hierarchy
  Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
  Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
  Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
  The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2025
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
Fair value measurement at end of reporting year
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Loans: Security deposits (at amortised cost) 372.77 372.77
Investments (at fair value) 392.37 123.83 151.62 116.92
  The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2024
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
Fair value measurement at end of reporting year
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Loans: Security deposits (at amortised cost) 373.87 373.87
Investments (at fair value) 226.45 199.13 - 27.32
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
117

===== PAGE 107 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
40 Capital Managament
  For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity holders and long-term and short-term borrowings. The primary objective of the Company’s capital 
management is to maximise the shareholder's value.
  The capital structure is as follows: 
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Amount Percentage of 
total capital Amount Percentage of 
total capital
Total equity attributable to the equity share holders of 
the Company
1,857.39 72.89% 1,616.18 73.86%
Non-current Borrowings 163.17 6.40% 188.68 8.62%
Short-term borrowings 527.60 20.71% 383.36 17.52%
Total 2,548.16 100.00% 2,188.22 100.00%
  The Company is predominantly equity financed which is evident from the capital structure table. Further, the Company has always 
been a net cash Company with cash and bank balances along with current financial assets which is predominantly receivables.
41  No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or 
kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with 
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest in party identified 
by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Company has not received any fund from any party(s) (Funding 
Party) with the understanding that the Company shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
42  The Code on Social Security 2020 (“”the Code””) relating employee benefits, during the employment and post employment, 
has received presidential assent on September 28, 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India. Further, the 
Ministry of Labour and Employment has released draft rules for the Code on November 13, 2020. However, the effective date 
from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and rules for quanitifying the financial impact are yet to be issued.
  The Company will assess the impact of the Code and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period in 
which the Code becomes effective and the related rules to determine the financial impact are published.
43 Dividends:
  i)  The Board of directors of the Company have proposed final dividend of I 3 /- (Previous Year: I 1/-) per equity share of  
I10/- fully paid up for the year ended March 31, 2025 which is subject to approval of the members in the ensuing annual 
general meeting.
  ii)  The Board of Directors of the Company have paid an interim dividedn of Re.1/- per equity share of I10/- each fully paid 
up during the year.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
118

===== PAGE 108 =====
Notes to Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
44 Additional Disclosures:
  (i)  Transactions and balances with companies which have been removed from register of Companies [struck off companies] 
as at the above reporting periods is Nil.
  (ii) The Company has not traded / invested in Crypto currency.
  (iii)  The Company has no such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or 
any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
  (iv)  The Company is not a declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender.
  (v)  The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
Company for holding any Benami property.
 (vi) The Company has granted loans to related parties as follows:
Type of Borrower
Amount of loan 
or advance in the 
nature of loan 
outstanding
Percentage to the 
total Loans and 
Advances in the 
nature of loans
Subsidiaries 332.07 100%
45 Standards Issued but not effective:
  The Ministry of Corporate affairs has notified on May 7, 2025 certain amendments to Ind AS 21 – Effect of changes in FX rates. 
The company is in the process of studying the amendments and ascertaining its impact.
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration  
No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
119

===== PAGE 109 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Members of ASM Technologies Limited
Report on Audit of the Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements
Opinion:
We have audited the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements of 
ASM Technologies Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries 
and joint venture (collectively referred as “the Group”) which 
comprise of balance sheet as at March 31, 2025, the statement 
of profit & loss, statement of changes in equity, the cashflow 
statement for the year then ended, and notes to Consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements including a summary of significant 
accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid consolidated Ind 
AS financial statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required 
and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian 
Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act 
read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 as amended (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company 
as at March 31, 2025, profits (including other comprehensive 
income), changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended 
on that date.
Basis of Opinion:
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (“SAs”) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our 
responsibilities under those Standards are further described in 
the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements section of our report. We are 
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of 
Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 
together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our 
audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial statements under the 
provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion.
Key Audit Matters:
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2025. These matters were addressed in 
the context of our audit of the consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each 
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the 
matter is provided in that context.
Key audit matters How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Adoption of Ind AS 115 - Revenue from Contract with Customers as described in note 2.2 (i). and note 17 of the 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements:
The Company has accounted revenue as per Ind AS 115 - 
Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
Application of Ind AS 115, including selection of transition 
method involves significant judgment in determining when 
‘control’ of the goods or services underlying the performance 
obligation is transferred to the customer and the transition 
method to be applied.
As the revenue recognition, due to the significance of the 
balance to the financial statements as a whole, we regard this as 
a key audit matter.
As part of our audit procedures, our procedures included the 
following:
 y We have read the accounting policy for revenue recognition 
and assessed compliance of the policy in terms of principles 
enunciated under Ind AS 115.
 y We obtained and understood the revenue recognition 
process including determination of point of transfer of 
control and completion of performance obligation.
 y We performed test of details, on a sample basis, and 
examined the underlying customer contracts.
 y We examined the disclosures made by management in 
compliance with the requirements of Ind AS 115.
Conclusion:
Our procedures did not identify any material exceptions.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
120

===== PAGE 110 =====
Other Matters:
Consolidated financial statements include unaudited financial 
statements of ASM Engineering Private Limited, UK and ASM 
Digital Engineering Private Limited, UK, whose financial 
statements reflect total assets of I 31.19 million as at March 31, 
2025, total revenues of I 100.48 million, total net profit after 
tax I5.40 million as considered in this consolidated financial 
statement. These financial statements are unaudited and have 
been furnished to us by the Management and our opinion 
on the Statement, in so far as it relates to the amounts and 
disclosures included in respect of this subsidiary based solely 
on such unaudited financial statements. In our opinion and 
according to the information and explanations given to us by 
the Company, these financial statements are not material to 
the Group.
Other Information [“Information Other than 
the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report 
Thereon”]
The Company’s Board of Directors are responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the board report but does not include the financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the 
other information and we do not express any form of assurance 
conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, 
consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent 
with the financial statements, or our knowledge obtained in the 
audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based 
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a 
material misstatement of this other information, we are required 
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our 
responsibility is to read the other information identified above 
when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether 
the other information is materially inconsistent with the Ind AS 
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
Management’s Responsibility for Consolidated 
Ind AS Financial Statements:
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act, with respect to the 
preparation of these Consolidated Ind AS financial statements 
that give a true and fair view of the financial position, 
financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of 
the Company in accordance with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, including the accounting standards 
specified under section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also 
includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of 
the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting 
frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate implementation and maintenance of accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable 
and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of 
the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Ind AS financial statement that give a true 
and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is 
responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as 
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or 
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
through the audit. We also:
 y Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures 
responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. 
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
 y Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the 
audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are 
also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the 
company has adequate internal financial controls system in 
place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
 y Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
 y Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
121

===== PAGE 111 =====
doubt on the ability of the Company to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we 
are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the 
related disclosures in the Consolidated financial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. 
Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained 
up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events 
or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue 
as a going concern.
 y Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of 
the consolidated Ind AS financial statements, including the 
disclosures, and whether the consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and events 
in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including 
any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify 
during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements:
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
  a)  We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
  b)  In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books
  c)  The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss, 
statement of changes in equity and the Cash Flow 
Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement 
with the books of account.
  d)  In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated financial 
statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act.
  e)  On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken 
on record by the Board of Directors, none of the 
directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from 
being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 
(2) of the Act.
  f)  With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to 
our separate Report in “Annexure - A”.
  g)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with requirement 
of Section 197 (16) of the Act, as amended:
   In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanation given to us, the remuneration 
paid during the current year by the Company is in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the 
Act. The remuneration paid to any director/ manager 
by the Company, is not in excess of the limit laid 
down under Section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details 
under Section 197(16) which are required to be 
commented upon by us.
 h)  With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
   i)  The Company has disclosed its pending 
litigations which would impact its financial 
position in note 31 of the Consolidated Ind AS 
financial statements.
     ii)  The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts as required under the applicable law 
or accounting standards, and also not entered 
into any derivative contracts, accordingly no 
provision is required to be made in respect of 
material foreseeable losses.
     iii)  During the year, the Company has remitted 
an amount of  I 0.58 million to Investor 
Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) as per 
the provisions of the Act. However, due to a 
technical error at the bank's end, the amount 
has been returned to the Company's bank 
account. The management has is in the process 
of taking the corrective steps to remit the same 
and said amount is outstanding as at March 
31, 2025.
     iv)  a.  The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have 
been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the Company to or in any other 
person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
122

===== PAGE 112 =====
provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
    b.  The Management has represented, 
that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) 
have been received by the Company 
from any person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
    c.  Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as 
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain 
any material misstatement
  v. a)  Based on the information and explanation 
furnished to us by the Company, final 
dividend paid by it which was proposed 
in the previous year and interim dividend 
during paid during the year are in 
accordance with section 123 of the Act.
     As per note 41 of the financial statements, 
the Board of Directors has proposed a final 
dividend which is subject to approval by 
the members of the Company in ensuing 
annual general meeting.
  vi.  Based on our examination, which included 
test checks, the Company has used accounting 
software systems for maintaining its books 
of account for the financial year ended March 
31, 2025 which have the feature of recording 
audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has 
operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software systems. 
Further, during the course of our audit we did 
not come across any instance of the audit trail 
feature being tampered with and the audit trail 
has been preserved by the Company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention.
2.  With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (the “Order”/ 
“CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in the Auditor’s report, 
according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us for the Company 
and its subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, to which reporting under CARO is 
applicable is as under:
Name CIN Nature of the Company Clause No. of CARO Report which 
is qualified or adverse
ASM Technologies Limited L85110KA1992PLC013421 Holding Company 2 a) and 3 c)
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA H S Vasuki)
Partner
Place: Bangalore Membership No: 212013
Date: May 18, 2025 UDIN: 25212013BMLXLQ8603
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
123

===== PAGE 113 =====
Annexure-A
REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH 1. f UNDER THE HEADING “REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS” 
OF OUR REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF ASM TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED.
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under 
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”):
In conjunction with our audit of Ind AS consolidated financial 
statements of the Company as of and for the year ended 
March 31, 2025, we have audited the internal controls over 
financial reporting of ASM Technologies Limited (“the Holding 
Company”) and its subsidiary companies which are incorporated 
in India, as of that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal 
Financial Controls:
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and 
its subsidiaries, which are companies incorporated in India, are 
responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial 
controls based on “the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
(“the Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (“ICAI”). These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring 
the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, 
the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”).
Auditors’ Responsibility:
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on 
our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards 
on Auditing, issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under 
section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of 
internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal 
Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. Those Standards and the Guidance Note 
require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating 
effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system 
over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting:
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is 
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal 
financial control over financial reporting includes those policies 
and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records 
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) 
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that 
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting:
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
124

===== PAGE 114 =====
or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over 
financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion:
In our opinion, the Holding Company and its subsidiary 
companies which are incorporated in India have, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and such internal financial controls over 
financial reporting were operating effectively as at March 31, 
2025, based on “the internal control over financial reporting 
criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India”. 
However, the Holding Company needs to strengthen the 
documentation in respect of inventory records maintained by it.
For B. K. RAMADHYANI & CO LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 002878S/S200021
(CA H S Vasuki)
Partner
Place: Bangalore Membership No: 212013
Date: May 18, 2025 UDIN: 25212013BMLXLQ8603
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
125

===== PAGE 115 =====
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars Note As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
ASSETS
(1)  Non-current assets
  (a)  Property, Plant and Equipment 3.1 474.14 322.66
  (b)  Intangible Assets 3.2 158.88 132.92
  (c) Goodwill on consolidation 122.28 33.66
  (d)  Financial Assets
     (i)  Investments 4(i) 167.12 161.37
     (ii)  Loans 4 (ii) 31.87 73.19
  (e)  Deferred tax assets (net) 5 121.62 126.95
  (f )  Other non-current assets 6 10.72 91.93
Total Non-current assets 1,086.63 942.68
(2)  Current assets
  (a)  Inventories 7 188.38 45.30
  (b)  Financial Assets
     (i)  Investments 8 (i) 123.83 114.50
     (ii)  Trade receivables 8 (ii) 1,291.48 516.92
     (iii)  Cash and cash equivalents 8 (iii) 22.76 22.01
     (iv)  Bank balances other than (iii) above 8 (iii) 108.88 707.95
     (v)  Loans 8 (iv) 0.28 2.85
     (vi)  Others 8 (v) 1.82 1.54
  (c)  Other current assets 9 42.54 36.69
Total Current Assets 1,779.97 1,447.76
Total Assets 2,866.60 2,390.44
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a)  Equity Share capital 10 118.77 117.74
(b)  Other Equity 11 1,532.49 1,297.58
Attributable to Equity holders of the parent 1,651.26 1,415.32
Non Controlling Interest (54.99)
Total Equity 1,651.26 1,360.33
LIABILITIES
(1)  Non-current liabilities
(a)  Financial Liabilities
  (i)  Borrowings 12 97.62 273.79
  (ii)  Lease Liabilities 13 53.67 96.46
(b)  Provisions 14 64.01 26.56
Total Non-current liabilities 215.30 396.81
(2)  Current liabilities
  (a)  Financial Liabilities
     (i)  Borrowings 15 (i) 667.39 416.10
     (ii)  Lease Liabilities 15(ii) 43.90 37.78
     (iii)  Trade payables 15(iii)
        (A)  total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises 2.13 5.80
        (B)  total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises 170.43 49.47
     (iv)  Other financial liabilities 15(iv) 8.72 8.39
  (b)  Other current liabilities 16 (i) 88.74 85.31
  (c)  Provisions 16 (ii) 18.73 30.45
Total Current liabilities 1,000.04 633.30
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITY 2,866.60 2,390.44
Summary of material accounting policies 1, 2
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
126

===== PAGE 116 =====
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the period ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars Notes Current Year Previous Year
Revenue from operations 17 2,888.10 2,016.48
Other income 18 88.11 48.37
Total Income (i) 2,976.21 2,064.85
Expenses
Cost of goods sold 19 596.65 242.30
(Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories 20 (143.09) (13.09)
Employee benefits expense 21 1,525.81 1,391.03
Finance costs 22 117.59 99.29
Depreciation and amortization expense 23 98.74 113.43
Other expenses 24 435.74 335.89
Total expenses (ii) 2,631.44 2,168.85
Profit before tax and exceptional item 344.77 (104.00)
Exceptional Item 2.50
Profit before tax and share of profits/(loss) of joint venture accounted for using the equity method 342.27 (104.00)
Share of net profit/(loss) of joint venture accounted for using the equity method (net of income tax) (1.02) (2.38)
Profit before tax 341.25 (106.38)
Tax expenses
(i) Current tax 81.08 2.27
(ii) Prior year tax 2.56
(iii) Deferred tax 6.98 (37.15)
Total tax expense 90.62 (34.88)
Profit/(Loss) for the year 250.63 (71.50)
Other Comprehensive Income
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans (3.50) 1.21
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 0.88 (0.31)
Deferred tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans - -
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss
Changes in fair value of investments in equity instruments (5.39) (1.56)
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Deferred tax on remeasurement of defined benefit plans 0.77 0.39
(iii) Foreign currency transilation Reserve (6.24) 72.08
(13.48) 71.81
Total Comprehensive Income for the year 237.15 0.31
Profit/(loss) for the year
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent 262.25 (43.04)
Non-controlling interests (11.62) (28.46)
Other comprehensive income for the year
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent (13.48) 71.62
Non-controlling interests - 0.19
Total comprehensive income for the year
Attributable to:
Equity holders of the parent 248.77 28.58
Non-controlling interests (11.62) (28.27)
Earnings per equity share [nominal value of share I10 (March 31, 2023: I10)]
Basic (in I) 25 21.28 (6.62)
Diluted (in I) 17.30 (6.62)
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
127

===== PAGE 117 =====
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars Current Year Previous year
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit / (loss) before tax 342.27 (104.00)
Adjustment to reconcile profit before tax to net cash flows:
Depreciation and amortization expense 98.74 113.43
Finance costs 117.59 99.29
Interest income (42.75) (10.19)
Dividend income (0.08)
Fair valuation of mutual fund (9.33) (8.00)
(Profit)/ loss on sale of Property, Plant & Equipment 1.46 -
Operating profit before working capital changes 507.90 90.53
Movements in working capital:
Increase/ (decrease) in trade payables 117.29 (42.91)
Increase/ (decrease) in other liabilities 3.43 (1.60)
Decrease / (increase) in Inventories (143.08) (2.81)
Decrease / (increase) in trade receivables (775.36) 31.24
Decrease / (increase) in other non current assets 0.12 6.28
Decrease / (increase) in other current assets (5.92) 8.56
Decrease / (increase) in loans and advances 43.89 (50.53)
Increase / (decrease) in provisions 23.09 10.19
Cash generated from /(used in) operations (228.64) 48.95
Direct taxes paid, net 6.19 55.01
Net cash flow from/ (used in) operating activities (A) (234.83) (6.06)
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of Property, plant & equipment (including capital work in progress and capital advances) (266.02) (28.25)
Proceeds from sale of PPE 3.40
Purchase of non current investments (12.16) (14.12)
Proceeds from sale of current investments 10.01
Purchase of control from non controlling interest (88.62)
Increase in non controlling interest 54.99 (28.27)
Increase/(decrease) in foreign currency translation reserve (6.24) (0.41)
(Increase)/decrease in other bank balances 599.07 (619.24)
Dividend received 0.08
Interest received 42.47 22.39
Net cash flow from/ (used in) investing activities (B) 326.97 (657.89)
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from issuance of share capital (including securities premium) 10.97 786.18
Proceeds from long-term borrowings (8.58) 165.80
Repayment of long-term borrowings (89.84) (63.04)
Increase/(decrease) of short-term borrowings, net 173.54 (22.40)
Lease liability (36.67) (47.36)
Interest paid (117.88) (98.74)
Dividends paid (including tax on dividend) (22.93) (44.71)
Net cash flow from/ (used in) in financing activities (C) (91.39) 675.73
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (A + B + C) 0.75 11.78
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 22.01 10.23
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 22.76 22.01
The Company has followed indirect cashflow method as per IND AS 7
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
128

===== PAGE 118 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
a. Equity Share Capital
 Current Reporting Period:
Particulars K In millions
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 117.74
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors -
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 117.74
Changes in Equity Share Capital during the current year 1.03
Balance at the end of the current reporting period 118.77
  Previous Reporting Period:
Particulars K In millions
Balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 103.00
Changes in Equity Share Capital due to prior period errors -
Restated balance at the beginning of the current reporting period 103.00
Changes in Equity Share Capital during the current year 14.74
Balance at the end of the current reporting period 117.74
b. Other Equity
 Current Reporting Period:
Particulars General 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Capital 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Other Comprehensive 
Income Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Non-
Controlling 
Interest
TotalForeign 
currency 
translation 
reserve
Others
As at April 1, 2024 93.00 395.76 2.14 428.96 22.97 22.64 332.10 (54.99) 1,242.59
Profit/(loss) for the year (11.62) 250.57
Received during the year 47.39 - 262.19 36.27 83.66
Other Comprehensive income (6.24) (7.24) (13.48)
Dividend declared during the 
year
-
Utilized during the year (25.30) (0.20) (23.54) (48.41) 66.61 (30.84)
Transfer to retained earnings -
As at March 31, 2025 93.00 417.85 1.94 667.61 16.73 15.40 319.96 - 1,532.49
Particulars General 
Reserve
Securities 
Premium
Capital 
Reserve
Retained 
earnings
Other Comprehensive 
Income Money 
received 
against 
share 
warrants
Non-
Controlling 
Interest
TotalForeign 
currency 
translation 
reserve
Others
As at April 1, 2023 93.00 28.85 2.67 516.02 (49.11) 22.90 - (26.72) 587.61
Profit/(loss) for the year - - - (43.06) - - (28.27) (71.33)
Addition during the year - 454.67 0.08 - - - 332.10 - 786.85
Other Comprehensive income - - - - 72.08 (0.26) - 71.82
Dividend declared during the 
year
- - - (44.00) - - - (44.00)
Utilized during the year - (87.75) (0.61) - - - - (88.36)
Transfer to retained earnings - - - - - - - -
As at March 31, 2024 93.00 395.77 2.14 428.96 22.97 22.64 332.10 (54.99) 1,242.59
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
129

===== PAGE 119 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
i)  General Reserve:
  The general reserve is a free reserve which is used from time to time to transfer profits from retained earnings for appropriation 
purposes. As the general reserve is created by a transfer from one component of equity to another and is not an item of other 
comprehensive income. An amount of I17 million has been utilised for issue of bonus shares during the year 2020-21.
ii) Security Premium:
  Securities premium is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the provisions of 
section 52 of the Companies Act, 2013. During the year an amount of I47.39 million has been added on account of conversion 
of share warrants to share capital.
iii) Capital Reserve:
  Capital Reserve is created on forfeiture of equity shares issued by the Company.
iv) Share Warrants:
  Share warrants issued during the previous year are convertible into 1 equity share of I10/- each for every share warrant issued.
v) Retained Earnings:
  It comprises of the accumulated profits/(loss) of the Company.
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration  
No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
130

===== PAGE 120 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
1 CORPORATE INFORMATION:
  ASM Technologies Limited along with its wholly-owned 
and controlled subsidiaries ASM Japan KK, ASM Digital 
Technologies Pte Ltd, Singapore, ASM Engineering Pvt 
Ltd, UK, RV Forms & Gears LLP , ASM HHV Pvt Ltd, ASM 
Digital Technologies Co Ltd wholly-owned subsidiary 
of ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd and ASM Digital 
Engineering Private Limited UK, wholly owned subsidiary 
of ASM Engineering Pvt Limited (collectively referred 
to as “Group”) is a pioneer in providing world class 
consulting services in areas of Engineering services and 
Product Engineering services with successful offshore 
development & support centres in India and overseas for 
its global clientele.
  The consolidated financial statements have been approved 
by the board of directors of the holding company on May 
18, 2025.
2 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
2.1 Basis of Preparation:
 a) Statement of Compliance:
   In accordance with the notification issued by the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Company has 
adopted Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) 
notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 with effect from April 1, 
2017. The financial statements of the Company are 
prepared and presented in accordance with Ind AS.
   The financial statements have been prepared on 
the historical cost basis, except for certain financial 
instruments which are measured at fair values at the 
end of each reporting period, as explained in the 
accounting policies below. Historical cost is generally 
based on the fair value of the consideration given in 
exchange for goods and services.
2.2 Summary of material accounting policies:
 a) Use of Estimates:
   The preparation of financial statements in 
conformity with Ind AS requires the management 
to make judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that affect the reported amounts of revenues, 
expenses, assets and liabilities and the disclosure 
of contingent liabilities, at the end of the reporting 
period. Although these estimates are based on the 
management’s best knowledge of current events 
and actions, uncertainty about these assumptions 
and estimates could result in the outcomes requiring 
a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of 
assets or liabilities in future periods. Any revision to 
accounting estimates is recognized prospectively.
 b)  Current versus non-current classification:
   The Company presents assets and liabilities 
in the balance sheet based on current/ non-
current classification.
     An asset is treated as current when it is:
 y Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or 
consumed in normal operating cycle.
 y Held primarily for the purpose of trading
 y Expected to be realised within twelve months 
after the reporting period, or
 y Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted from 
being exchanged or used to settle a liability for 
at least twelve months after the reporting period.
     All other assets are classified as non-current.
     A liability is treated as current when:
 y It is expected to be settled in normal 
operating cycle
 y It is held primarily for the purpose of trading
 y It is due to be settled within twelve months after 
the reporting period, or
 y There is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period
     All other liabilities are classified as non-current.
     Deferred tax assets/ liabilities are classified as non-
current assets/ liabilities.
 c) Property, Plant & Equipment:
   Property, plant and equipment ("PPE") are stated at 
the cost of acquisition less accumulated depreciation 
and write down for, impairment if any. Direct costs 
are capitalised until the assets are ready to be put 
to use. Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s 
carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, 
as appropriate, only when it is probable that future 
economic benefits associated with the item will 
flow to the entity and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably. All other expenses on existing 
assets, including day-to-day repair and maintenance 
expenditure and cost of replacing parts, which do 
not meet the definition of PPE as per Ind AS 16 are 
charged to the statement of profit and loss for the 
period during which such expenses are incurred.
   Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of PPE are 
measured as the difference between the net disposal 
proceeds and the carrying amount of PPE and are 
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
131

===== PAGE 121 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
recognized in the statement of profit and loss when 
the PPE is derecognized.
 d) Depreciation:
   Depreciation is provided on straight-line method 
as per the rates specified in schedule II of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”). Depreciation 
for the assets purchased/sold during the year is 
proportionately charged. The assets’ residual values 
and useful lives are reviewed at each financial year 
end or whenever there are indicators for revision, and 
adjusted prospectively.
 e) Investment Properties:
   Investment property represents properties held for 
rental yields and/or for capital appreciation or both 
rather than for:
   (a)  use in the production or supply of services or 
for administrative purposes; or
   (b)  sale in the ordinary course of business.
   Investment property is stated at the cost of 
acquisition less accumulated depreciation.
   Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s 
carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, 
as appropriate, only when it is probable that future 
economic benefits associated with the item will 
flow to the entity and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably. All other expenses on existing 
assets, including day-to-day repair and maintenance 
expenditure and cost of replacing parts, which do 
not meet the definition of Investment Property as 
per Ind AS 40 are charged to the statement of profit 
and loss for the period during which such expenses 
are incurred.
 f) Intangible Assets:
   Intangible assets acquired separately are measured 
on intial cost. Subsequently, carried at cost less 
accumulated amortization and accumulated 
impariment losses, if any.
   Intangible assets comprising of computer software 
is amortised on a over a period of three years as 
estimated by the management.
   Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an 
intangible asset are measured as a difference between 
the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount 
of the asset and are recognised in the statement of 
profit or loss when asset is derecognised.
 g) Leases:
  Where Company is a Lessee:
   The Company’s lease asset classes primarily consist 
of leases for buildings. The Company assesses 
whether a contract contains a lease, at inception of 
a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the 
contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset, the 
Company assesses whether:
  (i)  the contact involves the use of an identified asset
  (ii)  the Company has substantially all of the 
economic benefits from use of the asset 
through the period of lease
  (iii)  the Company has the right to direct the use of 
the asset. 
   At the date of commencement of the lease, the 
Company recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) 
and a corresponding lease liability for all lease 
arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for leases 
with a term of twelve months or less (short-term 
leases) and low value leases. For these short-term and 
low value leases, the Company recognizes the lease 
payments as an operating expense on a straight-line 
basis over the term of the lease.
     Certain lease arrangements includes the options to 
extend or terminate the lease before the end of the 
lease term. ROU assets and lease liabilities includes 
these options when it is reasonably certain that they 
will be exercised.
     The lease liability is initially measured at amortized 
cost at the present value of the future lease 
payments. The lease payments are discounted using 
the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily 
determinable, using the incremental borrowing rates 
in the country of domicile of these leases. Lease 
liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding 
adjustment to the related right of use asset if the 
Company changes its assessment if whether it will 
exercise an extension or a termination option.
     Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately 
presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments 
have been classified as financing cash flows.
     The borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities for 
discouting is 12.55%
   Operating Leases
   Leases, where the lessor effectively retains 
substantially all the risks and benefits of ownership 
of the leased item, are classified as operating 
leases. Operating lease payments are recognised 
as an expense in the statement of profit and loss 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
132

===== PAGE 122 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
on a straight-line basis over the lease term except 
where the increase in lease outgoings are in line 
with expected general inflation to compensate the 
lessor’s expected inflationary cost increases.
 (h) Employee benefits:
   Short term employee benefits:
   The employee benefits payable wholly within twelve 
months of rendering the service are classified as short 
term employee benefits. Benefits such as salaries, 
leave travel allowance, short term compensated 
absences etc. and the expected cost of bonus are 
recognised in the period in which the employee 
renders the related service.
   Long term employee benefits:
  (i) Defined Contribution Plans:
    The Firm has contributed to state governed 
provident fund scheme, employee’s state 
insurance scheme and employee pension 
scheme which are defined contribution plans. 
The contribution paid/ payable under the 
schemes is recognised during the period in 
which employee renders the related service.
  (ii) Defined Benefit Plans:
    Gratuity, which is a defined benefit plan, is 
accrued based on an independent actuarial 
valuation, which is done based on project unit 
credit method as at the balance sheet date. 
The Company recognizes the net obligation of 
a defined benefit plan in its balance sheet as 
an asset or liability. Gains and losses through 
re-measurements of the net defined benefit 
liability/ (asset) are recognized in other 
comprehensive income. In accordance with 
Ind AS, re-measurement gains and losses on 
defined benefit plans recognized in OCI are not 
to be subsequently reclassified to statement 
of profit and loss. As required under Ind AS 
compliant Schedule III, the Company recognizes 
re-measurement gains and losses on defined 
benefit plans (net of tax) to retained earnings.
    Accumulated leave, which is expected to be 
utilized within the next twelve months, is treated 
as short-term employee benefit. The Company 
measures the expected cost of such absences 
as the additional amount that it expects to pay 
as a result of the unused entitlement that has 
accumulated at the reporting date.
    The Company treats accumulated leave 
expected to be carried forward beyond twelve 
months, as long-term employee benefit for 
measurement purposes. Such long-term 
compensated absences are provided for 
based on the actuarial valuation using the 
projected unit credit method, made at the 
end of each financial year. Actuarial gains/
losses are immediately taken to the statement 
of profit and loss. The Company presents the 
accumulated leave liability as a current liability 
in the balance sheet, since it does not have an 
unconditional right to defer its settlement for 
twelve months after the reporting date.
  (i)  Retirement benefits
    Retirement benefit in the form of provident fund 
is a defined contribution scheme. The Company 
has no obligation, other than the contribution 
payable to the provident fund authorities. The 
contributions to the provident fund are charged 
to the statement of profit and loss for the year 
when the contributions are due.
    Gratuity, which is a defined benefit plan, is 
accrued based on an independent actuarial 
valuation, which is done based on projected 
unit credit method as at the balance sheet date. 
Gains and losses through re-measurements 
of the net defined benefit obligation are 
recognized in other comprehensive income 
and are not subsequently reclassified to profit 
or loss. The defined benefit scheme for gratuity 
is currently funded.
  (ii) Other employee benefits
    The undiscounted amount of short-term 
employee benefits expected to be paid 
in exchange for the services rendered by 
employees is recognised during the period 
when the employee renders the service. These 
benefits include compensated absences such 
as paid annual leave, overseas social security 
contributions and performance incentives.
 i) Revenue Recognition:
   The Company derives revenues primarily from IT 
related services. Effective April 01,2018, the Company 
has adopted Ind AS 115, "Revenue from Contracts 
with Customers". Revenue is recognized upon 
transfer of control of promised services to customers 
in an amount that refelects the considereation we 
expect to receive in for those services.
   Revenue on time-and-material contracts are 
recognized as the related services are performed 
and revenue from the end of the last invoicing 
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
133

===== PAGE 123 =====
to the reporting date is recognized as unbilled 
revenue. Revenue from fixed-price, fixed-timeframe 
contracts, where the performance obligations 
are satisfied over time and where there is no 
uncertainty as to measurement or collectability of 
consideration, is recognized as per the percentage-
of-completion method. When there is uncertainty as 
to measurement or ultimate collectability, revenue 
recognition is postponed until such uncertainty is 
resolved. Efforts or costs expended have been used 
to measure progress towards completion as there is 
a direct relationship between input and productivity.
     The Company recognised incentive from government 
in respect of Service Exports from India Scheme 
based on claim lodged by the Company.
     Interest Income:
     Interest is accounted as per effective interest method. 
Interest income is included under the head “other 
income” in the statement of profit and loss. Interest 
income on term deposits & others are recognised on 
accrual basis. Interest income on account of financial 
instruments measured at amortised cost if any, is 
recognised using effective interest rate method.
     Dividend Income:
     Dividend is recorded when the right to receive 
payment is established. Interest income is recognized 
on effective interest method taking into account the 
amount outstanding and the applicable interest rate. 
Interest income is included under the head “other 
income” in the statement of profit and loss.
 j) Taxation:
   Income tax expense comprises current tax expense 
and the net change in the deferred tax asset or 
liability during the year. Current and deferred tax 
are recognized in statement of profit or loss, except 
when they relate to items that are recognized in 
other comprehensive income or directly in equity, 
in which case, the current and deferred tax are 
also recognized in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity, respectively.
     Current income tax expense comprises taxes on 
income from operations in India and in foreign 
jurisdictions. Income tax payable in India is 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the 
Income Tax Act, 1961. Tax expense relating to foreign 
operations is determined in accordance with tax laws 
applicable in countries where such operations are 
domiciled. Minimum Alternative Tax (MAT) paid in 
accordance with the tax laws in India, which gives rise 
to future economic benefits in the form of adjustment 
of future income tax liability, is considered as an asset 
if there is convincing evidence that the Company will 
pay normal income tax in future years. Accordingly, 
MAT is recognised as an asset in the balance sheet 
when the asset can be measured reliably and it is 
probable that the future economic benefit associated 
with the assets will fructify.
     Deferred income tax is recognized on temporary 
differences at the balance sheet date between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amounts for financial reporting purposes, except 
when the deferred income tax arises from the initial 
recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a 
transaction that is not a business combination and 
affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss 
at the time of the transaction.
     Deferred income tax assets are recognized for all 
deductible temporary differences, carry forward of 
unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent 
that it is probable that taxable profit will be available 
against which the deductible temporary differences, 
and the carry forward of unused tax credits and 
unused tax losses can be utilized.
     The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is 
reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to 
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient 
taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of 
the deferred income tax asset to be utilized.
   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are 
measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply 
in the period when the asset is realized or the liability 
is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that 
have been enacted or substantively enacted at the 
balance sheet date.
 k) Foreign Currency Transactions:
   Functional Currency:
   The functional currency of the Company is the 
Indian rupee.
   Transactions and translations:
   Foreign currency transactions are recorded at 
exchange rates prevailing on the date of the 
transaction. Foreign currency denominated 
monetary assets and liabilities are restated into the 
functional currency using exchange rates prevailing 
on the balance sheet date. Gains and losses arising 
on settlement and restatement of foreign currency 
denominated monetary assets and liabilities are 
included in the statement of profit and loss.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
134

===== PAGE 124 =====
 l)  Provisions, Contingent liabilities and 
Contingent assets:
   A provision is recognized when an enterprise has a 
present obligation (legal or constructive) as result 
of past event and it is probable that an outflow of 
embodying economic benefits of resources will be 
required to settle a reliably assessable obligation. 
Provisions are determined based on best estimate 
required to settle each obligation at each balance 
sheet date. If the effect of the time value of money is 
material, provisions are discounted using a current 
pre-tax rate that reflects, when appropriate, the risks 
specific to the liability. When discounting is used, the 
increase in the provision due to the passage of time 
is recognised as a finance cost.
   Provisions for onerous contracts, i.e. contracts 
where the expected unavoidable costs of meeting 
obligations under a contract exceed the economic 
benefits expected to be received, are recognized 
when it is probable that an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits will be required to 
settle a present obligation as a result of an obligating 
event, based on a reliable estimate of such obligation.
   A contingent liability is a possible obligation that 
arises from past events whose existence will be 
confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
one or more uncertain future events beyond the 
control of the Company or a present obligation 
that is not recognized because it is not probable 
that an outflow of resources will be required to 
settle the obligation. A contingent liability also 
arises in extremely rare cases where there is a 
liability that cannot be recognized because it 
cannot be measured reliably. The Company does 
not recognize a contingent liability but discloses its 
existence in the financial statements. A contingent 
asset is never recognised but only disclosed in the 
financial statements.
 m) Segment reporting policies:
  (i) Identification of segments:
    Operating Segments are identified on the 
basis of internal reports about components 
of the group that are regularly reviewed by 
the chief operating decision maker (CODM) in 
order to allocate resources to the segments 
and to assess their performance in accordance 
with Ind AS 108, Operating Segments. Since 
CODM evaluates Company’s performance 
at a geographic segment level, operating 
segment information is accordingly given at 
geographic level.
  (ii)  Unallocated items
    Unallocated items include general corporate 
asset, liability, income and expense items which 
are not allocated to any business segment.
  (iii) Segment accounting policies
    the Firm prepares its segment information 
in conformity with the accounting policies 
adopted for preparing and presenting the 
financial statements of the Firm as a whole.
 n) Financial Instruments:
   Financial assets and liabilities are recognized when 
the Company becomes a party to the contractual 
provisions of the instrument. Financial assets 
and liabilities are initially measured at fair value. 
Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial 
liabilities (other than financial assets and financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added 
to or deducted from the fair value measured on initial 
recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
  i) Cash & Cash equivalents:
    The Company considers all highly liquid financial 
instruments, which are readily convertible 
into known amounts of cash that are subject 
to an insignificant risk of change in value and 
having original maturities of three months 
or less from the date of purchase, to be cash 
equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist 
of balances with banks which are unrestricted 
for withdrawal and usage.
  ii) Financial assets at amortized cost:
    Financial assets are subsequently measured at 
amortized cost if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is to hold 
these assets in order to collect contractual cash 
flows and the contractual terms of the financial 
asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
  iii)  Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income:
    Financial assets are measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income if these 
financial assets are held within a business 
whose objective is achieved by both collecting 
contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets and the contractual terms of the financial 
asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
135

===== PAGE 125 =====
  iv)  Financial assets at fair value through profit 
or loss:
    Financial assets are measured at fair value 
through profit or loss unless it is measured at 
amortized cost or at fair value through other 
comprehensive income on initial recognition. 
The transaction costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition of financial assets and liabilities at 
fair value through profit or loss are immediately 
recognized in statement of profit and loss.
  v)  Financial liabilities:
    Financial liabilities are subsequently carried 
at amortized cost using the effective interest 
method, except for contingent consideration 
recognized in a business combination which is 
subsequently measured at fair value through 
profit or loss. For trade and other payables 
maturing within one year from the balance 
sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate 
fair value due to the short maturity of 
these instruments.
  vi) De-recognition of financial instruments:
    The Company derecognizes a financial asset 
when the contractual rights to the cash flows 
from the financial asset expire or it transfers the 
financial asset and the transfer qualifies for de-
recognition under Ind AS 109. A financial liability 
(or a part of a financial liability) is derecognized 
when the obligation specified in the contract is 
discharged or cancelled or expires.
  vii) Fair value of financial instruments:
    In determining the fair value of its financial 
instruments, the Company uses following 
hierarchy and assumptions that are based on 
market conditions and risks existing at each 
reporting date.
    Fair value hierarchy:
    All assets and liabilities for which fair value 
is measured or disclosed in the financial 
statements are categorized within the fair value 
hierarchy, described as follows, based on the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole:
 y Level 1 — Quoted (unadjusted) market 
prices in active markets for identical assets 
or liabilities
 y Level 2 — Valuation techniques for which 
the lowest level input that is significant to 
the fair value measurement is directly or 
indirectly observable
 y Level 3 — Valuation techniques for which the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement is unobservable
    For assets and liabilities that are recognized in 
the financial statements on a recurring basis, 
the Company determines whether transfers 
have occurred between levels in the hierarchy 
by re-assessing categorization (based on the 
lowest level input that is significant to the fair 
value measurement as a whole) at the end of 
each reporting period.
  viii) Investments in subsidiary:
    Investments in subsidiary is carried at cost.
 o) Impairment:
  i)  Financial assets:
    The Company assesses at each date of balance 
sheet whether a financial asset or a group of 
financial assets is impaired. Ind AS 109 requires 
expected credit losses to be measured through 
a loss allowance. The Company recognises 
lifetime expected losses for all contract assets 
and / or all trade receivables that do not 
constitute a financing transaction. For all other 
financial assets, expected credit losses are 
measured at an amount equal to the 12-month 
expected credit losses or at an amount equal 
to the life time expected credit losses if the 
credit risk on the financial asset has increased 
significantly since initial recognition.
  ii)  Non-financial assets:
    Tangible and Intangible assets: PPE, intangible 
assets and investment property with finite life 
are evaluated for recoverability whenever there 
is any indication that their carrying amounts 
may not be recoverable. If any such indication 
exists, the recoverable amount (i.e. higher of the 
fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is 
determined on an individual asset basis unless 
the asset does not generate cash flows that 
are largely independent of those from other 
assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is 
determined for the cash generating unit (CGU) 
to which the asset belongs. If the recoverable 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
136

===== PAGE 126 =====
amount of an asset (or CGU) is estimated to 
be less than its carrying amount, the carrying 
amount of the asset (or CGU) is reduced to its 
recoverable amount. An impairment loss is 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 p) Cashflow Statement:
   Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, 
whereby profit for the period is adjusted for the 
effects of transactions of a non-cash nature, any 
deferrals or accruals of past or future operating cash 
receipts or payments and item of income or expenses 
associated with investing or financing cash flows. The 
cash flows from operating, investing and financing 
activities of the Company are segregated. The 
Company considers all highly liquid investments that 
are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to 
be cash equivalents.
 q) Capital Work in Progress:
   Costs of assets not ready for use at the balance sheet 
date are disclosed under capital work- in- progress. 
Capital work in progress comprises the cost of 
fixed assets under construction and not yet ready 
for their intended use. Capital work in progress is 
carried at cost, comprising direct cost, related 
incidental expenses.
   Expenditure directly relating to construction activity 
is capitalized. Indirect expenditure incurred during 
construction period is capitalized to the extent 
to which the expenditure is indirectly related to 
construction or is incidental thereto. Other indirect 
expenditure (including borrowing costs) incurred 
during the construction period which is neither 
related to the construction activity nor is incidental 
thereto is charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 r) Inventories:
   Cost is ascertained on a weighted average basis, is 
defined as being all expenditure, which has been 
incurred in bringing the product or service to its 
present location and condition or net realizable 
values whichever is lower. Net realizable value is 
the estimated selling price in the ordinary course 
of business, less estimated costs of completion and 
estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
 s) Expenditure:
   Expenses are accounted on the accrual basis and 
provisions are made for all known losses and liabilities.
 t) Borrowing costs:
   Borrowing costs consist of interest and other 
costs that an entity incurs in connection with the 
borrowing of funds.
   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition, construction or production of an asset 
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to 
get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized/
inventorised as part of the cost of the respective 
asset. All other borrowing costs are charged to 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 u) Earnings per share:
   Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing 
the net profit or loss for the period attributable 
to equity shareholders by the weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the 
period. Partly paid equity shares are treated as a 
fraction of an equity share to the extent that they 
are entitled to participate in dividends relative 
to a fully paid equity share during the reporting 
period. The weighted average number of equity 
shares outstanding during the period is adjusted 
for events such as bonus issue that have changed 
the number of equity shares outstanding, 
without a corresponding change in resources.  
For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per 
share, the net profit or loss for the period attributable 
to equity shareholders and the weighted average 
number of shares outstanding during the period 
are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive potential 
equity shares.
2.3  Significant accounting judgements, estimates 
and assumptions:
  The preparation of the Company’s financial statements 
requires management to make judgements, estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, 
expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying 
disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. 
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could 
result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to 
the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in 
future periods.
  a)  Judgements:
   In the process of applying the Company’s accounting 
policies, management has made the following 
judgements, which have the most significant effect on 
the amounts recognized in the financial statements:
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
137

===== PAGE 127 =====
 (b) Estimates and assumptions:
   The key assumptions concerning the future and 
other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the 
reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing 
a material adjustment to the carrying amounts 
of assets and liabilities within the next financial 
year, are described below. The Company based its 
assumptions and estimates on parameters available 
when the financial statements were prepared. 
Existing circumstances and assumptions about 
future developments, however, may change due to 
market changes or circumstances arising that are 
beyond the control of the Company. Such changes 
are reflected in the assumptions when they occur.
   Defined benefit plans - Gratuity
   The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan and 
other post-employment medical benefits and 
the present value of the gratuity obligation are 
determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial 
valuation involves making various assumptions that 
may differ from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount 
rate, future salary increases and mortality rates. Due 
to the complexities involved in the valuation and 
its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is 
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All 
assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.
   The parameter most subject to change is the discount 
rate. In determining the appropriate discount rate for 
plans operated in India, the management considers 
the interest rates of government bonds
   The mortality rate is based on publicly available 
mortality tables. Those mortality tables tend to 
change only at interval in response to demographic 
changes. Future salary increases are based on 
expected future inflation rates and expected salary 
increase thereon.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
138

===== PAGE 128 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
3.1 Property, Plant and Equipment:
Land 
(freehold) Building Plant and 
Equipment
Electrical 
fittings
Furniture & 
fixtures
Office 
Equipment Vehicles Generator Plant & 
Machinery
Right  
of Use Total
Cost
At April 1, 2023 20.51 16.98 197.50 5.06 17.54 8.25 8.48 0.56 - 196.80 471.68
Additions - - 27.91 0.59 0.54 2.32 - - - 53.99 85.35
Disposals - - - - - - - - - (6.30) (6.30)
Other Adjustments - - - - - - - - - - -
At March 31, 2024 20.51 16.98 225.41 5.65 18.08 10.57 8.48 0.56 - 244.49 550.73
Additions - - 38.66 12.83 1.86 8.01 1.98 - 220.56 - 283.90
Disposals - - (4.84) - (0.05) - - - (4.20) - (9.09)
Other Adjustments - - 1.00 - 0.14 0.04 0.08 - - - 1.10
At March 31, 2025 20.51 16.98 260.23 18.48 20.03 18.62 10.38 0.56 216.36 244.49 826.64
Depreciation/Amortisation
At April 1, 2023 - 3.26 43.74 2.51 11.26 5.22 4.16 0.56 - 88.25 158.96
Charge for the year - 0.27 43.64 1.07 0.67 1.60 0.98 - - 46.90 95.13
Disposals - - - - - - - - - (2.78) (2.78)
Other Adjustment - - - - - - - - - - -
At March 31, 2024 - 3.53 87.38 3.58 11.93 6.82 5.14 0.56 - 132.37 251.31
Charge for the year - 0.27 38.62 1.45 0.66 1.55 1.08 - 2.49 36.68 82.79
Disposals - - (0.69) - (0.01) - - - (0.03) - (0.73)
Other Adjustment - - 0.08 - (0.04) 0.01 - - - - 0.05
At March 31, 2025 - 3.80 125.38 5.03 12.54 8.38 6.22 0.56 2.46 169.05 333.42
Net Block
At March 31, 2024 20.51 13.45 138.03 2.07 6.15 3.75 3.34 - - 112.12 299.42
At March 31, 2025 20.51 13.18 134.84 13.45 7.49 10.24 4.16 - 213.90 75.44 493.23
  Additional Information:
  1 The Company has not revalued any of its property, Plant and Equipment.
  2 The Company is in the possession of all title deeds of immovable properties
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
139

===== PAGE 129 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
3.2 Intangibles:
Particulars Goodwill Intellectual 
Property Rights Software Product 
Development Total
Cost
At April 1, 2023 34.66 91.04 49.67 31.06 206.43
Additions 4.50 2.75 7.25
Disposals -
Other Adjustments -
At March 31, 2024 34.66 91.04 54.17 33.81 213.68
Additions 0.96 - 0.96
Disposals -
Other Adjustments -
At March 31, 2025 34.66 91.04 55.13 33.81 214.64
Depreciation/Amortisation
At April 1, 2023 14.31 15.10 6.77 3.72 39.90
Charge for the year - 2.50 5.18 9.94 17.62
Disposals - - - - -
Other Adjustment - - - - -
At March 31, 2024 14.31 17.60 11.95 13.66 57.52
Charge for the year - 2.50 4.85 9.95 17.30
Disposals - - - - -
Other Adjustment - 0.03 - - 0.03
At March 31, 2025 14.31 20.13 16.80 23.61 74.85
Net Block
At March 31, 2024 20.35 73.44 42.22 20.15 156.16
At March 31, 2025 20.35 70.91 38.33 10.20 139.79
Note: The Company has not revalued any of its intangible assets
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
140

===== PAGE 130 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
4 Non Current Financial Assets:
4(i) Details of Investments
Name of the Company
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No of 
Shares
K In  
million
No of 
Shares
K In  
million
i) Non Current Investments:
  Investments In Equity Instruments
  A) Investments in equity instruments:
  - Unquoted carried at cost
  ASM HHV Limited 10,50,001 2.86 6,50,001 0.90
  B)  Investments in fair value through profit & loss
     Investments in compulsory convertible preference shares 
(Unquoted)
     Lavelle Networks Private Limited of I10 each 6,873 64.25 6,873 71.98
     Investments in Equity shares (Unquoted)
     Baro Vehicles Limited, UK (GBP 0.0001) each 13,346 - 13,346 -
     Bhuma Inc ($0.64) each 93,750 - 93,750 3.33
     Investments in a partnership firm
     Interoperable Security LLC, USA (Previously known as Poly 
Logyx LLC)
12.65 12.65
  C)  Investments in fair value through Other Comprehensive 
Income
     - In Venture Capital Fund
  i)  Ideaspring Capital Future Now 87.36 72.51
167.12 161.37
  Additional Information:
  i) Aggregate amount of unquoted investments 167.12 161.37
ii) Categorywise Non current investment:
  Financial assets carried at amortised cost 2.86 0.90
  Financial assets measured at fair value through Profit & Loss 76.90 87.96
  Financial assets measured at fair value through Other 
Comprehensive Income
87.36 72.51
  Total non current investment 167.12 161.37
  Additional Information:
  Details of investment made in the capital of partnership firm:
  Name of the Firm: Interopearble Security LLC (Previously known as PolyLogyx LLC)
Name of the Partner
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Partner's 
Capital in $
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
Partner's 
Capital in $
Profit Sharing 
Ratio (%)
ASM Technologies Limited (the Company) 40,908.00 4.09% 1,12,841.00 5.03%
Sridhar Jayanthi 4,77,332.00 47.73% 53,855.00 58.69%
Atul Kabra 3,56,514.00 35.65% - 33.07%
Preet Mohinder 86,760.00 8.68% - 0.00%
Moulik Mehta 12,354.00 1.24% - 0.00%
Bhagyajyothi P Makam 7,466 0.75% 21,119 0.91%
Rajesh Ambareesh Rajah 9,333 0.93% 26,397 1.15%
Kailashnath Dornadula 9,333 0.93% 26,397 1.15%
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
141

===== PAGE 131 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
4(ii) Loans (Unsecured and considered good)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Security Deposits 31.87 23.19
Inter corporate deposit - 50.00
Total 31.87 73.19
5 Deferred Tax
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i) Deferred tax liability:
a) On account of depreciation on fixed assets 26.65 33.37
b) On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure - -
c) On account of timing diffferences in recognition of value of investment 10.38 4.14
Total 37.03 37.51
ii) Deferred tax asset:
  a)  On account of depreciation on fixed assets - -
  b)  On account of timing differences in recognition of expenditure 39.84 53.22
  c)  On account of timing differences on Impact on Unabsorbed depreciation & 
brought forward losses
118.81 111.24
Total 158.65 164.46
Net Deferred tax (liability)/asset 121.62 126.95
6 Other Non Current Assets
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Disputed taxes paid 7.30 6.96
Advance payment of tax (net of provision) 1.71 82.80
Security deposits 0.44 0.44
Deferred Rent- Ind AS 1.27 1.73
Total 10.72 91.93
7 Inventories:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Raw Materials 79.27 5.66
Work in progress 77.91 39.64
Finished Goods 31.20 -
Total 188.38 45.30
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
142

===== PAGE 132 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
8 Financial Assets:
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
No of Units K In million No of Units K In million
i)  Investment - fair value through statement of Profit & 
Loss
  Investments in Mutual Funds:
 i)    SBI Short Term Debt Fund 15,18,362 47.65 15,18,362 44.12
 ii)   SBI Corporate Bond Fund 50,19,196 76.07 50,19,196 70.28
 iii)   ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund 9,670 0.11 9,094 0.10
  Total 123.83 114.50
Aggregate Carrying value of quoted Investments 123.83 114.50
Aggregate Market value of quoted Investments 123.83 114.50
  Current Assets
8 Financial Assets
  ii)  Trade Receivables
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
- Trade receivables 913.56 287.82
- Unbilled Revenue 382.98 233.36
1,296.54 521.18
Less: Allowance for bad & doubtful trade receivables (5.06) (4.26)
1,291.48 516.92
- Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule:
a)  Un disputed Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment 
(undisputed)
  Less than 6 Months 757.76 203.48
  6 Months - 1 Year 66.42 31.78
  1 - 2 Years 58.98 45.05
  2 - 3 Years 28.52 0.75
  More than 3 Years 1.88 6.45
Total (a) 913.56 287.51
b)  Disputed Trade receivables outstanding for the following periods from due 
date of payment
  Less than 6 Months - -
  6 Months - 1 Year - -
  1 - 2 Years - -
  2 - 3 Years - -
  More than 3 Years - 0.31
Total (b) - 0.31
c) Unbilled Revenue: 382.98 233.36
Total (c) 382.98 233.36
Total (a+b+c) 1,296.54 521.18
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
143

===== PAGE 133 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
8 Financial Assets (Current Assets)
iii) Cash and Bank Balance
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
a) Cash and cash equivalents:-
  i) Balance with Banks
     - On current accounts 22.75 22.01
     - Cash on hand 0.01 -
     - Cheque on hand - -
22.76 22.01
ii) Other Bank Balances
  - In Unpaid Dividends 9.76 7.94
  - in Current account$ 36.28 668.66
  - in deposit whose maturity is more than 3 months* 62.84 31.35
108.88 707.95
Total 131.64 729.96
  Bank balance includes:
  Held as margin money/security against borrowings/guarantees/other commitments.
$ Amount received towards issue of shares & warrants and not utilised is kept by the Company in a separate bank account
* Deposit of I15 million has been given secuity for the overdraft facility availed by subsidiary RV Forms and Gears LLP.
  iv) Loans (Unsecured, considered good)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Security Deposit 0.28 2.85
Total 0.28 2.85
  v) Other Financial Assets
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Interest receivable on deposits 1.82 1.54
Total 1.82 1.54
9 Other current assets
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
(i) Advances other than capital advances
  (a) Security deposits - 0.44
  (b) Advance to supplier 6.51 7.13
  Less: Provision for doubtful advances (0.07) -
6.44 7.57
  - Advance to Employee 9.41 4.32
(ii) Others
  Prepaid expenses 24.71 19.74
  Other current Assets 1.98 5.06
  Total 42.54 36.69
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
144

===== PAGE 134 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
10 Equity Share Capital (refer statement of changes in equity)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Authorised
1,50,00,000 Equity shares of I10 each 150.00 150.00
Issued and Subscribed:
1,19,02,855 (As at March 31, 2024: 1,18,00,000) equity shares of I10 each 119.03 118.00
Paid up Capital:
1,18,77,063(As at March 31, 2024: 117,74,208) equity shares of I10 each fully paid up 118.77 117.74
Total issued, subscribed and fully paid-up share capital 118.77 117.74
(a) Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares
  The company has only one class of equity shares having par value of I 10 per share. Each holder of equity is entitled to one 
vote per share.
(b) Reconciliation of the shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
Equity shares
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Nos. K In million Nos. K In million
At the beginning of the year 1,17,74,208 117.74 1,10,00,000 103.00
Add:-Amount received on partly paid shares  
of right issue
- - - 6.82
Less: Forfieture of Shares - - 25,792 0.08
Add:-Issued during the year 1,02,855 1.03 8,00,000 8.00
Outstanding at the end of the year 1,18,77,063 118.77 1,17,74,208 117.74
(c) Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company*
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
 Nos. % holding  
in class  Nos. % holding  
in class
S Rabindra 48,02,425 40.43% 46,99,570 39.91%
Kannan Sundar 10,04,120 8.45% 10,05,000 8.54%
R Preeti 8,50,082 7.16% 8,50,082 7.22%
Mukul Mahavir Agrawal 7,62,500 6.42% 7,62,500 6.48%
IDS Systems LLP - 0.00% 6,02,180 5.11%
(d) Shareholding of Promoters:
 The details of the shares held by promoters as at March 31, 2025 are as under:
Promoter Name No of fully paid 
up shares
No of partly paid 
up Shares
% of share 
holding
% of change 
during the year
S Rabindra 48,02,425 - 40.43%
1.07%
R Preeti 8,50,082 - 7.16%
Akhil R 3,00,693 - 2.53%
Nikhil R 3,00,693 - 2.53%
IDS Systems LLP 5,71,466 - 4.81%
  The details of the shares held by promoters as at March 31, 2024 are as under:
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
145

===== PAGE 135 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Promoter Name No of fully paid 
up shares
No of partly paid 
up Shares
% of share 
holding
% of change 
during the year
S Rabindra 46,99,570 - 39.91%
-2.0%
R Preeti 8,50,082 - 7.22%
Akhil R 3,00,693 - 2.55%
Nikhil R 3,00,693 - 2.55%
IDS Systems LLP 6,02,180 - 5.11%
(e)  During the year 2021 - 22 the Company had a Rights issue of equity shares to its shareholders at 1:10 ratio on March 28, 2022 
and closed on April 6, 2022 at a premium of I105/- per share on a call basis which is payable on application I35 per share and 
First & Final call of I80 per share. During the financial year 2023-24 the Company has received the first and final call amount 
of I80/- per share which was received on 9,74,208 shares and balance shares of 25,792 has been forfieted by the Company.
(f)  Bonus shares issued in last five year 50,00,000 shares of I 10/- each
(g)  During the financial year 23-24 the Company has issued 8,00,000 equity shares of I 10/- each at a premium of I 460.50 and 
28,14,390 share warrants at the price of I470.50 per warrant which will be convertible into 1 equity share of I10/- each at any 
time on or before expiry of 18 months from the date of allotment of the warrants.
(h)  Proceeds and utilisation from issue of shares on rights basis:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Proceeds received from issue - 77.94
Less: Issue expenses - 0.42
Amount used for working capital purposes - 77.52
(i) Proceeds and utilisation from issue of shares & warrants on preferential basis:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Proceeds received from issue 744.93 708.65
Less: Amount utilised for organic and inorganic growth 455.90 -
Less: utilised for general corporate purposes 252.75 40.00
Amount held in separate bank account 36.28 668.65
  During the year the Company has allotted 102,855 equity shares to managing director pending corporate action
11 Other Equity
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i) Capital reserve
  Opening balance 2.14 2.67
  Add:- Addition during year - 0.08
  Less:- Utilized during year (0.20) (0.61)
  Closing at end of year 1.94 2.14
ii) Security Premium reserve
  Opening Balance 395.76 28.85
  Add:-addition during year 47.39 454.67
  Less:- Utilized during year 25.30 87.75
  Closing at the end of the year 417.85 395.77
iii) General Reserve
  Opening balance 93.00 93.00
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
146

===== PAGE 136 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
  Add:- Addition during year - -
  Less:- Utilized during year - -
  Closing at end of year 93.00 93.00
vi) Money Received against share warrants
  Opening balance 332.10
  Add:- Addition during year 36.27 332.10
  Less:- issue of equity shares 48.41
  Closing at end of year 319.96 332.10
iv) Other Comprehensive Income
  a) Foreign currency translation reserve
     Opening balance 22.97 (49.11)
     Add:- Addition during year (6.24) 72.08
     Closing at end of year 16.73 22.97
  b) Others
     Opening balance 22.64 22.90
     Add:- Addition during year (7.24) (0.26)
     Closing at end of year 15.40 22.64
v) Retained Earning
  Opening balance 428.96 516.02
  Add:- Addition during year 262.19 (43.06)
691.15 472.96
  Less:- Appropriations
  Interim dividend on equity shares 11.77 -
  Final dividend on equity shares 11.77 44.00
23.54 44.00
Total 667.61 428.96
Grand Total 1,532.49 1,297.58
Non current liabilities and provisions:-
12 Financial liabilities:-
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Bororrowings:-
Secured
From Banks  237.70  171.22 
From Financial Institutions  22.73  163.70 
Unsecured
From Banks  3.23  21.65 
From Financial Institutions  1.55  7.06 
Less: Current Maturities
From Banks (166.04)  (48.55)
From others  (41.29)  (41.29)
Total  97.62  273.79 
Additional Information:-
1) Details Of Security for secured loan:-
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
147

===== PAGE 137 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
  From Bank:-
  Term Loan from ICICI Bank is secured against charge created on the Land and 
Building situated at No 80/2, Lusanne Court, Wellington street, Bangalore,560025 
and the facility is guaranteed by Mr. Rabindra Srikantan (Managing Director) of the 
Company.
86.17 171.22
  Term Loans carries an interest rate of Repo rate + 2.85% and principal is repayable 
in 36 equal installments
  Term Loan from SIDBI secured against hypothecation of movable PPPE and fixed 
deposit amounting to I23.50 million with the said bank. It is guranteed by the Mr. 
Rabindra Srikantan and carries an interest of 9.10% currently which is linked to one 
year MCLR of SIDBI
151.53 -
  Loans from financial institutions represent 90 Redeemable, secured, unlisted, 
unrated and transferrable non convertible debentures redeemable at the end  
of 13 months from the date of issue and carry an interest of 16% per annuam 
payable on a quarterly basis. These debentures are covered by personal guarantee 
of Mr. Rabindra Srikantan and Corporate guarantee of the Company
- 91.64
  Loan from financial institution carries is repayable in 52 monthly instalments 
excluding 8 months moratorium period and carries an interst of 12.50% p.a., and 
is guranteed by personal guarantee of Mr. Rabindra Srikantan and corporate 
guarantee of the Company.
22.73 72.06
  Unsecured Loans:
  From Kotak Mahindra Bank is repayable in 24 equated monthly instalments of 
I0.48 million per month and it carries an interest of 14.60% per annum
3.23 21.65
  From Tata Capital is repayable in 18 months of I0.56 million and carries an interest 
of 14.50% per annum
1.55 7.06
  The Company has used the loan for the purpose for which it was borrowed.
13 Lease Liabilities
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Lease Liability 53.67 96.46
Total 53.67 96.46
14 Provisions
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Provision for Gratuity 64.01 26.56
Provision Leave Encashment - -
Total 64.01 26.56
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
148

===== PAGE 138 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Current liabilities and provisions:-
15 Financial liabilities:-
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i) Borrowings
  Secured loans:
  Loans repayable on demand
  - from banks 499.80 326.26
  Current maturities of the long term borrowings 167.59 89.84
  Total 667.39 416.10
a  Details of security for secured loans from banks:
  i)  Hypothecation charge on Receivables and other current assets of the company, 
further lien on SBI mutual Fund scheme "SBI Corporate bond fund -regular plan 
growth " and SBI mutual fund scheme "SBI short term debt fund regular plan 
growth and secured by personal guarantee of Managing Director.
499.80 326.26
  ii)  Lien on fixed deposits of the Company and charge on SBI mutual Fund scheme 
"SBI Corporate bond fund -regular plan growth " and on SBI mutual fund 
scheme "SBI short term debt fund regular plan growth and secured by personal 
guarantee of Managing Director.
b  Interest rate:
  I  Secured loans from banks:
  i)  Cash credit facility from state Bank of India repayable on demand and carries 
an interest rate of MCLR + 2%
ii) Lease Liabilities
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Lease Liabilities  43.90  37.78 
Total  43.90  37.78 
iii) Trade Payables:-
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Trade payables
- Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises (refer note-31) 2.13 5.80
- Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises 170.43 49.47
Total 172.56 55.27
  Trade Payables Ageing Schedule:
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
MSME Others MSME Others
(a)  O/s for the following periods from due date 
of payment
  Less than 1 Year 2.13 170.42 5.66 28.24
  1 - 2 Years - - - 20.29
  2 - 3 Years - 0.01 0.14 0.83
  More than 3 Years - - - 0.11
  Total 2.13 170.43 5.80 49.47
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
149

===== PAGE 139 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
iv) Other Financial Liability
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i)  Interest Accrued but not due 0.26 0.55
ii)  unclaimed dividend 8.46 7.84
Total 8.72 8.39
16 (i) Other Current liabilities
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i)  Statutory dues 42.64 46.50
ii)  Employee Benefit Expenses 15.90 15.79
iii)  Advances from Customers - 6.41
iv)  Other liabilities 30.20 16.61
Total 88.74 85.31
16 (ii) Provisions 
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
i)  Gratuity - 14.83
ii)  Leave Encashment 18.73 15.62
Total 18.73 30.45
17 Revenue from operations
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Sale of services 2,108.48 1,823.95
Sale of goods 779.62 192.53
Total 2,888.10 2,016.48
17.1 Disaggregated Revenue Information:
  Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company’s revenue from contracts with customers by timing of transfer of services:
Revenue from contracts with customers Current Year Previous Year
Geographical location
- Sale of services
- In India 1,498.20 1,049.96
- Outside India 610.28 774.00
- Sale of goods
- In India 677.94 82.17
- Outside India 101.68 110.36
2,888.10 2,016.49
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
150

===== PAGE 140 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
17.2 Contract balances:
Current Year Previous Year
Contract assets:
Trade Receivables 908.50 283.56
Unbilled Revenue 382.98 233.36
1,291.48 516.92
Contract liabilities
Advance from customers - 6.41
  Trade receivables are generally on credit terms as agreed with respective customers.
  Unbilled revenue is recognised on completion of performance obligation pending generation of Invoice.
18 Other income
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Interest on bank deposits 42.75 10.19
b) Dividend income 0.08 0.01
c) Gain or loss on mutual fund 9.33 8.00
d) Miscellenous income (includes export incentives) 4.72 22.27
e) Exchange fluctuation gain 12.61 2.15
f ) Excess Provision Written back 18.62 5.75
Total 88.11 48.37
19 Cost of raw materials, components and stores consumed
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Consumption of raw materials 596.65 242.30
Total 596.65 242.30
20 (Increase)/ Decrease in inventories
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Inventories at the end of the year 188.38 45.29
Total 188.38 45.29
Inventories at the beginning of the year 45.29 32.20
Total 45.29 32.20
(Increase)/ Decrease during the year (143.09) (13.09)
21 Employee Benefit Expenses
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Salaries and wages 1,411.45 1,283.27
b) Contribution to:
  - Provident fund 66.30 64.65
  - ESI 0.16 0.16
c) Gratuity (refer note 26) 17.11 12.59
d) Leave Encashment 5.35 7.07
d) Staff welfare expenses 25.44 23.29
Total 1,525.81 1,391.03
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
151

===== PAGE 141 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
22 Finance Cost
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a) Interest on bank borrowing 111.62 96.87
b) Other interest 5.97 2.42
Total 117.59 99.29
23 Depreciation and amortization expense
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a Depreciation on PPE 34.42 49.11
b) Amortisation of ROU 46.90 46.90
c) Amortisation of Intagible assets 17.62 17.62
d) Depreciation withdrawn on government grant (0.20) (0.20)
Total 98.74 113.43
24 Other Expenses
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
a)  Travelling and conveyance expenses 74.56 62.70
b)  Services rendered by business associates and others 10.38 10.39
c)  Software, hardware and material costs 14.44 18.35
d)  Communication expenses 30.99 13.57
e)  Payment to Auditor 4.01 3.32
f )  Legal and Professional fees 138.08 58.62
g)  Sitting fees & Commision paid to directors 1.48 4.91
h)  Rent 39.23 26.22
i)  Repair and Maintenance 13.09 13.84
j)  Allowance for bad debt  19.88  16.59 
k)  Electricity Expenses 19.88 16.59
l)  Advertisement and Business Promotions 8.63 14.13
m)  Insurance charges 12.54 19.28
n)  Membership & subscription 16.27 11.18
o)  Office Maintenance 26.24 27.99
p)  Printing & stationary 2.18 1.61
q)  Rates & Taxes 6.52 4.52
r)  CSR Expenses 4.34 4.59
s)  Miscellenous Expenses 5.21 4.02
t)  Loss on sale of PPE 1.46 -
u)  Trade receivables written off 6.21 20.06
Total 435.74 335.89
  Payments to Statutory Auditors
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Audit fee 3.27 2.61
Tax audit fee (other than Statutory Auditors) 0.74 0.71
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
152

===== PAGE 142 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
25 Earning per Share
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
Profit/(Loss) for the year 250.63 (71.50)
Weighted average number of Equity shares for Basic EPS 1,17,75,053 1,07,15,340
Weighted average number of shares of share warrants 27,11,535 84,585
Weighted average number of Equity shares for dilutive EPS 1,44,86,588 1,07,99,925
Earning per share basic (in I) 21.28 (6.62)
Earning per share diluted (in I) 17.30 (6.62)
Face value per equity share (in I) 10.00 10.00
26 (i) Gratuity and other post-employment benefits
  The Company has a defined benefit gratuity plan. The gratuity plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Every 
employee who has completed five years or more of service is entitled to gratuity of 15 days salary (last drawn salary) for each 
completed year of service. The scheme is funded.
  The following tables summarize the components of net benefit expense recognized in the statement of profit and loss and 
amounts recognized in the balance sheet for the gratuity plan:
  Statement of Profit and Loss
  Net employee benefit expenses recognised in the employee cost:
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2025 I 
in Millions 
As at 
March 31, 2024 I 
in Millions 
Current service cost 13.97 11.60
Interest cost 3.14 2.38
Net benefit expense 17.11 13.98
  Changes in the fair value of defined benefit obligation are as follows:
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2025 I 
in Millions 
As at 
March 31, 2024 I 
in Millions 
Opening defined benefit obligation 66.15 44.32
Current service cost 13.97 11.60
Past service cost - 11.56
Interest cost 4.67 4.08
Liability transferred out/divestments - -
Benefits paid directly by employer (1.02) -
Benefits paid directly from fund (6.84) (2.64)
Remeasurements
Actuarial loss/(gain) from changes in demographic assumptions - -
Actuarial loss/(gain) from changes in financial assumptions 1.78 0.48
Actuarial loss/(gain) from experience over the past period 2.25 (3.25)
Closing defined benefit obligation 80.96 66.15
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
153

===== PAGE 143 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  Changes in the fair value of assets are as follows:
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2025 K 
in Millions 
As at 
March 31, 2024 K 
in Millions 
Fair value as at the beginning of the year 22.32 23.52
Interest Income 1.53 1.70
Expected return on plan assets (0.55) (0.26)
Actuarial gains - -
Contributions 0.40 -
Benefits paid from fund (6.84) (2.64)
Closing fair value of asset 16.86 22.32
  The amounts recognized in the Balance Sheet are as follows:
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2025 K 
in Millions
As at 
March 31, 2024 K 
in Millions
Present value of the obligation as at the end of the year 80.96 66.15
Fair value of plan assets as at the end of the year (16.86) (22.32)
Net liability/ (asset) recognized in the Balance Sheet 64.10 43.83
  The principal assumptions used in determining gratuity obligations for the Company’s plan are  
shown below:
Particulars
As at 
March 31, 2025 K 
in Millions
As at 
March 31, 2024 K 
in Millions
Discount rate 6.54% 7.16%
Employee turnover 25.00% 25.00%
Salary escalation rate 8.50% 8.50%
Mortality Rate During Employment Indian Assured Lives Mortality 
(2012-14)
  The estimates of future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take account of inflation, seniority, promotion and 
other relevant factors, such as supply and demand in the employment market is for the holding company.
  Sensitivity Analysis of significant actuarial assumptions
Particulars
Change in DBO by
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Discount rate Increases 1% (3.25) (2.52)
Decreases 1% 3.59 2.79
Employee turnover Increases 1% (0.82) (0.59)
Decreases 1% 0.85 0.61
Salary escalation rate Increases 1% 3.34 2.61
Decreases 1% (3.11) (2.42)
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
154

===== PAGE 144 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  Description of funding arrangements and funding policy that affect future contributions
  The plan is funded and the status is unlikely to change over the next few years.
  Maturity profile
Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of Reporting As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
1st following year 12.24 12.07
2nd following year 11.64 10.52
3rd following year 12.75 8.76
4th following year 11.40 9.51
5th following year 10.08 8.00
Sum of years 6 to 10 29.99 23.81
Sum of 11 years and above 26.89 23.12
  Defined contribution plan
  The Company also has defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund in India for employees at the 
rate of 12% of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by the 
government. The obligation of the Company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor any 
constructive obligation. The expense recognised during the period towards defined contribution plan is I 66.30 million 
(Previous Year: I64.65 million)
Other Information As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Weighted average duration of the projected benefit obligation 5 5
Average expected future service 3 3
(ii) Leave encashment:-
  An actuarial valuation of leave benefits is carried out by an independent actuary. Based on that, the Company is carrying a 
liability of I18.73 millions (As at March 31, 2024: I15.63 millions).
  The principal assumptions used in determining post-employment benefit obligations for the company’s plans are shown below:
Particulars
In the books of R V 
Forms & Gears LLP
As at  
March 31, 2025
In the books of R V 
Forms & Gears LLP
As at  
March 31, 2024
Salary Escalation rate 7.00% 7.00%
Discount rate 6.83% 7.22%
Attrition rate 5.00% 5.00%
27 Leases
(i) The following is the movement of lease liabilities during the year ended March 31, 2025
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year 134.24 131.13
On account of implementation of Ind AS 116 - 52.27
Finance cost accrued during the year 13.25 17.16
Payment of lease liabilities 59.39 71.06
Lease modifications - (4.74)
Balance at the end of the year 88.10 134.24
  The Company does not face a liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient to meet the 
obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
155

===== PAGE 145 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
(ii)  Details regarding the contractural maturities of lease liabilities as at March 31, 2025 on undiscounted 
basis:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Less than one year 48.64 49.44
One to five years 65.28 113.92
More than five years - -
Total 113.92 163.36
28 Corporate Social Responsibility:
  As per Section 135 of the Act, a company, meeting the applicability threshold, needs to spend at least 2% of its average 
net profit for the immediately preceding three financial years on corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities. The areas 
for CSR activities are eradication of hunger and malnutrition, promoting education, art and culture, promote rural and 
nationally recognised sports, healthcare, destitute care and rehabilitation, environment sustainability, disaster relief and 
rural development projects. A CSR committee has been formed by the Company as per the Act. The funds were primarily 
allocated to a corpus and utilized through the year on these activities which are specified in Schedule VII of the Act.
Current Year
K In millions
Previous Year
K In millions
(a) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year 2.51 3.44
(b) Excess/ (short) spent in previous year 1.30 0.15
(c) Amount required to be spent during the year 1.21 3.29
(d) Amount spent during the year 3.03 4.59
(e) (Excess)/lower amount spent (c) - (d) (1.82) (1.30)
29 Related Party disclosures
i) Names of related parties and related party relationship
Name of entity Relationship
ASM HHV Engineering Private Limited Jointly Controlled Entity
IDS Systems LLP Company in which directors are interested
RPM Financial Services Entity in which KMP are interested
Rabindra Srikantan Directors
M R Vikram
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Shekar Viswanathan
Preeti Rabindra
M Lakshminarayan
Narsingh Rathod Key Managerial Personnel ("KMP")
Pramod G Rao
Vanishree Kulkarni
Srinivasa Murthy Seshadri
Sundar Ramanathan
Ravishankar Reddy
Reji Varghese
Susan Varghese
Akhil Rabindra Relatives of Director
Nikhil Rabindra
Nirmala N Rathod Relative of KMP
Annu Varghese
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
156

===== PAGE 146 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
ii) Related party transactions
  The following table provides the closing balances of related parties as at the relevant financial year-end:
Particulars Current Year Previous Year
ASM HHV Engineering Private Limited
- capital invested during the year 4.00 3.00
Salary advance paid and recovered during the year
Rabindra Srikantan 111.67 59.90
Issue/ amount received towards share warrants:
- Rabindra Srikantan 36.27 207.84
- Preeti R - 118.00
Issue of share capital:
- Rabindra Srikantan 48.41 -
IDS Systems LLP
Inter Company Deposit (received)/Paid (50.00) 50.00
  Outstanding as at the end of the year:
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Investment in related parties
ASM HHV Engineering Private Limited 2.86 0.90
Amount due to Company
IDS Systems LLP - 56.45
  Related party transactions with KMP
Key Managerial Personnel: Relationship Nature of transaction Current Year Previous Year
M R Vikram Chairman Sitting fees & reimbursement 
of expenses
2.84 3.31
Rabindra Srikantan Managing Director Remuneration 40.49 15.47
Ramesh Radhakrishnan Director Sitting fees & Comission 0.31 1.75
Shekar Viswanathan Director Sitting fees & Comission 0.26 1.79
M Lakshminarayan Director Sitting fees & Comission 0.29 2.29
Preeti R Director Sitting fees & Comission 0.41 1.77
Nikhil Rabindra Relative of Director Remuneration 10.98 10.76
Akhil Rabindra Relative of Director Remuneration 8.35 3.93
Narsingh Rathod Chief Financial Officer Remuneration 2.89 0.25
Nirmala N Rathod Relative of KMP Professional Charges - 1.17
Vanishree Kulkarni Company Secretary Remuneration 2.20 3.05
N Krishnan KMP Remuneration 0.98 9.63
Srinivasa Murthy Seshadri KMP Remuneration 7.15 6.91
Pramod G Rao KMP Remuneration 9.90 8.81
Sundar Ramanathan KMP Remuneration 12.88 10.36
Ravishankar Reddy KMP Remuneration 6.10 7.05
Reji varghese KMP Professional charges 1.91 2.34
Reji varghese KMP Rent paid 6.56 6.29
Annu varghese KMP Professional Charges - 0.89
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
157

===== PAGE 147 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Key Managerial Personnel: Relationship Nature of transaction Current Year Previous Year
Amount due to Company:
N Rathod KMP Salary Advance 0.35 -
N Rathod KMP Remuneration 0.02 -
Rabindra Srikantan Managing Director Salary Advance 2.57 1.83
  Compensation of key managerial personnel
  *The remuneration to the key managerial personnel does not include the provisions made the gratuity and leave benefits, 
as they are determined on an actuarial basis for the Company as a whole.
  Terms and conditions of transactions with related parties
  The sales of services to and purchases from related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s 
length transactions.
30 Capital and other commitments
  Company has committed to contribute H 80 Million to a venture capital fund out of which H 63 Million has been paid so far. 
Amount of such capital commitment outstanding as at March 31, 2025 is H17.50 million (As at March 31, 2024: H30 million)
31 Contingent Liabilities
Particulars Current Year
K In millions
Previous Year
K In millions
Service tax claim(company filed appeal against the order) 41.85 41.85
Showcause notice received from service tax authorities 182.28 182.28
Income tax under appeal of which the Company has paid an amount of I22.73 million 
under protest
- 2.99
Income tax deducted at source demand under the traces software for short and non 
remittances of tax deduction at source – matter under examination.
- -
Bills discounted with Receivables exchange of India Ltd - 3.43
32 MSME Disclosure
a)  Disclosure required under clause 22 of Micro, Small and Medium Entreprise Development Act, 2006
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
The principal amount and the interest due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier 
as at the end of each accounting year
2.13 5.80
- Principal amount due to micro and small enterprises 2.13 5.80
- Interest due on above 0.12 -
The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 
2006 along with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the 
appointed day during each accounting year.
- -
The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment 
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without 
adding the interest specified under the MSMED Act, 2006.
- -
Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment during  
the year.
0.12 -
The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end of each accounting 
year.
0.12 -
The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
years, until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small 
enterprise for the purpose of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section 
23 of the MSMED Act, 2006.
- -
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
158

===== PAGE 148 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
33 Segment reporting
  The Company belives that assets and liabilities used in the business are not identified to any of the reportable segments, as 
these are used interchangeably between segments. Accordingly the same has not been provided
  For the period ended March 31, 2025
Particulars
Current Year
Manufacturing Other than Manufacturing
Exports Domestic Exports Domestic
Segment Revenue 101.68 677.94 610.28 1,498.20
Segment Expenses 61.01 586.42 402.20 1,031.59
Segment Results 40.67 91.52 208.08 466.61
  For the period ended March 31, 2024
Particulars
Previous Year
Manufacturing Other than Manufacturing
Exports Domestic Exports Domestic
Segment Revenue 110.36 82.17 773.99 1,049.96
Segment Expenses 65.12 51.92 470.60 743.89
Segment Results 45.24 30.25 303.39 306.07
  Significant Clients
  The Company’s 39.4% of revenue is derived from two customers (Previous year: 42.4% of revenue from one customers).
  Product-wise Information
  Company provides single service and hence no product-wise information is necessary to be given.
34 Financial ratios
a. Ratio   Current Ratio
  Numerator   Current Assets
  Denominator   Current Liabilities
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Current Assets (A) 1,779.97 1,447.76
Current Liabilities (B) 1,000.04 633.30
Current Ratio (C) =(A) / (B) 1.78 2.29
%Change from previous year -22.14%
b. Ratio   Debt Equity Ratio
  Numerato r  Total Debt [represents current and non-current borrowings]
  Denominator   Shareholders’ equity [represents total equity]
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Total debt (A) 862.58 824.13
Shareholder's equity (B) 1,651.26 1,360.33
Debt equity ratio (C) = (A) / (B) 0.52 0.61
%Change from previous year -13.78%
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
159

===== PAGE 149 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
c. Ratio   Debt service coverage ratio
 Numerator   Earnings available for debt service
 Denominator   Debt service
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Profit after tax for the year (A) 250.63 (71.50)
Add: Non cash operating expenses and finance cost
  Depreciation and Amortisation expense (B) 98.74 113.43
  Finance costs (C) 117.59 99.29
Earnings available for debt services (D) = (A)+(B)+(C) 466.96 141.22
Finance costs (E) 117.59 99.29
Repayment of non-current borrowings (F) 157.63 91.98
Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities (G) 71.06 73.83
Debt service (H) = (E) + (F) + (G) 346.28 265.10
Debt service coverage ratio (I) = (D) /(H) 1.35 0.53
%Change from previous year 153.14%
* Profit after tax has substantially increased as compared to preivous year
d. Ratio   Return on equity [%]
  Numerator   Restated loss after tax
  Denominator   Average Shareholder’s Equity
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Profit after tax for the year (A) 237.15 0.31
Closing shareholder's equity (B) 1,651.26 1,360.33
Average shareholder's equity [(opening + closing) /2] (C) 1,505.79 1,025.51
Return on equity [%] (D) = (A)/(C) *100 15.75% 0.03%
%Change from previous year 520.00
* Profit after tax has substantially increased as compared to preivous year
e. Ratio   Inventory turnover ratio
  Numerator   Cost of goods sold
  Denominator   Average inventory
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Cost of goods sold (A) 453.56 229.21
Closing Inventory (B) 188.38 45.30
Average inventory [(opening + closing) /2] (C) 116.84 69.35
Inventory turnover ratio (D) = (A)/(C) 3.88 3.31
%Change from previous year 17.44%
f. Ratio    Trade receivables turnover ratio
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
160

===== PAGE 150 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
  Numerator   Revenue from operations
  Denominator   Average trade receivables
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Revenue from operations (A) 2,888.10 2,016.48
Closing Trade Receivables 1,291.48 516.92
Average Trade Receivables [(opening + closing) /2] (B) 904.20 542.98
Trade receivables turnover ratio (C) = (A) / (B) 3.19 3.71
%Change from previous year -13.99%
g. Ratio   Trade payables turnover ratio
  Numerator   Total purchases
  Denominator   Average trade payables
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Total purchases * (A) 596.65 242.30
Closing Trade Payables 172.56 55.27
Average Trade Payables [(opening + closing) /2] (B) 113.92 72.16
Trade payables turnover ratio (C) = (A) / (B) 5.24 3.36
%Change from previous year 55.98%
  Average trade payable have increased as compared to purchases during the year.
h. Ratio   Net capital turnover ratio
  Numerator   Revenue from operations
  Denominator   Working capital
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Revenue from operations (A) 2,888.10 2,016.48
Working Capital (Current Assets - Current Liabilities) (B) 779.93 814.46
Net capital turnover ratio (C) = (A)/ (B) 3.70 2.48
%Change from previous year 49.57%
* Revenue from operations has substantially increase during the year.
i. Ratio   Net profit ratio [%]
  Numerator   Profit after tax
  Denominator   Revenue from operations
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Profit after tax for the year (A) 250.63 (71.50)
Revenue from operations (B) 2,888.10 2,016.48
Net profit [%] (C) = (A) / (B) *100 8.68% -3.55%
%Change from previous year -344.74%
  During the year profits have increased and networking capital also increased
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
161

===== PAGE 151 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
j. Ratio   Return on capital employed [%]
  Numerator   Earning before interest and taxes
  Denominator   Capital Employed (Total equity, Total borrowings and Total lease liabilities)
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Profit after tax for the year (A) 250.63 (71.50)
Adjustments
  Add: Total tax expense (B) 90.62 (34.88)
  Add: Finance costs (C) 117.59 99.29
Earnings before interest and tax (D) = (A) + (B) + (C) 458.84 (7.09)
Total equity (E) 1,651.26 1,360.33
Current and Non-current borrowing (F) 765.01 689.89
Current and Non-current lease liability (G) 97.57 134.24
Capital Employed (H) = (E) + (F) + (G) 2,513.84 2,184.46
Return on capital employed [%] (I) = (D) / (H) *100 18.25% -0.32%
%Change from previous year -5723.69%
  During the year profits have increased substantially
k. Ratio   Return on investment [%]
  Numerator    Interest income on fixed deposits + Profit on sale of investments + Income of investments - Impairment 
on value of invesment
  Denominator   Current investment + Non current investments + Fixed deposits with bank
Ratios/ Measures
As at
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Interest income on fixed deposits (A) 42.75 10.19
Income of investments (B) - -
Profit on sale of investments (C) 9.33 8.00
Impairment on value of invesment (D) 2.96 0.53
Net return on investments (E) = (A)+(B)+(C)+(D) 55.04 18.72
Current investment (F) 123.83 114.50
Non current investments (G) 167.12 161.37
Fixed deposits with bank (H) 62.84 31.35
Capital Employed (I) = (F) + (G) + (H) 354 307
Return on investment [%] (J) = (E) / (I) *100 15.56% 6.09%
% Change from previous year 155.32%
* Return on investment has increased substantially during the year
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
162

===== PAGE 152 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
35 Financial risk management objectives and policies
  The Company’s principal financial liabilities comprise of trade and other payables. The main purpose of these financial 
liabilities is to finance the Company’s operations to support its operations. The Company’s principal financial assets include 
trade and other receivables, rental and bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents, that derive directly from its operations.
  The Company is exposed to credit and liquidity risk. The Company’s senior management oversees the management of these 
risks and the Board of Director’s reviews these activities.
 i. Market Risk
   Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument would fluctuate due to changes 
in market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk, such as 
equity price risk and commodity risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include trade payables. The Company 
is not exposed to price risk on the financial date.
   The sensitivity analysis in the following sections relate to the positions as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
   The analysis exclude the impact of movements in market variables on: the carrying values of gratuity and other post-
retirement obligations and provisions.
   The following assumption has been made in calculating sensitivity analyses:
   The sensitivity of the relevant profit or loss item is the effect of the assumed changes in respective market risks. This is 
based on the financial assets and financial liabilities held at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024.
 a. Foreign currency risk
   Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes 
in foreign exchange rates. The operations of the Company are both in India and overseas. Company has been providing 
services to overseas customers. Hence, the Company is currently exposed to the currency risk arising from fluctuation 
of these foreign currencies and Indian rupee exchange rates.
   The following table presents foreign currency risk for the below financial liabilities:
As at March 31, 2025 Transaction currency
Particulars Currency Amount Total
Assets:
Trade receivables GBP 130.41 130.41
Trade receivables JPY 5.33 5.33
Trade receivables USD 22.54 22.54
Trade receivables YUAN 2.10 2.10
Trade receivables MYR 0.61 0.61
Total 160.99 160.99
As at March 31, 2025 Transaction currency
Particulars Currency Amount Total
Assets:
Trade receivables USD 307.36 307.36
Total 307.36 307.36
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
163

===== PAGE 153 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
   Foreign currency sensitivity
Particulars Change in USD rates Effect on profit before 
tax (Decrease)/Increase
Effect on pre-tax equity 
(Decrease)/Increase
31-Mar-25 1% 1.61 1.61
-1% (1.61) (1.61)
31-Mar-24 1% 3.03 3.03
-1% (3.03) (3.03)
 ii. Credit risk
   Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, 
leading to a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities (primarily trade receivables). 
At the end of every financial year, the Company makes an assessment whether any loss allowance has to be provided 
for using the lifetime Expected Credit Loss (ECL) method.
 iii. Liquidity Risk
   Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The 
Company manages its liquidity risk by ensuring, as far as possible, that it will always have sufficient liquidity to meet its 
liabilities when due.
   The Company’s board of directors are responsible for liquidity, funding as well as settlement management.
   The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities
Particulars
As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Less than 1 year Less than 1 year
Borrowings 667.39 416.10
Lease liabilities 43.90 37.78
Trade payables 172.56 55.27
Other financial liabilities 8.72 8.39
Total 892.57 517.54
Particulars
As at  
March 31, 2025
more than  
1 year less  
than 5 years
As at  
March 31, 2024
more than  
1 year less  
than 5 years
Borrowings  97.62  273.79 
Lease liabilities  53.67  96.46 
Total  151.29  370.25 
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
164

===== PAGE 154 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
36 Financial Instruments
  The carrying value of financial instruments by categories as at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 is as follows:
  Financial Assets
Particulars
Carrying value Fair value
As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Cost
Investments in subsidiaries - -
Amortised Cost
Loans 32.15 76.04 32.15 76.04
Trade receivables 1,291.48 516.92 1,291.48 516.92
Cash and cash equivalents 131.64 729.96 131.64 729.96
Other assets 1.82 1.54 1.82 1.54
Fair value through Profit and Loss
Investments 123.83 114.50 123.83 114.50
Fair value through Other 
Comprehensive Income
Investments 167.12 161.37 167.12 161.37
Total Assets 1,748.04 1,600.33 1,748.04 1,600.33
  Financial Liabilities
Particulars
Carrying value as at Fair value as at
As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
As at 
March 31, 2025
As at 
March 31, 2024
Amortised Cost
Loans and borrowings 765.01 689.89 765.01 689.89
Lease liability 43.90 37.78 43.90 37.78
Trade payables 172.56 55.27 172.56 55.27
Other liabilities 8.72 8.39 8.72 8.39
Total Liabilities 990.19 791.33 990.19 791.33
  Fair Value Hierarchy
  Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
  Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly 
(i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
  Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
  The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2025:
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
Fair value measurement at end of reporting year
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Loans: Security deposits (at amortised cost) 32.15 - - 32.15
Investments (at fair value) 290.95 123.83 151.61 15.51
  The following table presents fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities as at March 31, 2024:
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2024
Fair value measurement at end of reporting year
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Loans: Security deposits (at amortised cost) 76.04 - - 76.04
Investments (at fair value) 275.87 114.50 144.49 16.88
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
165

===== PAGE 155 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
37 Capital Managament
  For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity holders and long-term and short-term borrowings. The primary objective of the Company’s capital 
management is to maximise the shareholder's value.
  The capital structure is as follows:
Particulars
As at March 31, 2025 As at March 31, 2024
Amount Percentage of 
total capital Amount Percentage of 
total capital
Total equity attributable to the equity share holders of 
the Company
1,651.26 68.34% 1,360.33 66.35%
Non-current Borrowings 97.62 4.04% 273.79 13.35%
Short-term borrowings 667.39 27.62% 416.10 20.30%
Total 2,416.27 100.00% 2,050.22 100.00%
  The Company is predominantly equity financed which is evident from the capital structure table. Further, the Company has always 
been a net cash Company with cash and bank balances along with current financial assets which is predominantly receivables.
38  The Company is in the process of making up to date documentation in pursuance of the Transfer Pricing study relating to 
international transaction with Associated Enterprises for the year as required under the Income-tax Act, 1961. According 
to the Company and based on the advice of its counsel the Company believes that the profit margins are comparable to 
available market data and consequently no adjustments are required to these financial statements in respect of the same 
notwithstanding the draft assessment order referred above.
39  No funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or 
kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”) with 
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall lend or invest in party identified 
by or on behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries). The Company has not received any fund from any party(s) (Funding 
Party) with the understanding that the Company shall whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf 
of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
40  The Code on Social Security 2020 (“”the Code””) relating employee benefits, during the employment and post employment, 
has received presidential assent on September 28, 2020. The Code has been published in the Gazette of India. Further, the 
Ministry of Labour and Employment has released draft rules for the Code on November 13, 2020. However, the effective date 
from which the changes are applicable is yet to be notified and rules for quanitifying the financial impact are yet to be issued.
  The Company will assess the impact of the Code and will give appropriate impact in the financial statements in the period in 
which the Code becomes effective and the related rules to determine the financial impact are published.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
166

===== PAGE 156 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
41 Dividends:
 i)  The Board of directors of the Company have proposed final dividend of I 3 /- (Previous Year: I 1/-) per equity share of  
I10/- fully paid up for the year ended March 31, 2025 which is subject to approval of the members in the ensuing annual 
general meeting.
 ii)  The Board of Directors of the Company have paid an interim dividend of Re.1/- per equity share of I10/- each fully paid 
up during the year.
42 Additional Disclosures:
 (i)  Transactions and balances with companies which have been removed from register of Companies [struck off companies] 
as at the above reporting periods is Nil.
 (ii)  The Company has not traded / invested in Crypto currency.
 (iii)  The Company has no such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or 
any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
 (iv)  The Company is not a declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender.
 (v)  The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
Company for holding any Benami property.
43 Standards Issued but not effective:
  The Ministry of Corporate affairs has notified on May 7, 2025 certain amendments to Ind AS 21 – Effect of changes in Foreign 
Exchange rates. The company is in the process of studying the amendments and ascertaining its impact.
In Accordance with our Report Attached
for BK Ramadhyani & Co. LLP For and on behalf of Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants ASM Technologies Limited
Firm Registration  
No.: 0028785/ S200021
(Vasuki HS)
Partner
Membership No.: 212013
M R Vikram
Chairman
DIN- 00008241
Rabindra Srikantan
Managing Director
DIN- 00024584
M Lakshminarayan
Director
DIN- 00064750
Ramesh Radhakrishnan
Director
DIN- 02608916
Preeti R
Director
DIN- 00216818
Hardik Agrawal
Director
DIN- 10580697
Narsingh Rathod
Chief Financial Officer
Vanishree Kulkarni
Company Secretary
Place: Bangalore
Date: May 18, 2025
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
167

===== PAGE 157 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
44 Statutory Group Information
Name of the entity
Net Assets, i.e., total assets 
minus total liabilities Share in profit and loss Share in other 
Comprehensive income
Share in total Comprehensive 
income
As % of 
consolidated 
net assets
K In million
As % of 
consolidated 
Profit & Loss
K In  
million
As % of 
consolidated 
OCI
K In 
million
As % of 
consolidated Total 
Comprehensive 
Income
K In  
million
Parent
ASM Technologies Limited
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 116.66% 1926.39 91.51% 229.34 69.51% (9.37) 92.76% 219.97
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 133.59% 1817.30 -85.47% 61.11 103.94% 74.64 43790.20% 135.75
Subsidiaries
1 ASM Digital Technologies INC
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 -11.00% (181.64) 2.66% 6.67 33.23% (4.48) 0.92% 2.19
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 -13.51% (183.83) 16.28% (11.64) -3.33% (2.39) -4525.81% (14.03)
2 ASM Digital Technologies Pte Ltd
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 -0.96% (15.93) 7.00% 17.54 0.00% 0.00 7.40% 17.54
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 -2.40% (32.68) -3.29% 2.35 0.00% 0.00 758.06% 2.35
3 R V Forms & Gears LLP
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 -4.49% (74.07) 1.82% 4.56 -2.74% 0.37 2.08% 4.93
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 -13.12% (178.47) 130.91% (93.60) -0.88% (0.63) -30396.77% (94.23)
4 ASM Technologies KK, Japan
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 -1.27% (20.96) -0.10% (0.24) 0.00% 0.00 -0.10% (0.24)
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 -1.52% (20.72) 0.74% (0.53) 0.00% 0.00 -170.97% (0.53)
5 ASM Digital Technologies Co Ltd-Thailand
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 -0.01% (0.09) 0.00% 0.00 0.00% 0.00 0.00% 0.00
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 -0.01% (0.09) 0.13% (0.09) 0.00% 0.00 -29.03% (0.09)
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
168

===== PAGE 158 =====
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(All amounts in Indian Rupees millions, except as otherwise stated)
Name of the entity
Net Assets, i.e., total assets 
minus total liabilities Share in profit and loss Share in other 
Comprehensive income
Share in total Comprehensive 
income
As % of 
consolidated 
net assets
K In million
As % of 
consolidated 
Profit & Loss
K In  
million
As % of 
consolidated 
OCI
K In 
million
As % of 
consolidated Total 
Comprehensive 
Income
K In  
million
6 ASM Engineering Pvt Limited, UK  
(w.e.f November 1, 2023)
(including ASM Digital Engineering Pvt Ltd, UK)
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 0.89% 14.70 2.15% 5.40 0.00% 0.00 2.28% 5.40
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 0.95% 12.91 -2.43% 1.74 0.00% 0.00 561.29% 1.74
Non-controlling interests in all subsidiaries
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 0.00% 0.00 -4.64% (11.62) 0.00% - -4.90% (11.62)
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 -4.04% (54.99) 39.80% (28.46) 0.26% 0.19 -9119.23% (28.27)
Share of profit or loss from joint venture
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 0.17% 2.86 -0.41% (1.02) 0.00% 0.00 -0.43% (1.02)
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 0.07% 0.90 3.33% (2.38) 0.00% 0.00 -767.74% (2.38)
Total
Balance as at 31 March, 2025 100.00% 1,651.26 100.00% 250.63 100.00% (13.48) 100.00% 237.15
Balance as at 31 March, 2024 100.00% 1,360.33 100.00% (71.50) 100.00% 71.81 100.00% 0.31
Statutory Reports Financial StatementsCorporate Overview
169

===== PAGE 159 =====
NOTICE
Notice is hereby given that the 33rd Annual General Meeting of 
the members of ASM Technologies Limited (“the Company”) will 
be held on Friday, 26th September 2025 at 12 noon. IST through 
Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) 
to transact the following businesses:
ORDINARY BUSINESSES:
1.  Adoption of Financial Statements and Reports of the Board 
of Directors and the Auditors thereon. 
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution, with or without modification(s), as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
  “RESOLVED THAT the Audited Financial Statements 
(including audited consolidated financial statements) of 
the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 
and the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors 
thereon laid before this meeting, be and are hereby 
considered and adopted.”
2. Declaration of Dividend 
  To declare a final dividend of Rs.3.00/- per equity share for 
the financial year ended 31
st March, 2025. 
3. Appointment of Director 
  To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution, with or without modification(s), as an 
Ordinary Resolution: 
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
152 of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Shekar Viswanathan( 
DIN:01202587), who retires by rotation at this meeting and 
being eligible has offered himself for re-appointment, be 
and is hereby appointed as a Director of the Company, 
liable to retire by rotation.”
SPECIAL BUSINESSES
4. Appointment of Secretarial Auditor
  To consider, and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
179 and 204, and any other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014, (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment thereof) and in terms of Regulation 24A of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, as amended from time to time, M/s. BMP & 
Co. LLP (Firm registration No. L2017KR003200), be and are 
hereby appointed as Secretarial Auditors of the Company 
for a term of five (5) consecutive years, commencing from 
Financial Year 2025-26 till Financial Year 2029-30, on such 
remuneration and on such terms and conditions as may be 
decided by the Board of Directors in consultation with the 
Secretarial Auditors of the Company and to avail any other 
services, certificates, or reports as may be permissible 
under the applicable laws.
  RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors be and 
is hereby authorised to do all acts and take all such steps 
as may be necessary, proper, or expedient to give effect to 
this resolution.
5. Appointment of Branch Auditors
  To consider and if thought fit, pass with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution.
  “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
143(8) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made there under, the 
Audit Committee / Board of Directors be and is hereby 
authorized to appoint, such person or persons qualified 
for appointment as Auditor or Auditors of the Company`s 
Branch Offices in USA, UK and Canada to examine and 
audit the accounts for the financial year 2025-2026 on 
such remuneration, terms and conditions as the Board 
may deem fit or authorize the Statutory Auditors of the 
Company to audit the branch Accounts and comply with 
the provisions of the Companies Act 2013.” 
REGD. OFFICE By Order of the Board
80/2, Lusanne Court, For ASM Technologies Limited
Richmond Road
Bangalore 560 025
Place: Bangalore RABINDRA SRIKANTAN
Date: 18.05.2025 Managing Director
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
170

===== PAGE 160 =====
NOTES
1.  The relative Statement (Explanatory Statement) pursuant 
to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable 
provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) 2015 with respect to the Business at Item 
No. 4 set out in the Notice is annexed.
2.  This The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has vide 
its General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020 and 
17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, in relation to “Clarification on 
passing of ordinary and special resolutions by companies 
under the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made 
thereunder on account of the threat posed by “COVID-19”, 
General Circular Nos. 20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, 10/2022 
dated December 28, 2022 and subsequent circulars issued 
in this regard, the latest being 09/2023 dated September 
25, 2023 in relation to “Clarification on holding of Annual 
General Meeting (“AGM”) through Video Conferencing 
(VC) or Other Audio Visual Means (OAVM)”, (collectively 
referred to as “MCA Circulars”) permitted the holding of 
the AGM through VC/OAVM, without the physical presence 
of the Members at a common venue. In compliance with 
the MCA Circulars, the AGM of the Company is being held 
through VC /OAVM. The registered office of the Company 
shall be deemed to be the venue for the AGM.
  This AGM Notice along with the Annual Report for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025 is sent only through 
electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses 
are registered with the Company/Depositories. The AGM 
notice and Annual Report of the Company are made 
available on the Company’s website at www.asmltd.com 
and also on the website of the Stock Exchanges where the 
shares of the Company have been listed viz., BSE Limited - 
www.bseindia.com. The Company has published a Public 
Notice by way of advertisement in Kannada Language, the 
principal vernacular language of Karnataka and in English 
language in an English newspaper with the required 
details of 33
rd AGM for information of the Members.
3.  A member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is 
entitled to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his / 
her behalf and the proxy need not be a member of the 
Company. Since the AGM is being held in accordance with 
the Circulars through VC, the facility for appointment of 
proxies by the members will not be available.
4.  Participation of members through VC will be reckoned for 
the purpose of quorum for the AGM as per section 103 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”).
5.  Members of the Company under the category of 
Institutional Investors are encouraged to attend and vote 
at the AGM through VC. Corporate members intending to 
authorize their representatives to participate and vote at 
the meeting are requested to send a certified copy of the 
Board resolution / authorization letter to the Company or 
upload on the VC portal / e-voting portal.
6.  Members holding shares in physical form are requested 
to notify any change in their address to the Company/ 
KFin Technologies Limited, Tower B, Plot No.31 & 32, 
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally 
Mandal, Hyderabad - 500032. Members holding shares in 
electronic form are requested to direct change of address 
notifications and updation of their bank account details to 
their respective depository participants.
7.  The Register of Members and Share transfer books of the 
Company will remain closed from 19.09.2025 to 20.09.2025 
(both days inclusive) in terms of provisions of Section 91 of 
the Companies Act 2013 for the purpose of Annual General 
Meeting of the company.
8.  In case of joint holders attending the Meeting, only such 
joint holder who is higher in the order of names will be 
entitled to vote.
9.  Members holding shares in single name and physical 
form are advised to make nomination in respect of their 
shareholding in the Company.
10.  Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform 
KFin Technologies Limited, the Registrars, of:
  Change in their residential status on return to India for 
permanent settlement.
  Particulars of their bank A/c maintained in India with 
complete name, branch, account type, account number 
and address of the bank with pin code number, if not 
furnished earlier.
11. Payment of Dividend through ECS:
 a)  Members holding shares in physical form are advised 
to submit particulars of their bank account, viz, name 
and address of the bank, 9 digit MICR code of the 
branch, type of account and account number to 
the Registrars, KFin Technologies Limited, Tower B, 
Plot No.31 & 32, Financial District, Nanakramguda, 
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad 500032
 b)  Members holding shares in demat form are advised 
to inform the particulars of their bank account to 
their respective Depository participants.
     Members may note that the Income Tax Act, 1961, 
(“the IT Act”) as amended by the Finance Act, 2020, 
mandates that dividends paid or distributed by a 
company after April 01, 2020 shall be taxable in the 
hands of members. The Company shall therefore be 
required to deduct tax at source (TDS) at the time 
of making the payment of final dividend. In order 
to enable us to determine the appropriate TDS rate 
as applicable, members are requested to submit 
the following documents in accordance with the 
provisions of the IT Act. For resident shareholders, 
taxes shall be deducted at source under Section 194 
of the IT Act as follows:
     Members having valid PAN- 7.5% or as notified by the 
Government of India
     Members not having PAN / valid PAN- 20% or as 
notified by the Government of India
Notice
171

===== PAGE 161 =====
     However, no tax shall be deducted on the dividend 
payable to a resident individual if the total dividend 
to be received by them during Financial Year 2024-
25 does not exceed Rs.5,000 and also in cases 
where members provide Form 15G / Form 15H 
(applicable to individuals aged 60 years or more) 
subject to conditions specified in the IT Act. Resident 
shareholders may also submit any other document 
as prescribed under the IT Act to claim a lower / 
Nil withholding tax. Registered members may also 
submit any other document as prescribed under the 
IT Act to claim a lower / Nil withholding tax. PAN is 
mandatory for members providing Form 15G / 15H 
or any other document as mentioned above.
     For non-resident shareholders, taxes are required 
to be withheld in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 195 and other applicable sections of the IT 
Act, at the rates in force. The withholding tax shall 
be at the rate of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and 
cess) or as notified by the Government of India on the 
amount of dividend payable. However, as per Section 
90 of the IT Act, non-resident shareholders have 
the option to be governed by the provisions of the 
Double Tax Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) between 
India and the country of tax residence of the member, 
if they are more beneficial to them. For this purpose, 
i.e. to avail the benefits under the DTAA, non-resident 
shareholders will have to provide the following : • 
Copy of the PAN card allotted by the Indian Income 
Tax authorities duly attested by the member • Copy 
of Tax Residency Certificate (TRC) for the FY 2024-
25 obtained from the revenue authorities of the 
country of tax residence, duly attested by member • 
Self-declaration in Form 10F • Self-declaration by the 
shareholder of having no permanent establishment 
in India in accordance with the applicable tax treaty 
• Self-declaration of beneficial ownership by the 
non-resident shareholder • Any other documents as 
prescribed under the IT Act for lower withholding of 
taxes if applicable, duly attested by member
     In case of Foreign Institutional Investors / Foreign 
Portfolio Investors, tax will be deducted under 
Section 196D of the IT Act @ 20% (plus applicable 
surcharge and cess).
     The aforementioned documents are required to be 
submitted at compliance.officer@asmltd.com by the 
shareholder during the period commencing from 
01 September, 2025 and ending on 15 September, 
2025. No communication would be accepted from 
members after September 19, 2025 regarding the tax 
withholding matters.
12.  Pursuant to Section 101 and Section136 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with relevant Companies (Management and 
Administration Rules), 2014, companies can serve Annual 
Reports and other communications through electronic 
mode to those members who have registered their e-mail 
address either with the company or with the Depository. 
Members who have not registered their e-mail address 
with the company are requested to submit their request 
with their valid e-mail address to M/s KFin Technologies 
Limited. Members holding shares in demat form are 
requested to register/update their e-mail address with 
their Depository Participant. For members holding shares 
in physical mode are requested to update their email 
addresses with the Company’s Registrar, KFin Technologies 
Limited at einward.ris@kfintech.com  to receive copies of 
the Annual Report 2024-25 in electronic mode. Members 
may follow the process detailed below for registration of 
email ID to obtain the Annual Report, user ID / password 
for e-voting and updation of bank account mandate for 
the receipt of dividend.
Type of 
Holder
Process to be followed
Registering Email Address Updating bank account details
Physical Send a request to the 
Registrar of the Company, 
KFin Technologies Private 
Limited at einward.ris@
kfintech.com providing 
Folio No., Name of 
member, scanned copy 
of the share certificate 
(front and back), PAN (self-
attested scanned copy 
of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self-attested scanned 
copy of Aadhar card) for 
registering email address.
Send a request to the Registrar of the Company, KFin Technologies Private Limited 
at einward.ris@kfintech.com providing Folio No., Name of member, scanned copy of 
the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar card) for updating bank account 
details. The following additional details need to be provided in case of updating bank 
account details:
 y Name and branch of the bank in which you wish to receive the dividend,
 y the bank account type,
 y Bank account number allotted by their banks after implementation of core 
banking solutions
 y 9 digit MICR Code Number
 y 11 digit IFSC
 y a scanned copy of the cancelled cheque bearing the name of the first member
 y The above Investor Service Request Forms (ISR) are available on RTA’s website at 
https://ris.kfintech.com/clientservices/isc/isrforms.aspx
Demat Please contact your DP and register your email address and bank account details in your demat account, as per the 
process advised by your DP .
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
172

===== PAGE 162 =====
13.  Members wishing to claim dividends, which remain 
unclaimed, are requested to correspond with the 
Registrar & Transfer Agent or Company Secretary at the 
Company`s Registered Office. Members are requested to 
note that dividends not encashed or claimed within seven 
years from the date of transfer to the Company`s Unpaid 
Dividend Account will as per Section 124 of the Companies 
Act 2013, be transferred to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund(IEPF) established by the Central 
Government. All shares in respect of which dividend has 
not been claimed for seven consecutive years or more shall 
be transferred by the company in the name of Investor 
Education and Protection Fund. Shareholders whose 
shares or unclaimed dividend has been transferred to the 
Fund may claim the said shares or unclaimed dividend by 
making an application in Form IEPF 5 and submission of 
the prescribed documents to the Fund.
  The company has vide notification dated 10
th May 2012 
of Ministry of Company Affairs, (MCA) uploaded the 
information in respect of unclaimed dividends as from 
the financial year 2008 on the website of the company.
14.  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124 (5) of the 
Companies Act 2013 unclaimed dividend pertaining to 
the dividend paid for the financial year 2017-2018 to the 
Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) established 
by the Central Government in July 2024 The company 
has transferred the unpaid or unclaimed dividend of 
the financial years 2016-17 on the due dates to the IEPF 
established by the Central Government.
15.  In compliance with Section 108 of the Companies Act 
2013, Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, substituted by Companies 
( Management and Administration) Amendment, Rules 
2015 and Regulation 44 (1) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements ) Regulations 2015 the company 
is providing e-voting facility to the shareholders to enable 
them to cast their votes electronically on the items 
mentioned in the notice. The facility for e-voting will also 
be made available to members attending the AGM and 
who have not already cast their votes by remote e-voting. 
Members who have cast their votes by remote e-voting 
prior to the AGM may attend the AGM but shall not be 
entitled to cast their votes again. Instructions for e-voting 
are annexed to the Notice.
16.  Additional information, pursuant to Regulation 36 of the 
SEBI( Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, in respect of the Directors seeking re-
appointment at the AGM, is furnished as annexure to the 
Notice. The Director has furnished consent/declaration for 
their appointment/re-appointment as required under the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules there under.
17.  The Notice of 33
rd AGM and the Annual report 2024-25 will 
also be available on the Company’s website, https://www.
asmltd.com, website at stock exchange i.e BSE Limited at 
www.bseindia.com, for their download.
18.  All documents referred to in the Notice will be available 
for inspection at the Company`s registered office during 
normal business hours on working days upto the date 
of AGM.
19.  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) vide 
circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/DOP1/CIR/P/2018/73 dated 
20
th April 2018 has mandated compulsory submission 
of Permanent Account Number (PAN) and bank details 
by every participant in the securities market. Members 
holding shares in the electronic form are, therefore 
requested to submit their PAN and bank details to their 
Depository Participant(s) and members holding shares in 
physical form shall submit the details to company.
20.  Since the AGM will be held through VC in accordance with 
the Circulars, the route map, proxy form and attendance 
slip are not attached to this Notice.
REGD. OFFICE By Order of the Board
80/2, Lusanne Court, For ASM Technologies Limited
Richmond Road
Bangalore 560 025
Place: Bangalore RABINDRA SRIKANTAN
Date: 18.05.2025 Managing Director
Notice
173

===== PAGE 163 =====
Name of Director Mr. Shekar Viswanathan (DIN 01202587)
Brief resume Shekar Viswanathan, (Shekar) retired in November 2020 as the Vice Chairman 
and Whole-time Director of Toyota Kirloskar Motor Pvt. Ltd. having joined the car 
company's Board of Directors in 2008. He majored in Economics while graduating 
from the University of Madras and is a qualified Chartered Accountant. Prior to his 
tenure at Toyota Kirloskar Motor, he was a member of the Board of Directors of 
Toyota Kirloskar Auto Parts Pvt. Ltd., where he was responsible for the finance, human 
resources, and legal functions. He also served on the Board of TG Kirloskar Automotive 
Pvt. Ltd., another Toyota group company.
Shekar’s experience spans a career of 38 years across the automobile, financial services 
and project finance sectors. He is a member of many leading industrial associations 
in India, and has held positions such as President of the Bangalore Chamber of 
Commerce & Industry (2009-2010), and Chairman of SIAM MUV Committee 2010. He 
was also an elected member of CII Southern Regional Council 2009-2011 and was 
also the Chairman of CII Karnataka and FICCI Karnataka. He was also an Executive 
Committee member of FICCI at the national level and the Board of Governors at 
Bangalore International Centre.
He is currently a Director on the Boards of Jay Bharat Maruti Limited., Uno Minda 
Limited, Nucleus Software Exports Limited. ( all listed companies ) and Brakes India 
Private Limited., Reconnect Energy Solutions Ltd., ANA ARC Pvt. Ltd., and Nettur 
Technical Training Foundation ( NTTF ).
DIN 01202587
Date of Birth & Age 16.11.1956 / 69 years
Nationality Indian
Date of First Appointment on the Board 28.05.2011
Qualifications Chartered Accountant
Expertise in specific functional area Skills in strategic management, financial management, accounting, taxation, audit, 
and corporate finance
Number of Shares held in Equity Capital 
of the Company
Mr. Shekar Viswanathan is not related to any other Director/ Key Managerial Personnel/ 
Manager of the Company.
Directorship held in other Indian Listed 
Companies
3
Chairman/Member of Committees 
of Board of Directors of other Listed 
companies
0
Number of Board Meetings attended 
during the financial year 2023-24
6
Remuneration details (last drawn 
remuneration including Sitting  
Fees & Commission)
I0.26 Mn.
Details of remuneration sought to be 
paid
Shareholders at the 32
nd AGM, held on July 20th, 2024, approved a sum not exceeding 
2% of the net profit of the Company per annum, calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 198 of the Act, to be paid and distributed among some or all of 
the non-executive directors of the Company in a manner decided by the Board. Non 
Executives directors are paid remuneration as per the criteria set by the Board from 
time to time in accordance with the shareholders’ approval at the AGM. The detailed 
criteria is available in the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company. The 
Policy can be accessed in this Annual report Annexed to Boards Report
Key terms and conditions of 
appointment
As per the resolution in Item no. 3 of this Notice, read with the explanatory statement 
thereto.
Disclosure of relationships between 
Directors/KMP inter-se
NIL
Date of first appointment on the Board 
of the Company
28.05.2011
Details of listed entities from which the 
person has resigned in the past three years
NIL
shareholding in the Company, including 
shareholding as a beneficial owner];
NIL
DETAILS OF THE DIRECTOR SEEKING RE-APPOINTMENT AT THE 33RD ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
[PURSUANT TO SECRETARIAL STANDARD 2 (SS-2) ISSUED BY THE INSTITUTE OF COMPANY 
SECRETARIES OF INDIA (ICSI) AND REGULATION 36 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS 2015]
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
174

===== PAGE 164 =====
Explanatory Statement
[Pursuant to Section 102(1) of the Companies Act, 2013]
Resolution No. 3
Based on the terms of appointment, executive directors and the 
non-executive and non-independent are subject to retirement 
by rotation. Mr. Shekar Viswanathan, Non- Independent, Non 
Executive Director, whose office of directorship is liable to 
retire at the ensuing AGM, being eligible, seeks reappointment 
as a Non- Independent, Non Executive Director. Based on 
the performance evaluation and the recommendation of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board 
recommends him reappointment as a Non- Independent, Non 
Executive Director.
No Directors and Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives of 
the Company are concerned or interested, financial.
Resolution No. 4
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 and other applicable 
provisions of the Act, if any, read with Rule 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, every listed company 
is required to annex with its Board’s Report, a Secretarial Audit 
Report given by a Company Secretary in Practice. Further, 
pursuant to Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as 
amended from time to time, every listed entity shall undertake 
Secretarial Audit by a Secretarial Auditor who shall be a Peer 
Reviewed Company Secretary and the appointment of such 
Secretarial Auditor shall be approved by the Members of the 
Company at the Annual General Meeting
In view of that above, after evaluating and considering various 
factors such as industry experience, competence of the audit 
team efficiency in conduct of audit, independence, etc., the 
Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on 
8
th May 2025, approved the appointment of M/s. BMP & Co. 
LLP (BMP), (Firm registration No. L2017KR003200) Company 
Secretaries, as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company, for a 
term of five consecutive years commencing from Financial Year 
2025-26 till Financial Year 2029-30, subject to approval of the 
shareholders of the Company at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting at such remuneration as mutually agreed between the 
Board of Directors of the Company and the Secretarial Auditors. 
BMP is a well-established firm of Practicing Company Secretaries 
with offices in Bengaluru, Mumbai, and Delhi (NCR). Founded 
in 2017, the firm specialises in Company Secretarial services. 
Having undergone peer review, BMP delivers comprehensive 
consulting and advisory services in corporate law. Their 
expertise encompasses a wide spectrum, including Corporate 
Secretarial Services, Secretarial Audit, SEBI compliances, Initial 
Public Offerings, Foreign Direct Investment and Overseas 
Direct Investment under FEMA, Mergers & Amalgamations, 
Business Setup, and Fund Raise compliance. BMP provides 
services across diverse sectors, including listed corporates, 
multinational companies, startups, venture capital firms, and 
esteemed law firms.
M/s. BMP & Co. LLP have consented to their appointment as 
Secretarial Auditors and has confirmed that their appointment 
will be in accordance with Section 204 of Companies Act, 
2015 read with SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015. The proposed 
remuneration to be paid to BMP for secretarial audit services 
for the financial year ending March 31, 2026, is I2.5 lakh (Rupees 
two lakhs fifty thousand) plus applicable taxes and out of-pocket 
expenses and any changes in the fees will be paid as mutually 
approved by  board and BMP and Co. time to time. Besides 
the secretarial audit services, the Company may also obtain 
certifications from BMP under various statutory regulations 
and certifications required by banks, statutory authorities, audit 
related services and other permissible non-secretarial audit 
services as required from time to time, for which they will be 
remunerated separately on mutually agreed terms, as approved 
by the Board of Directors. In view of the above, the consent of 
the Members is requested to pass an Ordinary Resolution as set 
out at Item No. 4 of the Notice. None of the Directors or KMPs 
of the Company or their respective relatives are concerned 
or interested either directly or indirectly, in the Resolution 
mentioned at Item No. 4 of the Notice. The Board recommends 
the Resolution set forth in Item No.4 for the approval of the 
Members of the Company by way of an Ordinary Resolution.
Resolution No. 5
The Company has branch offices in US, UK, Canada and Mexico. 
It is necessary to appoint Auditors, under the provisions of 
Sec.143 of the Companies Act 2013 for auditing the accounts 
of the Branches of the company for the year 2025-2026. Your 
approval is sought by the proposed resolution to be passed 
authorizing the Board of Directors of the company to appoint, 
such person or persons qualified for appointment as Auditor or 
Auditors of the Company`s Branch Offices in, USA., UK, Canada 
and Mexico to examine and audit the accounts for the financial 
year 2025-2026 on such remuneration, terms and conditions as 
the Board may deem fit or authorise the Statutory Auditors of 
the Company to audit the Branch Accounts and comply with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2013.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Persons of the Company 
and their relatives are concerned or interested in the resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary resolution set forth in Item 
No.5 for the approval of the members.
REGD. OFFICE By Order of the Board
80/2, Lusanne Court, For ASM Technologies Limited
Richmond Road
Bangalore 560 025
Place: Bangalore RABINDRA SRIKANTAN
Date: 18.05.2025 Managing Director
Notice
175

===== PAGE 165 =====
Dear Shareholder(s)
Please find enclosed the details for e- voting and e- AGM for 
convening the 33rd Annual General Meeting of the company to 
be held on Friday, September 26th 2025, at 12 noon.
The instructions and other information relating to e-voting are 
as under:
i.  In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the 
Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, 
Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and in terms 
of SEBI vide circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ CIR/P/2020/242 
dated December 9, 2020 in relation to e-Voting Facility 
Provided by Listed Entities, the Members are provided 
with the facility to cast their vote electronically, through 
the e-Voting services provided by KFintech, on all the 
resolutions set forth in this Notice. The instructions for 
e-Voting are given herein below.
ii.  However, in pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/
CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on “e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies”, e-Voting process 
has been enabled to all the individual demat account 
holders, by way of single login credential, through their 
demat accounts / websites of Depositories / DPs in order 
to increase the efficiency of the voting process.
iii.  Individual demat account holders would be able to cast 
their vote without having to register again with the 
e-Voting service provider (ESP) thereby not only facilitating 
seamless authentication but also ease and convenience 
of participating in e-Voting process. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and e-mail ID with 
their DPs to access e-Voting facility.
iv.  The remote e-Voting period commences Tuesday, 23 rd 
September 2025
v.  The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion to their 
shares in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company 
as on the cut-off date. i.e. Friday, 19
th of September 2025
vi.  Any person holding shares in physical form and non-
individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the 
Company and becomes a Member of the Company after 
sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off  
date, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a 
request at evoting@Kfintech.com . However, if he / she is 
already registered with KFintech for remote e-Voting then 
he /she can use his / her existing User ID and password for 
casting the vote.
vii.  In case of Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and who acquires shares of the Company 
and becomes a Member of the Company after sending of 
the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date may 
follow steps mentioned below under “Login method for 
remote e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.”
viii.  The details of the process and manner for remote e-Voting 
and e-AGM are explained herein below:
  Step 1 : Access to Depositories e-Voting system in case of 
individual shareholders holding shares in demat mode.
  Step 2 : Access to KFintech e-Voting system in case of 
shareholders holding shares in physical and non-individual 
shareholders in demat mode.
  Step 3 : Access to join virtual meetings(e-AGM) of the 
Company on KFin system to participate e-AGM and vote 
at the AGM.
Instructions for E-voting & 33rd e-AGM through Video Conferencing
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
176

===== PAGE 166 =====
Details on Step 1 are mentioned below:
I) Login method for remote e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
Type of 
shareholders Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL
1. User already registered for IDeAS facility:
 I. Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com 
 II. Click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” under ‘IDeAS’ section. 
 III.  On the new page, enter User ID and Password. Post successful authentication, click on “Access to 
e-Voting” 
 IV.  Click on company name or e-Voting service provider and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service 
provider website for casting the vote during the remote e-Voting period.
2.   User not registered for IDeAS e-Services
 I. To register click on link : https://eservices.nsdl.com
 II.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.
jsp 
 III. Proceed with completing the required fields.
 IV. Follow steps given in points 1.
3.  Alternatively by directly accessing the e-Voting website of NSDL
 I. Open URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
 II. Click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
 III.  A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account 
number held with NSDL), Password / OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
 IV.  Post successful authentication, you will requested to select the name of the company and the 
e-Voting Service Provider name, i.e. KFintech. 
 V.  On successful selection, you will be redirected to KFintech e-Voting page for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL
1.  Existing user who have opted for Easi / Easiest
 I.  Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or URL: www.cdslindia.com 
 II. Click on New System Myeasi
 III. Login with your registered user id and password. 
 IV. The user will see the e-Voting Menu. The Menu will have links of ESP i.e. KFintech e-Voting portal.
 V. Click on e-Voting service provider name to cast your vote.
2.   User not registered for Easi/Easiest
 I. Option to register is available at https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration
 II. Proceed with completing the required fields.
 III. Follow the steps given in point 1
3.  Alternatively, by directly accessing the e-Voting website of CDSL  
 I. Visit URL: www.cdslindia.com
 II. Provide your demat Account Number and PAN No. 
 III.  System will authenticate user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the demat 
Account.
 IV.  After successful authentication, user will be provided links for the respective ESP , i.e KFintech where 
the e- Voting is in progress.
Individual 
Shareholder 
login through 
their demat 
accounts / Website 
of Depository 
Participant
I.  You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your DP registered with 
NSDL /CDSL for e-Voting facility.
II.  Once logged-in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you will be 
redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting 
feature. 
III.  Click on options available against company name or e-Voting service provider – Kfintech and you will 
be redirected to e-Voting website of KFintech  for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
without any further authentication.
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use Forgot user ID and Forgot Password option available at 
respective websites.
Notice
177

===== PAGE 167 =====
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through Depository 
i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Securities held with NSDL Please contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at toll free no.: 
1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30
Securities held with CDSL Please contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or 
contact at 022- 23058738 or 022-23058542-43
Details on Step 2 are mentioned below:
II)  Login method for e-Voting for shareholders other 
than Individual’s shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode and shareholders holding securities in 
physical mode.
(A)   Members whose email IDs are registered with the 
Company/ Depository Participants (s), will receive an email 
from KFintech which will include details of E-Voting Event 
Number (EVEN), USER ID and password. They will have to 
follow the following process:
 i.   Launch internet browser by typing the URL: https://
emeetings.kfintech.com/
 ii.   Enter the login credentials (i.e. User ID and password). 
In case of physical folio, User ID will be EVEN (E-Voting 
Event Number) 9165, followed by folio number. In 
case of Demat account, User ID will be your DP ID 
and Client ID. However, if you are already registered 
with KFintech for e-voting, you can use your existing 
User ID and password for casting the vote.
 iii.   After entering these details appropriately, click on 
“LOGIN”.
 iv.   You will now reach password change Menu wherein 
you are required to mandatorily change your 
password. The new password shall comprise of 
minimum 8 characters with at least one upper case 
(A- Z), one lower case (a-z), one numeric value (0-9) 
and a special character (@,#,$, etc.,). The system will 
prompt you to change your password and update 
your contact details like mobile number, email ID etc. 
on first login. You may also enter a secret question 
and answer of your choice to retrieve your password 
in case you forget it. It is strongly recommended 
that you do not share your password with any other 
person and that you take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential.
 v.   You need to login again with the new credentials.
  vi.   On successful login, the system will prompt you 
to select the “EVEN” i.e., ‘9165- AGM” and click on 
“Submit”
  vii.   On the voting page, enter the number of shares 
(which represents the number of votes) as on the 
Cut-off Date under “FOR/AGAINST” or alternatively, 
you may partially enter any number in “FOR” and 
partially “AGAINST” but the total number in “FOR/
AGAINST” taken together shall not exceed your 
total shareholding as mentioned herein above. You 
may also choose the option ABSTAIN. If the Member 
does not indicate either “FOR” or “AGAINST” it will be 
treated as “ABSTAIN” and the shares held will not be 
counted under either head.
  viii.  Members holding multiple folios/demat accounts 
shall choose the voting process separately for each 
folio/ demat accounts.
  ix.   Voting has to be done for each item of the notice 
separately. In case you do not desire to cast your vote 
on any specific item, it will be treated as abstained.
  x.   You may then cast your vote by selecting an 
appropriate option and click on “Submit”.
  xi.   A confirmation box will be displayed. Click “OK” to 
confirm else “CANCEL” to modify. Once you have 
voted on the resolution (s), you will not be allowed 
to modify your vote. During the voting period, 
Members can login any number of times till they have 
voted on the Resolution(s).
  xii.   The Board of Directors has appointed M/s K. 
Dushyantha Kumar, Company Secretary in whole 
time practice, CP No. 6003, FCS Membership No. 6662 
as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting process in 
a fair and transparent manner.
  xiii.   Corporate/Institutional Members (i.e. other than 
Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are also required to send 
scanned certified true copy (PDF Format) of the 
Board Resolution/Authority Letter etc., authorizing 
its representative to attend the AGM through VC 
/ OAVM on its behalf and to cast its vote through 
remote e-voting. together with attested specimen 
signature(s) of the duly authorised representative(s), 
to the Scrutinizer at email id dushyanthak@gmail.com 
with a copy marked to evoting@kfintech.com . The 
scanned image of the above-mentioned documents 
should be in the naming format “Corporate Name_
Even No.”
(B)   Members whose email IDs are not registered with the 
Company/Depository Participants(s), and consequently 
the Annual Report, Notice of AGM and e-voting 
instructions cannot be serviced, will have to follow the 
following process:
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
178

===== PAGE 168 =====
 i.   Members who have not registered their email address 
and in consequence the Annual Report, Notice of 
AGM and e-voting instructions cannot be serviced, 
may temporarily get their email address and mobile 
number provided with KFintech, by accessing the 
link: https://emeetings.kfintech.com/. Members are 
requested to follow the process as guided to capture 
the email address and mobile number for sending 
the soft copy of the notice and e-voting instructions 
along with the User ID and Password. In case of any 
queries, member may write to einward.ris@kfintech.
com.
  ii.   Alternatively, member may send an e-mail request 
at the email id einward.ris@kfintech.com  along with 
scanned copy of the signed copy of the request letter 
providing the email address, mobile number, self-
attested PAN copy and Client Master copy in case of 
electronic folio and copy of share certificate in case 
of physical folio for sending the Annual report, Notice 
of AGM and the e-voting instructions.
  iii.   After receiving the e-voting instructions, please follow 
all steps above to cast your vote by electronic means.
Details on Step 3 are mentioned below:
III)  Instructions for all the shareholders, including 
Individual, other than Individual and Physical, 
for attending the AGM of the Company through 
VC/OAVM and e-Voting during the meeting.
 i.  Member will be provided with a facility to attend 
the AGM through VC / OAVM platform provided by 
KFintech. Members may access the same at https://
emeetings.kfintech.com/ by using the e-voting login 
credentials provided in the email received from the 
Company/KFintech. After logging in, click on the 
Video Conference tab and select the EVEN of the 
Company. Click on the video symbol and accept the 
meeting etiquettes to join the meeting. Please note 
that the members who do not have the User ID and 
Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID 
and Password may retrieve the same by following the 
remote e-Voting instructions mentioned above.
  ii.  Facility for joining AGM though VC/ OAVM shall open 
atleast 15 minutes before the commencement of 
the Meeting.
  iii.  Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through 
Laptops/ Desktops with Google Chrome (preferred 
browser), Safari, Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, 
Mozilla Firefox 22.
  iv.  Members will be required to grant access to the 
webcam to enable VC / OAVM. Further, Members 
connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or 
through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may 
experience Audio/Video loss due to fluctuation in 
their respective network. It is therefore recommended 
to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any 
kind of aforesaid glitches.
  v.  As the AGM is being conducted through VC / OAVM, 
for the smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM, 
Members are encouraged to express their views 
/ send their queries in advance mentioning their 
name, demat account number / folio number, email 
id, mobile number at compliance.officer@asmltd.
com. Questions /queries received by the Company 
till Thursday, 25
th September 2025 . shall only be 
considered and responded during the AGM.
  vi.  The Members who have not cast their vote through 
remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast their vote 
through e-voting system available during the AGM. 
E-voting during the AGM is integrated with the VC / 
OAVM platform. The Members may click on the voting 
icon displayed on the screen to cast their votes.
  vii.  A Member can opt for only single mode of voting 
i.e., through Remote e-voting or voting at the AGM. 
If a Member casts votes by both modes, then voting 
done through Remote e-voting shall prevail and vote 
at the AGM shall be treated as invalid.
  viii.  Facility of joining the AGM through VC / OAVM 
shall be available for members on first come first 
served basis.
  ix.  Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and 
vote at the AGM through VC / OAVM.
OTHER INSTRUCTIONS
I.  Speaker Registration: The Members who wish to speak 
during the meeting may register themselves as speakers 
for the AGM to express their views. They can visit https://
emeetings.kfintech.com and login through the user id and 
password provided in the mail received from Kfintech. 
On successful login, select ‘Speaker Registration’ which 
will opened from Tuesday, 23
rd September 2025 to 
Thursday 25 th September 2025 . Members shall be 
provided a ‘queue number’ before the meeting. The 
Company reserves the right to restrict the speakers at 
the AGM to only those Members who have registered 
themselves, depending on the availability of time for 
the AGM.
II.  Post your Question: The Members who wish to post their 
questions prior to the meeting can do the same by visiting 
https://emeetings.kfintech.com. Please login through the 
user id and password provided in the mail received from 
Kfintech. On successful login, select ‘Post Your Question’ 
option which will opened from Tuesday, 23
rd September 
2025 to Thursday 25th September 2025.
III.  In case of any query and/or grievance, in respect of 
voting by electronic means, Members may refer to the 
Help & Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) and E-voting 
user manual available at the download section of https://
Notice
179

===== PAGE 169 =====
evoting.kfintech.com  (KFintech Website) or contact 
Mr. Sridhar Balamurali at +91-9912629799, at evoting@
kfintech.com  or call KFintech’s toll free No. 1-800-3454-
001 for any further clarifications.
IV.  The Members, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members / list of Beneficial Owners as on Friday, 12
th 
September 2025,  being the cut-off date, are entitled to 
vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. A person 
who is not a Member as on the cut-off date should treat 
this Notice for information purposes only. Once the vote 
on a resolution(s) is cast by the Member, the Member shall 
not be allowed to change it subsequently.
V.  In case a person has become a Member of the Company 
after dispatch of AGM Notice but on or before the cut-
off date for E-voting, he/she may obtain the User ID and 
Password in the manner as mentioned below:
 i.  If the mobile number of the member is registered 
against Folio No./ DP ID Client ID, the member 
may send SMS: MYEPWD <space> E-Voting Event 
Number+Folio No. or DP ID Client ID to 9212993399
  1. Example for NSDL:
     2.  MYEPWD <SPACE> IN12345612345678
     3. Example for CDSL:
     4.  MYEPWD <SPACE> 1402345612345678
     5. Example for Physical:
     6.  MYEPWD <SPACE> XXXX1234567890
 ii.  If e-mail address or mobile number of the member 
is registered against Folio No. / DP ID Client ID, then 
on the home page of https://evoting.kfintech.com/, 
the member may click “Forgot Password” and enter 
Folio No. or DP ID Client ID and PAN to generate 
a password.
  iii.  Members who may require any technical assistance 
or support before or during the AGM are requested 
to contact KFintech at toll free number 1-800-309-
4001 or write to them at evoting@kfintech.com.
  VI.  The results of the electronic voting shall be declared 
to the Stock Exchanges after the AGM. The results 
along with the Scrutinizer’s Report, shall also be 
placed on the website of the Company on or before 
Tuesday 30
th September 2025.
ASM TECHNOLOGIES Annual Report 2024-25
180

===== PAGE 170 =====
Registered Office
ASM Technologies Limited
80/2 Lusanne Court, Richmond Road, Bangalore 560 025, KA, INDIA
Tel: +91 80 6696 2300 - 02 | Fax: +91 80 66962304 | Email: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies Limited.
RMZ Nxt, Campus 1B, First Floor &
Second Floor, Unit 102, 201 & 202
Sonnenahalli Village Mahadevapura
K. R. Puram Hobi, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore – 560 066, INDIA
Phone: 91 80 6713 9005
E-mail:  info@asmltd.com
Subsidiary / Branch
ASM Tower,
14/2 Wellington Street
Richmond Town, Bangalore 560 025, KA, INDIA
Tel: +91 80 6696 2300 – 02
Development Centres
ASM Technologies Limited
Pune IT Park, Unit A/203-204 Aundh Road,
Bhau Patil Marg, Bopodi, Pune, India – 411 020
Phone: + 91 80-66962300
ASM-HHV Engineering Pvt. Ltd
14/2 Wellington Street, Richmond
Town, Bangalore, Karnataka,
India 560025
Phone: +91 80 6696 2301 
E-mail:info@asmhhv.com
ASM Technologies Limited
Plot No 2D, 1st Phase, KIADB Dabaspet,
Sompura Hobli, Nelamangala Tulak,
Bangalore North – 562111
Tel: +91 80 6696 2301
E-mail:info@asmltd.com 
Manufacturing Facility
ASM Technologies Limited
Survey 177/5, Door No.34, Sandavelur,
Taluk, A, Village,  Molachur, Sriperumbudur,
Tamil Nadu – 602106
Tel: +91 80 6696 2301
E-mail:info@asmltd.com 
RV Forms & Gears
LLP (Subsidiary) - UNIT I &II
MF 11 and MF- 12
A SIDCO Industrial Estate, Guindy
Chennai, TN 600 032, INDIA
Tel: +91 44 2250 1860
ASM Digital Technologies Inc
2020 Calamos Court, Suite 200 
Naperville, IL 60563-2793, USA
Phone: +1 630 799 1563
Fax: +1 630 779 1562
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies Limited
Techmart Center  5201
Great America Pkwy, Suite 320
Santa Clara, CA 95054, USA
Phone: +1 630 799 1563
Fax: +1 630 799 1563 
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Digital Technologies Pte. Ltd.
#24-01, “Vision Exchange”,
2 Venture Drive, Singapore – 608526
Phone: +65 6270 5737
Fax: +65 6248 6076
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies (UK) Limited
Enterprise Centre, Coventry University.
Technology Park, Puma Way, Coventry
West Midlands CV1 2TT, United Kingdom
Phone: 02476 15 8620
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Engineering Private  Limited
Enterprise Centre, Coventry University.
Technology Park, Puma Way, Coventry
West Midlands CV1 2TT, 
United Kingdom
Phone: 02476 15 8620
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies KK
KRP BIZ NEXT. 3F Kyoto Research
Park Bldg. #4, 93 Awata-cho,
Chudoji. Shimogyo-ku,
Kyoto 600-8815, JAPAN
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies Limited
Toronto Eaton Centre, 
1 Dundas Street West, Suite #2500,
Ontario, M5G1Z3, CANADA
Phone: +1 416 979 7800 
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
ASM Technologies S. de R.L. de C.V
Country Club Financial Americas 1600,
Suite 408, Col. Country Club,
Guadalajara, Jal. C.P . 44610, MEXICO
Phone: +16 307991563
E-mail: info@asmltd.com
Notice
181

===== PAGE 171 =====
Concept, content and design by    |  contact@reportyak.com
REGISTERED OFFICE
ASM Technologies Limited 
80/2 Lusanne Court, Richmond Road, Bangalore 560 025, KA, INDIA 
Tel: +91 80 6696 2300 - 02 | Fax: +91 80 66962304 | Email: info@asmltd.com