

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
www.valiantlabs.in | CIN : L24299MH2021PLC365904 
Registered Office: 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund-Goregaon Link Road, Mulund (W), Mumbai - 400080. 
T: 022-49717221/49712001/49717220 | E: investor@valiantlabs.in 
 
September 01, 2025 
 
To, To, 
Listing/Compliance Department Listing/Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400001 Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
  
BSE CODE – 543998 NSE Symbol: VALIANTLAB 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Notice of the 4th Annual General Meeting & Annual Report for the Financial Year 
2024-25. 
Ref: Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Valiant Laboratories Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to share its Annual Report for the 
Financial Year 2024-25, together with the Notice convening the 4th Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”). The AGM is scheduled t o be held on Thursday, September 25, 2025, at 11:30 a.m. 
(IST) through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means. 
 
Further, in accordance with the MCA Circulars and said SEBI Circulars, the Notice of the 
AGM along with the Annual Report is being sent only through electronic mode to those 
Members whose email addresses are registered wit h the Company/Depository Participants 
as on Friday, August 29, 2025. 
 
The Notice of 4th AGM of the Company along with Annual Re port for the Financial Year 
2024-25 is available on the website of the Company at the below web-link:  
 
https://valiantlabs.in/investors/#annual-report  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Valiant Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
Akshay Gangurde 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====
Navigating Change, Fortifying Foundations 
and Accelerating Value.
Valiant Laboratories Limited 
Annual Report 2024-25

===== PAGE 3 =====
Contents
02 Know Us Better
04 MD’s Message
06 Financial Performance
07 Our Journey
08 Geographic Footprint
10 Manufacturing
12 Supply Chain
14 Environment
16 Community Empowerment
18 Governance
20 Visionary Leader of Aarti Group
21 Our Esteemed Board of Directors
22 Corporate Information
Standalone
74 Independent Auditors’ Report
82 Balance Sheet
83 Statement of Profit and Loss
84 Statement of Cash Flows
86 Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
87
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
95 Notes Forming Part of Financial Statements
Consolidated
126 Independent Auditors’ Report
132 Balance Sheet
133 Statement of Profit and Loss
134 Statement of Cash Flows
136 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
137
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
146 Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
24 Management Discussion and Analysis
31 Report of the Board of Directors
52 Report on the Corporate Governance
Forward-looking statement
Some information in this report may contain forward-looking statements. We have based these statements on our current beliefs, 
expectations and intentions as to facts, actions and events that will or may occur in the future. Such statements generally are identified by 
futuristic words such as ‘believe’, ‘plan’, ‘anticipate’, ‘continue’, ‘estimate’, ‘expect’, ‘may’, ‘will’ or other similar words. These statements 
may include assumptions or basis underlying the futuristic statement. We have chosen these assumptions or basis in good faith, and we 
believe that they are reasonable in all material respects. However, we caution you that these statements might vary from actual results, and 
the differences between the results implied by the statements and actual results can be material, depending on the circumstances.   
To know more about the company, 
log on to https://valiantlabs.in
Corporate Overview
Statutory Reports
179 Notice
Notice of AGM
Financial Statements
Scan the QR Code  
to view the report online
02-22
23-72
73-177
178-206
From humble beginnings in 1980 to becoming a prominent 
Indian manufacturer of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients, 
Valiant Laboratories has been defined by its ability to adapt, 
strengthen and progress. Specialising in Paracetamol API, 
we have built a legacy of trust, quality and innovation that 
continues to guide us through evolving market landscapes.
Recent shifts in our operating environment have tested our resilience and sharpened 
our focus on what matters most—strengthening core capabilities, driving operational 
excellence,and reinforcing relationships with marquee clients. While market dynamics 
present challenges, they also open new avenues for growth and we are responding with 
targeted R&D, process optimisation and a commitment to diversification.
Our strategy is clear: navigate change with agility, fortify our foundations with robust 
processes and advanced manufacturing and accelerate value creation for all stakeholders. 
Backed by visionary leadership, a proficient team, and a culture of innovation, Valiant is 
poised to evolve into a stronger, more adaptive and future-ready organisation.
Change
Foundations
Value
Navigating
Fortifying
and Accelerating

===== PAGE 4 =====
Know Us Better
Strength Behind 
the Momentum
Valiant Laboratories Limited is a specialised pharmaceutical company focused 
on manufacturing high-quality Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), with a 
strong presence in the Paracetamol API segment. Being a part of Aarti Group of 
Industries, we draw on a trusted legacy built over four decades. Our reputation 
as a reliable and quality-driven supplier is built on our ability to respond to 
evolving global healthcare needs with consistency and precision.
J75.21 Lakhs
EBITDA
Vision Mission
Valiant Laboratories aims to establish itself as the foremost 
supplier of bulk drugs, achieving leadership through: 
	X Consistently delivering superior quality products 
punctually and at competitive prices
	X Prioritising customer satisfaction through continuous 
technological advancement, ethical business practice, 
and innovative product development
	X Implementing cost-effective and safe processes 
supported by cutting-edge technologies
	X Embracing the most efficient and adaptable 
manufacturing practices and methods to ensure 
operational excellence 
	X Maintaining a steadfast commitment to sustainability, 
community responsibility and employee well-being.
Valiant Laboratories is dedicated to diversifying into 
new chemistries and industries, increasing our market 
share and optimising operational efficiencies through the 
backward integration of our proposed facility. 
We are committed to expanding our footprint in foreign 
and regulated markets while delivering innovative 
solutions that address global healthcare challenges. 
Upholding the highest standards of quality and ethical 
practices, we foster long-term partnerships and sustainable 
growth. Our mission is to pioneer advancements in 
pharmaceuticals, ensuring accessible and effective 
healthcare solutions worldwide.
J13,336.18 Lakhs
Total Revenue
Our origins date back to 1980, when we 
began operations as Bharat Chemicals, 
producing Para Nitro Phenol, an essential 
compound used in pharmaceuticals, 
fungicides and rubber additives. Years of 
in-house research and process refinement 
led us to diversify into pharmaceutical 
manufacturing with the introduction of 
Paracetamol API. On August 16, 2021 
the Company decided to convert from 
a partnership firm to a Public Limited 
Company, marking the inception of Valiant 
Laboratories Limited.
We operate from a state-of-the-art, single-
location facility in Tarapur Industrial Estate, 
Maharashtra, strategically positioned 
near Mumbai and Nhava Sheva Port 
to support seamless distribution. Our 
advanced systems and quality-focused 
manufacturing processes enable us to meet 
our customer expectations. Complementing 
our manufacturing expertise is a focused 
R&D team, working to identify and develop 
new molecules to support future growth and 
diversification beyond our current portfolio.
CO
03
Annual Report 2024-2502
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 5 =====
Dear Shareholders,
It is my privilege to present the performance 
and progress of Valiant Laboratories Limited 
for the financial year 2024-25. Despite a 
year marked by shifting market dynamics 
and widespread industry challenges, we 
have strengthened our foundations and 
advanced our diversification initiatives. 
This approach has positioned us to navigate 
change effectively and drive sustained value 
creation for our stakeholders.
During the year, the operating landscape 
for Paracetamol API continued to evolve 
significantly. In India, demand was 
supported by the expanding over-the-
counter (OTC) segment and an increased 
emphasis on preventive healthcare. 
However, the post-COVID surge in 
manufacturing capacities led to heightened 
competition and sustained pricing 
pressures, resulting in lower capacity 
utilization and margin erosion.
The results for FY25 reflect the influence 
of these market conditions. Despite the 
challenges, we continued to implement 
measures aimed at strengthening 
our financial position and enabling 
sustainable growth. 
Strengthening Capabilities, Advancing 
Quality
Our facilities and processes are certified 
to ISO 9001:2015 standards and we 
continue to maintain GMP certification 
for the production and export of 
bulk drugs and APIs.
Towards the end of FY 2024-25, our process 
engineering team successfully enhanced 
the manufacturing capacity of the Tarapur 
plant from 750 MT to 900 MT per month 
through minor equipment modifications.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private 
Limited (VASPL), our wholly-owned 
subsidiary, focuses on the research and 
development of specialty chemicals, 
with a particular emphasis on ketene 
and diketene derivatives. A pilot plant 
has been established, with over a dozen 
products currently under development, 
several of which have already received 
customer approvals. The state-of-the-
art manufacturing facility is now at an 
advanced stage of commissioning.
A Stronger Supply Chain
We continued to enhance operational 
stability by implementing improvements 
in our supply chain. By increasing the 
localisation of key starting material 
procurement, we reduced our dependence 
on imports, thereby mitigating exposure 
to global supply disruptions. Major 
porting of our key starting material PAP 
is procured from our Group Companies. 
Comprehensive process mapping of 
procurement touchpoints enabled us to 
identify potential risks and develop effective 
contingency plans. These initiatives have 
strengthened our ability to meet customer 
requirements effectively and on time. 
Responsible Operations for a Resilient 
Future
To achieve Zero Liquid Discharge, 
we installed a Mechanical Vapour 
Recompression (MVR) system integrated 
with a Reverse Osmosis (RO) plant, 
enabling efficient treatment and recycling 
of process wastewater. In alignment with 
regulatory standards, blowers and scrubbers 
were introduced across our operations to 
improve air quality.
Energy efficiency initiatives included 
the transition to LED lighting and 
the deployment of energy meters at 
departmental and individual equipment 
levels, allowing for regular monitoring 
and optimisation of energy consumption. 
Employee well-being remained a priority, 
with annual health check-ups and weekly 
on-site consultations provided by a qualified 
medical practitioner. Safety protocols 
were further strengthened through 
regular training programmes, mock drills 
simulating fire and chemical spill scenarios 
as well as the observance of Safety Week. 
MD’s Message
Despite significant 
challenges in the 
global economic 
climate, particularly 
in the active 
pharmaceutical 
manufacturing sector, 
we have continued 
to maintain our 
strength and resilience.
Committed to Care: Corporate Social 
Responsibility
During the year, we contributed towards 
infrastructure improvements at the MIDC 
Boisar Police Station. Additionally, we 
supported Shree Navinar Jain Mahajan, 
a Mumbai-based organization engaged in 
animal rescue, care, and shelter initiatives, 
as well as in promoting education by 
distributing stationery, school bags, and 
books to children in government schools.
Stepping into the Future
Looking ahead, we will align our facilities 
with international regulatory standards 
to enable entry into regulated markets. 
The Company is also in the process of 
raising of funds by issuing equity shares 
via Rights Issue. The Rights Issue will 
strengthen our financial position, enabling 
us to pursue new opportunities with greater 
confidence. Simultaneously, VASPL will 
advance its research and development 
efforts in specialty chemicals, supporting 
the diversification of our portfolio.
By combining operational discipline with 
our longstanding commitment to quality 
and trust, Valiant is well-positioned to 
respond effectively to market dynamics and 
accelerate value creation for all stakeholders.
On behalf of the management team, I extend 
my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, 
employees, customers, regulators and 
partners for their continued support. While 
the year presented its challenges, it has 
also been a period of building resilience 
and reinforcing our foundational strengths. 
With our focus on innovation, regulatory 
compliance and diversification, we are 
confident in our ability to navigate change 
with agility and deliver sustainable value 
in the years to come.
Warm regards, 
Mr. Santosh S. Vora 
Managing Director
CO
05
Annual Report 2024-2504
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 6 =====
Financial Performance
Accelerating Value 
Performance
Forging Ahead with Purpose
Revenue         
PAT
FY23
FY23
FY23
FY23
FY23
FY23
33,390.952,899.80
3,509.108.46
10.5122.76
FY22
FY22
FY22
FY22
FY22
FY22
29,152.302,749.60
4,231.809.37
14.5235.75
FY24
FY24
FY24
FY24
FY24
FY24
FY25
FY25
FY25
FY25
FY25
FY25
18,205.2434.00
127.300.19
0.70(0.29)
13,336.18 (215.02)
75.21(1.61)
0.56(0.43)
(H in Lakhs)
(H in Lakhs)
EBITDA
PAT Margin
EBITDA Margin
ROCE
(H in Lakhs)
(%)
 (%)
 (%)
1980
1982
1981
2021
2004-
2005
2023
2025
2015
2022
Formed M/s. Bharat  
Chemicals  
(a partnership firm)
Acquired plot No. L-30 
in the Tarapur Indus-
trial Area, Palghar, Ma-
harashtra on leasehold 
basis admeasuring 
about 1,000 sq. mtrs
Commenced 
manufacture of 
Paracetamol
Our annual revenue from 
operations crossed H2,000 million
Formed our wholly owned 
subsidiary, VASPL to diversify 
our business activities
Our annual revenue from  
operations crossed J500 million
Converted from 
partnership firm into a 
public limited company
Our annual revenue 
from operations 
crossed J1,000 million
Acquired additional 
Plot Nos.  L-28, L-28 
(part), L-29and L-13 at 
Tarapur Industrial Area, 
Palghar, Maharashtra 
collectively admeasur-
ing about 3,000 sq. mtrs
Our company got 
listed on BSE and NSE 
on 6th of October.
Enhanced the manufac-
turing capacity of the 
Tarapur plant from 750 
MT to 900 MT per month.
Our  
Journey
CO
07
Annual Report 2024-2506
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 7 =====
Geographic Footprint
From Home Turf 
to Global Stage
In FY 2025, we continued to strengthen our footprint across both domestic and 
global markets, responding to the rising demand for Paracetamol API. In India, 
increased focus on preventive healthcare and the growing OTC segment has 
expanded market potential. We are deepening our presence in high-demand 
regions and broadening our customer base, supported by our ISO 9001:2015 
certified manufacturing facility and a reliable supply chain.
Internationally, we are laying the groundwork to enter regulated markets by aligning with specific compliance requirements and 
pursuing necessary approvals. Our goal is to become a trusted global supplier of Paracetamol API. To support this ambition, we are 
strengthening customer engagement and identifying long-term growth opportunities across key geographies.
Key Highlights
Expanded customer base across 
key Indian states in response to 
growing OTC demand 
Strengthened internal quality 
and compliance processes to 
support export-readiness
Evaluated product 
diversification to reduce 
dependency on Paracetamol API
01
 03
02
CO
09
Annual Report 2024-2508
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Corporate Overview 09

===== PAGE 8 =====
Paracetamol Process Flow Chart
Raw Materials
Purification
Blending
Pulverization
PackingParacetamol IP/BP/EP/USP
Filtration
ML for Recovery
Manufacturing 
Reinforcing Systems, 
Accelerating Output 
We operate a well-equipped manufacturing facility designed to meet the 
evolving needs of our customers. The facility is equipped with advanced 
instruments and equipment to support the efficient production of various 
grades and sizes of Paracetamol API. Its strategic location, approximately 150 
km from JNPT (Nhava Sheva) Port and 110 km from our registered office in 
Mulund West, Mumbai, facilitates seamless logistics and access to domestic 
and international markets. Further, towards the end of FY 2024-25, our 
process engineering team successfully enhanced the manufacturing capacity 
of the Tarapur plant unit from 750 MT to 900 MT per month through minor 
equipment modifications.
Manufacturing Process
We follow a streamlined and quality-controlled manufacturing 
process to produce high-grade paracetamol. Each stage is 
carefully monitored to ensure purity, safety and consistency.
Acetylation
Para amino phenol is acetylated with acetic anhydride to produce 
crude paracetamol.
Purification and Filtration
The crude paracetamol is dissolved in hot water and treated with 
activated carbon to remove coloured impurities. The mass is then 
hot filtered and sent to the crystalliser.
Crystallisation and Centrifugation
The filtered mass is cooled in the crystalliser, then centrifuged 
and washed with purified water to obtain pure paracetamol 
in centrifuged form. This is then transferred to the fluid 
bed dryer for drying.
Pulverising and Packing
Paracetamol is fed into the pulveriser from the receiver. The 
pulverised paracetamol is then packed in bags, drums or as per 
customer requirements
Blending
A full batch of dried pure paracetamol is loaded into the blender. 
After blending, it is transferred to the receiver for pulverising 
through the powder transfer system.
Drying
Centrifuged pure paracetamol is dried in the fluid bed dryer and 
sent for blending.
Acetylation
Crvstallization
Filtration Drying
Clients we serve
Pharmaceutical Companies
To manufacture finished dosage forms like:
	X Tablets 
	X Capsules 
	X Other medications
A variety of grades 
and sizes 
	X Powder 
	X Fine Powder 
	X Crystals
Global Pharmacopoeia Standards
	X IP (Indian Pharmacopoeia) 
	X BP (British Pharmacopoeia) 
	X USP (United States Pharmacopoeia) 
	X EU (European Pharmacopoeia)
Our Paracetamol expertise
Health and Safety
We operate in accordance with all applicable environmental 
and safety regulations concerning the storage and handling of 
raw materials and finished products. These practices help us 
maintain high standards of workplace safety and environmental 
responsibility while ensuring regulatory compliance.
Quality Control
We place high emphasis on quality across all operational 
stages. Our manufacturing facility and head office are certified 
to ISO 9001:2015 standards. We also hold a GMP (Good 
Manufacturing Practices) certificate for the manufacture and 
export of bulk drugs and APIs. Comprehensive quality protocols 
are embedded into every production phase from raw material 
procurement and production to inventory storage. Our in-house 
analytical laboratory is fully equipped to ensure that all inputs 
and outputs meet the required specifications.
CO
11
Annual Report 2024-2510
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Corporate Overview 11

===== PAGE 9 =====
Securing Supply 
Through 
Localisation and 
Planning
To strengthen supply 
reliability, we expanded 
our sourcing from local 
vendors for critical raw 
materials, thereby reducing 
dependence on imports 
and insulating the business 
from global supply chain 
disruptions. Furthermore, 
with complete backward 
integration, both major 
key starting materials are 
now manufactured within 
the Group companies, 
significantly mitigating 
supply chain risks while 
enhancing customer 
confidence and driving 
higher business volumes.
Supply Chain 
Need Creative 
Head
Our supply chain remained a core driver of operational stability and 
market responsiveness. Through local sourcing, agile inventory practices 
and robust logistics, we have continued to strengthen our ability to 
meet growing customer demands while navigating a dynamic market 
environment. Our approach integrates risk reduction, cost efficiency and 
quality assurance, positioning us for scalable and sustainable growth.
CO
Annual Report 2024-25
12
Valiant Laboratories Limited
 13
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 10 =====
Environment 
Navigating Towards Climate-
Conscious Operations
We continued to strengthen our environmental stewardship through 
pragmatic, compliance-led and impact-focused actions. Our efforts 
remained centred on responsible waste management and emission 
reduction, alongside the efficient use of natural resources across our 
operations. As a responsible pharmaceutical company, we operate within 
the bounds of applicable environmental regulations that govern the 
storage and handling of raw materials and finished goods.
Over the years, the Company has took several initiatives such as:
The Company has installed a 
Mechanical Vapour Recompression 
(MVR) system along with a Reverse 
Osmosis (RO) plant to achieve Zero 
Liquid Discharge. This enables 
efficient treatment and recycling of 
all process wastewater within the 
facility, promoting responsible
water management.
The Company has transitioned to 
LED lighting across its to reduce 
energy consumption Additionally, 
energy meters have been installed 
department-wise and on individual 
equipment to monitor and optimize 
energy usage on a continuous basis.
Blowers and scrubbers have been 
installed to effectively reduce air 
emissions and maintain air quality in 
compliance with regulatory standards.
The Company carries out tree plantation 
drives in the garden and green field 
zones of the facility. Regular maintenance 
of green areas is conducted to support 
long-term ecological balance.
Waste water treatment and ZLD Energy Efficiency Measures
Air Emission Control Environmental Awareness
CO
15
Annual Report 2024-2514
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 11 =====
Community Empowerment 
Strengthening Bonds Beyond 
Business
At Valiant Laboratories, we recognise our responsibility to contribute 
meaningfully to the communities around us. We view CSR as an integral 
part of creating long-term value, with initiatives focused on strengthening 
public infrastructure, supporting education, and promoting social 
welfare. Our efforts are directed towards generating sustained impact for 
underserved sections of society, and we remain committed to broadening 
the scope of our initiatives to address emerging community needs.
Focus areas
During the year, we contributed towards infrastructure improvements at the MIDC Boisar Police Station. Additionally, we supported 
Shree Navinar Jain Mahajan, a Mumbai-based organization engaged in animal rescue, care, and shelter initiatives, as well as in promoting 
education by distributing stationery, school bags, and books to children in government schools.
Education Healthcare
Animal welfare
Rural infrastructure 
Community development
CO
17
Annual Report 2024-2516
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 12 =====
Governance
Building Resilient Frameworks 
for Long-Term Value
At Valiant Laboratories, we believe that strong governance is fundamental 
to sustainable growth and long-term value creation. Our governance 
framework is built on transparency, accountability and ethical conduct, 
ensuring that business decisions align with the interests of all stakeholders. 
With a well-defined board structure, compliance mechanisms and 
oversight processes, we strive to uphold the highest standards of corporate 
governance as we pursue our strategic objectives.
For a complete list of policies and codes, click here - https://valiantlabs.in/policies-codes/#policies
Our committees
Our Policies and Codes
Audit Committee
Nomination and 
Renumeration Committee
Whistleblower Policy
Code of Conduct for 
Board of Directors 
and Senior Management
Risk Management Policy
Policy on Related 
Party Transactions
Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy
Insider Trading Code
Stakeholder 
Relationship Committee
Risk Management 
Committee
Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee
Company’s Philosophy on 
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance at Valiant 
Laboratories Limited is the 
cornerstone of our journey towards 
sustainable growth, stakeholder trust, 
and responsible leadership. It is the 
framework of principles, systems, and 
practices through which our Board of 
Directors and Management ensures 
accountability, fairness, transparency, 
and ethical conduct in all aspects 
of the Company’s operations and 
stakeholder relationships.
Our governance approach is deeply 
rooted in our core values — Care, 
Integrity, and Excellence — and is fully 
aligned with our strategy: Navigating 
Change, Fortifying Foundations, and 
Accelerating Value. This philosophy 
ensures we remain resilient amid 
evolving market dynamics, grounded 
in ethical standards, and committed to 
long-term value creation.
Building Resilient Frameworks 
for Long-Term Value
CO
19
Annual Report 2024-2518
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 13 =====
Visionary Leader of Our Esteemed
MR. CHANDRAKANT V. GOGRI
Mr. Chandrakant V. Gogri is the founder of Aarti Industries Limited. Mr. Gogri holds a degree in Chemical 
Engineering from the Institute of Chemical Technology (ICT), previously known as the University 
Department of Chemical Technology (UDCT). He has unparalleled expertise in the fields of chemical industry 
projects, operations, process development, and marketing. His ability and aptitude for finance assisted the 
Aarti Group through a crucial expansion period. For his contributions to the Indian chemical industry, Mr. 
Chandrakant V. Gogri received the renowned Lala Shriram National Award for Leadership in the Chemical 
Industry in 2015 and the ICC’s D.M. Trivedi Lifetime Achievement Award in 2019. In 2022, Mr. Chandrakant 
Gogri was honoured with Lifetime Contribution Award at the Chemical and Petrochemical Awards by FICCI 
and Lifetime Achievement Award by GDMA (Gujarat Dyestuff Manufacturer Association)
Mr. Paresh Shah 
Executive Director &  
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Santosh Vora 
Managing Director
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
Non - Executive Director
Mrs. Sonal Vira 
Non - Executive 
Independent Director 
Mr. Ashok Chheda 
Non - Executive  
Independent Director
Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
Non - Executive Director
Mr. Mulesh Savla 
Non - Executive 
Independent Director
Aarti Group Board of Directors
CO
21
Annual Report 2024-2520
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 14 =====
Corporate Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Non - Executive Independent Director
Mr. Mulesh M. Savla*
(Appointed w.e.f. May 14, 2024)
Managing Director
Mr. Santosh S. Vora
Executive Director
Mr. Paresh S. Shah  
Non – Executive Directors
Mr. Shantilal S. Vora 
Mr. Sandeep N. Gupta
Independent Directors
Mrs. Sonal A. Vira
Mr. Ashok Chheda*
(*Appointed w.e.f November 12, 2024)
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Paresh S. Shah
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Mr. Akshay Gangurde
(*Appointed w.e.f. July 09, 2025)
Ms. Prajakta K. Patil
(*Resigned w.e.f. June 15, 2025.)
STATUTORY AUDITORS
M/s. Raman S. Shah & Co.
Chartered Accountants
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
M/s. Sunil M. Dedhia & Co.
Practicing Company Secretary
BANKERS
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Kotak Mahindra Bank
REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER AGENT
MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd.
(Formerly Known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.)
Link Intime India Private Limited 
C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg, 
Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai - 400 083, 
Maharashtra.
Tel No: +91 22 49186000 
Fax: +91 22 49186060
REGISTERED OFFICE ADDRESS
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West) Mumbai – 400 080
Ph No: 022-49712001 / 49717220/49717221
CORPORATE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
L24299MH2021PLC365904
22
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 15 =====
Statutory 
Reports

===== PAGE 16 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Economy Overview
Global Economy1 
The global economy in CY 2024 exhibited steady advancement, 
demonstrating resilience amid persistent geopolitical and 
macroeconomic uncertainties. The global economy expanded by 
3.3%, reflecting a year of steady recovery. This growth was primarily 
propelled by Emerging Market and Developing Economies 
(EMDEs), which posted a robust 4.3% growth, while advanced 
economies registered a more subdued 1.8%. In terms of market 
exchange rates, world output was estimated at $110.5 trillion, while 
in Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) terms, it reached $196.1 trillion, 
reflecting sustained economic resilience. Overall, these figures 
reaffirm the resilience of the global economy and also highlight 
recalibration of growth dynamics towards emerging economies, 
which continue to anchor the pace of worldwide expansion. 
Global inflation continued its descent in CY 2024, with headline 
levels easing to 5.7%. Emerging and developing economies 
recorded inflation at 5.5%, showing signs of price stabilisation. 
Global trade volumes expanded despite uncertainties around 
US tariff interventions on crucial imports. While these measures 
introduced uncertainty in global trade, major economies adapted 
well, contributing to overall economic stability and moderate 
economic progress.
Outlook
Global economic growth is anticipated to moderate to 2.8% in CY 
2025, before slightly improving to 3.0% in CY 2026, indicating a 
phase of cautious optimism as the world economy recalibrates 
to evolving adjustments. Emerging Markets and Developing 
Economies (EDMEs) are expected to remain the primary drivers 
of growth, with expansion forecasts of 3.7% in CY 2025 and 3.9% 
in CY 2026. This performance is envisioned to be supported 
by resilient domestic demand and investment momentum. 
Conversely, advanced economies are likely to expand at a more 
measured pace, with projections of 1.4% and 1.5% in the same 
period, as they continue to navigate the effects of tight monetary 
policies and shifting trade dynamics. 
Global inflation is expected to ease further, declining to 4.3% in 
CY 2025 and to 3.6% in CY 2026, driven by stabilising commodity 
prices and improved supply chain conditions. Advanced 
economies are forecasted to record lower inflation levels 
compared to emerging markets.
Although geopolitical uncertainties persist as potential 
headwinds, government investments, fiscal discipline and 
improving market confidence will support economic stability and 
promote a more balanced and resilient global growth trajectory.
1https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2025/04/22/world-economic-outlook-april-2025
2https://rbidocs.rbi.org.in/rdocs/Bulletin/PDFs/0BULL22042025F03F83AE118C4B3B84E662D980C8DE33.PDF
GDP growth (%)
Indian Economy2 
The economy of India registered a robust 6.5% growth in FY25, 
fuelled by steady domestic demand, favourable agricultural 
conditions and monsoon, a rebound in manufacturing industries 
and sustained growth in services sector. Government expenditure 
in infrastructure coupled with the sound financial health of 
banks and corporates provided additional economic momentum. 
Retail inflation declined to 4.6% in FY25, marking the third 
consecutive year of decline, reflecting the judicious monetary 
stance of the Reserve Bank of India and the government’s focused 
interventions to provide price stability. 
Outlook
India’s real GDP growth for FY26 is projected at 6.5%, with a 
slight improvement to 6.7% in FY27, assuming a normal monsoon 
and no major disruptions. This outlook is driven by steady rural 
demand, improving urban consumption and rising investments. 
Financing activities are expected to stay strong, supported by 
high-capacity utilisation, robust financial health of the banking 
sector and continued government spending on infrastructure. 
Inflation is expected to stay stable at around 4.0% in FY26, 
aligning with RBI’s target. Moderating crude oil prices, balanced 
demand-supply dynamics and supportive policy measures are 
anticipated to keep inflationary pressures under control.
World GDP Growth Trends
Global 
Economy
Advanced 
Economies
EMDs
3.3%
1.8%
4.3%
2.8%
1.4%
3.7%
3.0%
1.5%
3.9%
P – Projected
Source: IMF 2024 2025 (P) 2026 (P)
FY 2025
FY 2026 (P)
FY 2027 (P) 6.7%
6.5%
6.5%
P – Projected
Source: RBI Bulletin
24
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 17 =====
3 4 5 6 https://www.bain.com/insights/healing-the-world-a-roadmap-for-making-india-a-global-pharma-exports-hub/
7https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/global-active-pharmaceutical-ingredients-api-market
Industry Overview
Pharmaceutical Industry
Global3
The global pharmaceutical market, valued at an estimated $1.6 
trillion in 2024, is foreseen to climb to $2.4 trillion by 2030, driven 
by an aging population, heightened incidence of chronic illnesses 
and advancements in biopharma. Growth will also be supported 
by personalised medicine and the expanding generics segment, 
which is set to grow from $460 billion to $790 billion as key 
patents expire and demand for affordable options rises. Artificial 
Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) are reshaping the 
industry by expediting drug discovery and reducing time-to-
market. Emerging economies like India are strengthening their 
role in global supply chains and exports. Despite regulatory 
hurdles and pricing pressures, the sector’s adaptability and 
commitment to sustainability are expected to reinforce its long-
term growth and its contribution to global healthcare.
Indian4 
India’s pharmaceutical industry, valued at $58 billion in 2025, 
is the world’s largest producer of generic medicines, supplying 
20% of global demand and 40% of the US market. With 3,000 
drug companies, 10,000 manufacturing units and upwards 
of 650 USFDA-approved facilities, India is recognised as the 
‘Pharmacy of the World.’ The sector has robust capabilities in 
manufacturing, R&D, biotechnology and complex generics and 
its exports reached $27 billion in 2023. It is expected to further 
grow to $120–130 billion by 2030 and $400–450 billion by 2047, 
driven by rising incidence of lifestyle diseases, personalised 
medicine and an aging population. Policy support through PLI 
schemes and FDI-friendly regulations is bolstering self-reliance 
and exports, while advancements in biotechnology, AI-driven 
drug discovery and telemedicine are opening new pathways to 
growth. With these developments, India aims to capture 5% of 
the global pharma market by 2030, further consolidating its role 
as a global healthcare leader.
~1,520
~1,510
~1,500
US Germany
India is the third-largest nation in terms of pharma exports by 
volume
Pharmaceutical exports (2023) in thousands of tons
8,500
1,500
1,000
500
China
~8,500
~1,710
France India
0
Note: Data for relevant 6-digit India Trade Classification Harmonized System (ITC-HS) 
codes pertaining to active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), formulations, biosimilars, and 
vaccines taken based on India exports data to enable like-for-like comparison
Source: Trade Map
Source: Bain & Company Report5
Growth Drivers6  
Resilient Supply Networks: India is strengthening its domestic 
manufacturing ecosystem to reduce over-reliance on single-
source suppliers. Initiatives such as Make in India and the PLI 
scheme are promoting self-sufficiency and are minimising risks 
associated with supply chain disruptions. 
R&D Excellence and Quality Focus: The industry is intensifying 
investments in research and development to create advanced 
medicines, even as it adheres to rigorous global quality 
standards to remain competitive in international markets.
Evolution to High-value CDMO/CRO Models: Companies 
are progressively shifting from generics-centric approach to 
premium, innovative and specialised products. This is being 
facilitated by establishing partnerships with CDMOs and 
CROs for drug development and research services.
Regulatory Alignment and Simplification: Efforts are 
being made to streamline complex regulatory frameworks 
and expedite approval processes. This is enabling Indian 
pharmaceuticals to enter global markets in a prompt manner.
Surge in Pharmaceutical Investments: Rising private equity 
and venture capital interest is channelling significant funds 
into pharma and biotech research, propelling innovation and 
expansion in advanced medicines.
AI-Powered Digital Transformation: Artificial Intelligence 
and digital tools are being utilised to accelerate drug discovery, 
enhance efficiency in research and optimise large-scale 
pharmaceutical operations.
Sustainability and ESG Leadership: The industry is 
embedding eco-friendly and socially responsible practices 
to meet global ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) 
standards, ensuring long-term sustainable growth.
Active Pharmaceuticals Ingredients (API) Industry
Global7 
The global Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) market is 
witnessing rapid expansion, fuelled by ascending healthcare 
demand, rising incidence of chronic diseases and sustained 
pharmaceutical innovation. Heightened R&D investments 
have improved the efficiency, quality and sustainability of API 
production, while regulatory reforms are accelerating approvals 
and broadening access to medicines. Valued at $232.13 billion in 
2025, the market is expected to reach about USD 328.94 billion by 
2030, growing at a 7.22% CAGR. 
Key growth drivers include the rising demand for biologics and 
biosimilars to treat complex diseases, alongside the expansion of 
generic APIs with key drug patents expiring. The Asia-Pacific 
region, led by India and China, is emerging as a global production 
hub due to government support and healthcare investments. 
North America and Europe remain strong markets for APIs for 
advanced therapies and precision medicine. 
SR
25
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 18 =====
With technological progress, supportive regulations and greater 
global collaboration, the API industry is set to play a crucial role 
in augmenting medicine accessibility and shaping sustainable 
healthcare worldwide. 
Indian8
The Indian Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) industry, 
estimated at $14.77 billion in 2025 and projected to reach $22.02 
billion by 2030 at a CAGR of 8.31%. This trajectory of growth 
is expected to be facilitated by rising healthcare demand, the 
growing incidence of chronic ailments and strong global reliance 
on affordable, high-quality generics. Equipped with advanced 
manufacturing facilities, a skilled talent pool and robust R&D 
capabilities, India has cemented its position as a global leader. 
The nation’s critical role was highlighted during the COVID-19 
pandemic when its contribution in the global supply chain 
came to the fore. India is also advancing in high-value APIs for 
treatments, such as oncology, cardiovascular and anti-infective 
diseases, strengthening both generic and specialty segments. 
Favourable policies, FDIs and the PLI scheme are further driving 
local production and reducing import dependence. In addition, 
investments in sustainable practices such as green chemistry, 
along with digital manufacturing, AI-driven drug discovery 
and biopharmaceutical innovations, are shaping the industry’s 
future. With its focus on innovation, quality and sustainability, 
India is well-positioned to lead the next phase of global 
pharmaceutical growth.
8 https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/india-active-pharmaceutical-ingredients-market
9https://www.techsciresearch.com/report/india-paracetamol-market/5139.html
10https://www.chemanalyst.com/industry-report/paracetamol-market-3152
11https://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/global-chemical-industry-outlook-89294716.html
12 https://www.ey.com/en_in/insights/chemicals/catalyzing-growth-india-s-chemicals-and-petrochemicals-drive-growth
Growth Drivers
Rising Chronic Diseases: The rising incidence of long-term 
illnesses, such as diabetes, cardiovascular disorders and cancer 
continues to fuel demand for specialised APIs in treatments.
Growth of Generic Medicines:  The expiry of major drug 
patents is driving the production of affordable generic 
APIs worldwide.
Advancements in Biologics and Biotechnology: The 
surge in biologics and complex biologic drugs is creating 
a need for sophisticated API manufacturing, thereby 
expanding the market.
Government Support and Regulatory Reforms: Favourable 
policies and streamlined approvals help accelerate innovation 
and global market access.
Technological Innovations: Use of AI, digital tools and 
advanced manufacturing improves efficiency, quality and 
speeds up drug development.
Paracetamol Industry in India9
The paracetamol industry in India is a rapidly growing and 
vital part of the country’s pharmaceutical sector, valued at USD 
1.36 billion in 2024 and projected to reach USD 1.75 billion by 
2030, with a CAGR of 4.46% during 2025-2030. Globally, the 
paracetamol market volume was approximately 275 thousand 
tonnes in 2024 and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 4.53% 
through 2035,10 reflecting strong continued demand worldwide. 
In India, paracetamol is widely used for pain relief and fever 
reduction, driven by common ailments such as headaches, 
arthritis, and fevers, alongside a growing trend of self-medication 
with over-the-counter (OTC) products. The industry’s growth 
is supported by expanding healthcare infrastructure, increased 
health awareness, rising disposable incomes, and better access to 
pharmacies and online health platforms, especially in tier II and 
III cities and rural areas. North India leads in production due to 
its well-developed manufacturing infrastructure and proximity 
to raw material suppliers, while technological advances, such 
as cost-effective manufacturing processes and digital health 
innovations are enhancing India’s self-reliance in paracetamol 
production. The sector faces challenges including price 
sensitivity among consumers, cost pressures on manufacturers 
and regulatory needs to ensure quality and safe use amid intense 
competition and raw material supply vulnerabilities.
Chemical Sector
Global11 
The global chemical industry is set to grow from USD 6,182 
billion in 2024 to USD 6,324 billion by 2025, spurred by growing 
demand for innovative and advanced materials that support 
the energy transition, including battery chemicals, lightweight 
composites and sustainable feedstocks. Critical industries, such as 
automotive, construction and electronics, remain crucial drivers 
of demand. The Asia-Pacific region, especially China, is leading 
growth, while Europe navigates structural challenges. Looking 
ahead, specialty chemicals are poised to play an increasingly 
critical role across sectors such as automotive, electronics, 
agriculture, pharmaceuticals and personal care. Breakthroughs 
in biodegradable products, bio-based chemicals and sustainable 
manufacturing are shaping a greener, more efficient future. 
Companies embracing digitalisation, sustainability and resilient 
supply chain strategies are expected to thrive and strengthen the 
industry’s global influence.
Indian12 
Currently valued at an estimated $250 billion, India’s chemical 
industry remains a crucial pillar of sectors, such as agriculture, 
pharmaceuticals, textiles and construction. As the sixth-largest 
26
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 19 =====
13https://www.grandviewresearch.com/industry-analysis/specialty-chemicals-market
Growth Drivers
Demand for Innovative Materials: Growing requirement 
for advanced materials, such as battery chemicals, 
lightweight composites and sustainable feedstocks is fuelling 
industry growth.
Expansion in Key Industries: Notable growth in automotive, 
construction, electronics, agriculture, pharmaceuticals and 
personal care sectors continues to strengthen market traction. 
Focus on Sustainability: Innovation in biodegradable 
products, bio-based chemicals and sustainable manufacturing 
practices are steering the sector towards a greener future.
Digitalisation and Supply Chain Innovation: Deployment of 
digital technologies and advanced supply chain solutions is 
enhancing efficiency and competitiveness.
Strong Asia-Pacific Growth: The Asia-Pacific region, led by 
China and India, continues to be a major growth hub due to 
investments and favourable policies.
Growth Drivers
Increasing Demand Across Industries: Heightened demand 
across agriculture, automotive, aerospace, pharmaceuticals, 
food and beverages, electronics and personal care are elevating 
specialty chemical consumption.
Shift Towards Eco-Friendly Solutions: A pronounced 
shift towards biodegradable and sustainable chemicals, 
spurred by environmental imperatives is promoting 
innovation market growth.
Customisation and Innovation: Companies are investing 
heavily in R&D to develop high-performance, tailor-made 
chemicals that meet specific industry requirements.
Technological Advancements:  Integration of cutting-edge 
technologies is improving product quality, manufacturing 
efficiency and widening the scope of applications.
Global Expansion and Market Penetration: Rising demand 
in emerging economies and global expansion strategies 
strengthening market presence and competitiveness.
producer in the world, it is envisioned to grow to $300 billion 
by 2025 and $383 billion by 2030, driven by strong domestic 
demand, rising exports, supportive government policies 
and new technologies. National initiatives, such as the PLI 
scheme, Make in India and Aatmanirbhar Bharat are enhancing 
competitiveness and attracting capital inflows. With a sharper 
focus on innovation, green chemistry and digitalisation, the 
sector is unlocking new opportunities, while positioning India 
more prominently on the global stage. By 2040, the industry aims 
to reach $1 trillion in market size, growing at a 9.3% CAGR. This 
momentum is expected to be fuelled by higher consumption, 
diverse industrial uses, expansion into new markets and R&D 
excellence. Investments through PCPIRs (Petroleum, Chemicals 
and Petrochemical Investment Regions) and plastic parks are 
set to catalyse this this trajectory. In parallel, the industry is 
embracing sustainability, decarbonisation and circular economy 
practices. With its strategic location, skilled workforce and cost 
advantages, India is set to become a major global chemical hub, 
delivering solutions that resonate worldwide. 
Specialty Chemical Industry
Global13 
The global specialty chemicals industry, with a valuation 
of $780.3 billion in 2024, represents a critical segment of the 
broader chemical industry. Unlike bulk chemicals, specialty 
chemicals are manufactured in relatively smaller volumes yet 
command higher value owing to their distinctive functionalities. 
They enhance manufacturing efficiency and elevate product 
performance across diverse sectors, such as agriculture, 
automotive, aerospace, pharmaceuticals, food and beverages, 
electronics and personal care. Projected to expand to $1,054.7 
billion by 2033 at a CAGR of 3.23%, the market’s growth is being 
propelled by surging demand for customised, high-performance 
solutions and a growing preference for eco-friendly alternatives. 
Intensified R&D investments by companies are enabling the 
production of innovative, tailor-made products that advance 
sustainability, diversify portfolios and reinforce their presence 
around the world.
 Indian
The specialty chemical sector in India is experiencing substantial 
growth. This performance can be attributed to the ascending 
demand in personal care, construction and pharmaceuticals, 
coupled with rapid urbanisation and improved living standards. 
The government’s thrust on R&D initiatives and infrastructure 
development is providing further momentum. The sector’s 
portfolio includes agrochemicals, dyes, pigments and 
pharmaceutical ingredients, which are indispensable to multiple 
value chains. Looking ahead, opportunities are abundant, 
provided the industry strengthens innovation through greater 
R&D investments and leverages its cost-efficient manufacturing 
base. Challenges such as dependence on imported raw materials 
remain, yet favourable polices, the ‘China plus one’ strategy 
and government initiatives in technology and innovation are 
steering greater production of high-value specialty chemicals. 
With escalating global demand in areas, such as electric vehicles, 
green energy and digital infrastructure, the nation is poised to 
expand its footprint and establish itself as a major player in the 
international specialty chemical landscape. 
SR
27
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 20 =====
Company Overview
Valiant Laboratories Limited, a part of the distinguished 
Aarti Group, is a leading name in the Indian Pharmaceutical 
landscape. Established in 1980, the Company is engaged in the 
manufacturing of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), 
with a main focus on Paracetamol. Over the past four decades, 
the Company has earned a reputation as a reliable supplier 
in the industry. 
The Company operates an advanced manufacturing facility at 
Tarapur Industrial Estate, Maharashtra. The facility benefits from 
proximity to major ports, ensuring efficiency in exports. Valiant 
Laboratories is known for its strong research and development, 
which helps it innovate and grow. Backed by a skilled team of 
79 employees, the Company continues to deliver steady revenue 
growth, while expanding and channelling its investments 
towards new projects. 
Strengths and Opportunities
Experienced leadership and strategic vision: Valiant 
Laboratories Limited is steered by a leadership team 
with over four decades of experience in the chemical 
and pharmaceutical sectors. The promoters’ vision has 
empowered the Company to remain agile in a dynamic 
environment, make sound strategic choices and effectively 
navigate industry regulations. This wealth of experience the 
formation of strategic alliances, drives operational excellence 
and upholds high standards of product quality, leading to 
long-term, sustainable growth and profitability.
Focus on domestic sourcing and reliable supply chain: 
By prioritising domestic sourcing, the Company reduces 
its dependence on volatile global supply chains, while 
strengthening ties with local vendors. Additionally, 
this strategy builds resilience in its operations, helps 
maintain quality and supports the broader Indian 
manufacturing ecosystem. 
Commitment to R&D and innovation: Guided by a vision 
for sustainable progress, Valiant Laboratories consistently 
invests in research and development to stay ahead of 
industry trends, discover new molecules and improve 
existing products. Through its subsidiary Valiant Advance 
Sciences Pvt. Ltd., the Company has spent considerable 
amount on development of new chemistries that is essential 
for diversification. This commitment positions the Company 
for continued growth and value creation, as highlighted in 
its stated dedication to “future-ready growth and enhanced 
value creation”.
Strong corporate values and governance: The Company’s 
emphasis on ethical practices, excellence and stakeholder 
value is reflected in its transparent corporate governance and 
responsible management. These values reinforce its standing 
as a dependable partner within the industry, building 
confidence among customers, partners and investors.
Rising demand for Paracetamol: Valiant Laboratories can 
benefit from increasing demand for paracetamol APIs by 
ramping up production and expanding its market reach. As 
consumers increasingly seek effective and accessible pain 
relief medication, the Company is well-positioned to capture 
a larger share of this expanding demand and consolidate its 
presence in the pharmaceutical landscape.
Favourable government support: The Company stands 
to benefit from favourable policy measures including the 
Production Linked Incentive scheme, which aim to promote 
API production in India. By actively engaging in such 
initiatives, the Company gains access to financial incentives 
and infrastructure support that can expedite its growth. 
Complete Backward Integration: Complete backward 
integration, with both major key starting materials 
manufactured within the Group companies, will not only 
reduce exposure to supply chain risks but also strengthen 
customer confidence, encouraging higher business volumes.
Growth Strategies
Diversification into new chemistries and sectors: Valiant 
Laboratories, through its subsidiary, is establishing a state of 
the art facility in Gujarat to manufacture specialty chemicals 
such as ketene and diketene derivatives. These products will 
cater to a wide range of industries, such as agrochemicals, 
pharmaceuticals, dyes, pigments and fragrances. This strategic 
diversification reduces dependence on a single product line 
while opening access to a broader customer base.
Expanding market share: As the demand for paracetamol and 
other OTC and self-care medicines continues to rise, Valiant 
Laboratories strives to increase its presence in the domestic API 
market. By building new customer relationships and nurturing 
existing ones, the Company aims to capture a greater market 
share and leverage the ongoing positive pricing momentum. 
Boosting efficiency through backward integration: The 
Company is enhancing its operational efficiency by producing 
critical raw materials, such as acetic anhydride, in-house, while 
also supplying surplus volumes to external buyers. This approach 
strengthens quality control, lowers costs, reduces supply chain 
risks and reduces reliance on external suppliers, thereby driving 
more effective operations.
Strengthening international footprint: Valiant Laboratories 
is intensifying its global expansion, with a particular focus on 
regulated markets. The Company aims to become a preferred API 
supplier for international pharmaceutical companies. Through 
timely certifications and strategic overseas partnerships, the 
Company aspires to cement its position in export markets. The 
Company’s ISO 9001:2015 certified manufacturing facility and 
ongoing market research support sustained growth domestically 
and internationally.
Strengths
Opportunities
28
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 21 =====
Future-ready commitment and value creation: Valiant Laboratories remains committed to future-ready growth, sustained innovation 
and enhanced value creation for stakeholders. Guided by an experienced leadership team, the Company stays agile and well-positioned 
to leverage emerging opportunities in the pharmaceutical sector.
Financial Performance
The total revenue of the Company decreased from H 1,820.52 million in FY24 to H 1,333.62 in FY25. The PBT decreased from H (7.53) 
million in FY24 to H (14.48) million in FY 25, resulting in a margin of -1.09%. The PAT decreased from H 3.40 million in FY24 to H (21.50) 
million in FY25, with a margin of -1.61%
Particulars FY25 FY24 FY23 FY22
Total Revenue 1,333.62 1,820.52 3,339.10 2,915.23
Revenue growth (in %) -27.00% -45.00% 14.54 59.85
EBITDA   7.52 12.73 350.91 423.18
EBITDA Margin (%)  0.56% 0.70% 10.51 14.52
Profit Before Tax (PBT) -14.48 -7.53 381.36 417.04
PBT Margin (%) -1.09% -0.41% 11.42 14.31
Profit After Tax (PAT) -21.50 3.40 289.98 274.96
PAT Margin (%) -1.61% 0.19% 8.56 9.37
Capital Employed 2,963.34 2,983.65 1,622.39 1,323.85
ROCE (%)  -0.43% -0.29% 22.76 35.75
ROE (%)  -0.91% 0.20% 33.73 34.36
Debt to equity ratio     0.25   0.36 0.59 0.85
Operational Parameters
Top 3 customers (in J million) 229.29 215.17 698.37 476.84
Top 5 customers (in J million) 336.35 328.87 989.55 682.26
Total Quantity sold (MT) 4,960.30 5,640.21 5,932.84 4,212.49
Average Revenue per Quantity sold (in J per MT) 2,53,072.82 317,386.55 562,816.80 692,044.00
Risk Impact Mitigation Strategy
Competition and pricing 
pressure.
Profits may decline and some products 
might become unviable.
Adds new and advanced products, cuts costs, 
updates portfolio to stay competitive.
Economic or political instability Uncertainty and potential risks may 
intensify in regions experiencing political 
unrest.
Regularly reviews situations in various economies; 
secures payments ahead of time if needed.
Not following quality standards 
or regulations
May result in fines, compliance notices, or 
damage to reputation.
Checks rules regularly, builds a strong quality 
culture and upgrades processes.
Lawsuits over intellectual 
property or taxes
May affect the launch of new products 
due to patent issues; possible legal/tax 
challenges.
Reviews possible patent issues first, follows all 
legal rules carefully.
Big swings in raw material 
prices
May result in sudden elevation in costs, 
hurting profits and planning.
Regularly checks raw material markets and finds 
ways to manage price fluctuations.
Delays in getting product 
approvals
Slows entry into markets, hurting sales and 
growth.
Closely reviews approvals process and ensures 
prompt response to regulatory questions.
Currency and international 
business risks
Profits and investments may be impacted 
due to currency fluctuations.
Implements hedging to mitigate risks arising from 
currency swings.
Cybersecurity threats Cyber-attacks can cause financial and 
reputation loss.
Strengthens cyber systems and addresses new 
risks in a prompt manner.
Supply chain disruptions Rising costs or inability to meet customer 
needs if supplies are delayed/disrupted.
Monitors key supplies, engages with local 
suppliers where possible and finds alternatives.
Failure in big projects Missed targets can cut profits and 
slowdown investment returns.
Evaluates projects carefully, monitors progress 
and keeps strict controls.
Risk Management
SR
29
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 22 =====
Quality Control
The Company places significant emphasis on quality across 
every facet of its operations. Its management systems, both at 
the manufacturing facility and at the head office are certified to 
meet ISO 9001:2015 standards. The Company also holds a Good 
Manufacturing Practices (GMP) certification for production and 
export of bulk drugs and APIs, highlighting its adherence to 
global benchmarks of quality. 
Quality checks are implemented at every stage of operations– 
from procuring raw materials, during production, to storing the 
final products. The Company’s advanced laboratory equipped 
with advanced analytical tools, ensures that each product is 
scrutinised with precision before reaching the market. These 
measures enable the Company consistently deliver safe and 
reliable products to its customers.
Human Resource
In FY25, the Company continued to nurture a workplace that 
values diversity, promotes talent and cultivates a culture of 
collaboration and inclusivity. The Company has expanded its 
employee development initiatives, offering comprehensive 
training programmes that encompass advanced product and 
process expertise, behavioural and sales skill enhancement, self-
management and robust fraud and risk management modules.
By leveraging sophisticated HR analytics, the Company ensures 
smooth leadership transitions through strategic succession 
planning, with a strong focus on aligning leadership capabilities 
with organisational goals. Employee engagement has been 
enriched through diverse platforms, such as quarterly newsletters, 
interactive virtual sessions, workshops and confluences designed 
to build connection with business leaders. These initiatives 
provide a stage to showcase talent and strengthens bonds by 
involving the families of employees. 
79
Permanent Employees on the payroll of the 
Company as on 31st March, 2025
Internal Control Systems and Adequacy
The Company has in place strong internal control procedures 
commensurate with its size and operations. The Company 
believes that safeguarding of assets and business efficiency 
can be prolonged by exercising adequate internal controls and 
standardising operational processes. The internal control and 
risk management system is structured and applied in accordance 
with the principles and criteria established in the corporate 
governance code of the organisation. It is an integral part of the 
general organisational structure of the Company and Group 
and involves a range of personnel who act in a coordinated 
manner while executing their respective responsibilities. The 
Board of Directors offers its guidance and strategic supervision 
to the Executive Directors and management, monitoring and 
support committees.
Cautionary Statement
The statements made in the Management Discussion and Analysis 
describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates, 
expectations may be “forward-looking statements” within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual 
results could differ from those expressed or implied. Important 
factors that could make a difference to the Company’s operations 
include economic conditions affecting demand-supply and price 
conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the 
Company operates, changes in the government regulations, tax 
laws and other statutes and other incidental factors.
To support talent retention and motivation, the Company 
provides competitive compensation packages paired with 
attractive long-term incentives, reinforcing its commitment to 
building a high-performance and future-ready workforce.
30
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 23 =====
Report of the Board of Directors 
To the Members, 
The Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”) are pleased to present the 4 th (Fourth) Annual Report of Valiant 
Laboratories Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Company” or “VLL”)  on the business and operations of the Company together 
with the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 (hereinafter referred to as “year under review”).
1. CORPORATE OVERVIEW AND GENERAL INFORMATION
 The Company was originally formed as a partnership firm under the Indian Partnership Act, 1932, under the name and style 
of “M/s. Bharat Chemicals”. Subsequently, the partnership firm, M/s. Bharat Chemicals was converted into a public limited 
company under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”) with the name “Valiant 
Laboratories Limited” pursuant to certificate of incorporation dated August 16, 2021, issued by Central Registration Centre, 
Registrar of Companies. 
 On October 06, 2023, the Company successfully completed the Initial Public Offering (IPO) process and the equity shares of the 
Company were listed on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and the BSE Limited (“BSE”).
2. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(H In Lakhs)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2024-25 2023-24 2024-25 2023-24
Revenue from Operations 13,336.18 18,205.24 13,338.20 18,205.72
Other Income 542.81 968.15 543.48 968.15
Profit/loss before Depreciation, Finance Costs, 
Exceptional items and Tax Expense
75.21 127.32 75.53 127.39
Less: Depreciation/ Amortisation/ Impairment 202.46 194.79 209.26 196.56
Profit /loss before Finance Costs, Exceptional items and 
Tax Expense
(127.25) (67.47) (133.73) (69.17)
Less: Finance Costs 17.53 7.78 17.53 7.78
Profit /loss before Exceptional items and Tax Expense (144.78) (75.25) (151.26) (76.95)
Add/(less): Exceptional items - - - -
Profit /loss before Tax Expense (144.78) (75.25) (151.26) (76.95)
Less: Tax Expense (Current & Deferred) 70.24 (109.29) 68.86 (108.91)
Profit /(loss) for the year (1) (215.02) 34.03 (220.12) 31.96
Total Comprehensive Income/loss (2) (2.26) 17.54 (2.40) 17.54
Total (1+2) (217.28) 51.57 (222.52) 49.50
Retained Earnings as on the closure of Financial Year 4,995.74 5,210.75 4,988.11 5,208.68
 The Financial Statements for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 have been prepared in accordance with the 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including 
the Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS) specified under 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read 
with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended. 
3. COMPANY’S PERFORMANCE/STATE OF 
AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY
 On a Standalone basis, the Revenue from Operations 
for FY 2024-25 was H 13,336.18 Lakhs, lower by 26.75% 
over the previous year’s Revenue from Operations of  
H 18,205.24 Lakhs. The profit after tax (“PAT”) attributable 
to shareholders for FY 2024-25 was H (215.02) Lakhs as 
against H 34.03 lakhs for FY 2023-24. 
 On a consolidated basis, the Revenue from Operations 
for FY 2024-25 was H 13,338.20 Lakhs, lower by 26.74% 
over the previous year’s Revenue from Operations of  
H 18,205.72 Lakhs. The profit after tax (“PAT”) attributable 
to shareholders for FY 2024-25 was H (220.12) Lakhs as 
against H 31.96 Lakhs for FY 2023-24. 
 On a Standalone basis, Earning per share stood at H (0.50) 
(Basic) and H (0.50) (Diluted) in FY 2024-25 as compared to  
H 0.14 (Basic) and H 0.14 (Diluted) in FY 2023-24. 
 On a Consolidated basis, Earning per share stood at H (0.51) 
(Basic) and H (0.51) (Diluted) in FY 2024-25 as compared to  
H 0.13 (Basic) and H 0.13 (Diluted) in FY 2023-24.
4. CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS
 During the year under review, there was no change in the 
nature of business of the Company.
SR
31
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 24 =====
5. SHARE CAPITAL
 Authorized Share Capital
 The Authorized Share Capital of the Company as on March 
31, 2025, is H 60,00,00,000 (Rupees Sixty Crore Only) divided 
into 6,00,00,000 Equity Shares of H 10/- each. 
 Increase in Authorized Share Capital
 During the year under review, the Company on December 
19, 2024, by way of a postal ballot procedure, approved the 
increase of Authorized Share Capital of the Company from 
H 45,00,00,000 divided into 4,50,00,000 equity shares of H 10 
each to H 60,00,00,000 divided into 6,00,00,000 equity shares 
of H 10 each, consequent to alteration of the Capital Clause 
of the Memorandum of Association.
 Paid up and subscribed share capital 
 The paid up and subscribed share capital of the Company 
as on March 31, 2025 is H 43,45,00,000 (Rupees Forty- Three 
Crore Forty- Five Lakhs Only) comprising of 4,34,50,000 
Equity Shares having face value of H10/- each.
 Rights Issue
 The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held 
on July 09, 2025, approved the offer and issuance of equity 
shares by way of a Rights Issue for an amount not exceeding 
H8,146.88 Lakhs.
 Subsequently, the Rights Issue Committee constituted 
by the Board of Directors, in its meeting held on July 15, 
2025, approved the Rights Issue of 1,08,62,500 fully paid-up 
Equity Shares of face value of H10/- each for cash at a price 
of H75/- per share (including a premium of H65/- per equity 
share), aggregating up to H8,146.88 Lakhs, on a rights basis 
to the eligible equity shareholders.
 The Rights Issue shares were offered in the ratio of 1 (one) 
Rights Equity Share for every 4 (four) fully paid-up equity 
shares held by eligible shareholders as on the record date, 
i.e., July 19, 2025.
 The Rights Issue opened on July 28, 2025, and closed on 
August 08, 2025.
 Upon successful completion on August 13, 2025, and 
assuming full subscription of the Rights Issue, the post-issue 
paid-up share capital of the Company will stand increased 
to H54,31,25,000/- (Rupees Fifty-Four Crore Thirty-One 
Lakh Twenty-Five Thousand Only), comprising 5,43,12,500 
Equity Shares of face value of H10/- each.
6. DEVIATION & VARIATION
 In terms of Regulation 32 of Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (hereinafter referred to as “Listing 
Regulations”) a listed entity is required to report any 
deviation or variation with respect to funds raised through 
Public Issue, Rights Issue or Preferential Issue.
 In view of the above, the Company post its issue and listing 
of shares on October 06, 2023, reported deviation and 
variation through CARE Ratings Limited, the Monitoring 
Agency appointed in this regard. 
 The Monitoring Agency in its report for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2024, confirmed that the Company has fully 
utilised the net proceeds of the IPO.
7. CREDIT RATING
 The Company has been rated by CRISIL Limited (“CRISIL”) vide its letters dated April 04, 2024, August 22, 2024 and February 
18, 2025 for its banking facilities as follows:
Date Nature of facility Rating
April 4, 2024 Long term rating CRISIL A-/Negative 
August 22, 2024 Long term rating CRISIL BBB+/Negative  
(downgraded from 'CRISIL A-/Negative')
February 18, 2025 Long term rating CRISIL BBB/Negative  
(downgraded from ‘CRISIL BBB+/Negative’)
Date Nature of facility Rated Limits (millions) Rating
June 25, 2025 Fund-based working capital limits INR 550 IND BBB/Stable/IND A2
Non-fund-based working capital limits INR 10 IND A2
 The disclosures w.r.t. the said credit ratings were filed with the Stock Exchanges and the same is available on the website of the 
Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 Further, India Ratings and Research, vide its letter dated June 25, 2025 issued credit rating for the Company’s banking 
facilities as follows:
8. DIVIDEND
 With a view to conserve resources for expansion of business, the Directors of the Company have considered it prudent not to 
recommend any dividend for the year under review.
32
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 25 =====
 The Company has formulated a Dividend Distribution 
Policy in accordance with Regulation 43A of the Listing 
Regulations and the same is available on the Company’s 
website at www.valiantlabs.in.
9. TRANSFER TO RESERVES
 During the year under review, the Company has not 
transferred any amount of profit to the reserves.
10. DETAILS OF HOLDING/ SUBSIDIARY/ 
ASSOCIATE/ JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES
 As on March 31, 2025, the Company has 1 (One) wholly 
owned subsidiary, namely Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (VASPL). 
 In accordance with the provisions of the Act, read with 
the Listing Regulations and relevant Indian Accounting 
Standards (“Ind AS”), the Board of Directors at its meeting 
held on May 20, 2025, approved the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 
31, 2025, which forms an integral part of this Annual Report.
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, the 
financial statements of the Company, consolidated financial 
statements and separate audited financial statements in 
respect of subsidiary company are available on the website 
of the Company at www.valiantlabs.in. The same shall 
also be sent to the shareholders electronically who request 
for the same by sending e-mail to Company at investor@
valiantlabs.in from their registered e-mail address.
 A statement in Form AOC-1 as required under Section 129 
(3) of the Act, containing salient features of the financial 
statements of the subsidiary company is forming part of 
this Report in Annexure- I.
11. MATERIAL SUBSIDIARY
 In line with the provisions of Regulation 16(1)(c) of the 
Listing Regulations, VASPL falls under the purview of a 
material subsidiary of the Company for FY 2024-25. The 
Board of Directors of the Company has approved a policy 
for determining material subsidiaries which is in line with 
the requirements of Listing Regulations. The said Policy is 
available on the Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in. 
12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 The Company has formulated a policy on the Related Party 
Transactions and the same is available on the Company’s 
website at www.valiantlabs.in. 
 All the related party transactions are placed before the 
Audit Committee for their review and approval. Omnibus 
approval is obtained for the transactions which are 
repetitive in nature and also for the transactions which are 
not foreseen (subject to financial limit). A statement of all 
related party transactions is presented before the Audit 
Committee on a quarterly basis specifying the nature, value 
and terms & conditions of the transactions. 
 All transactions entered with related parties during 
the Financial Year 2024-25 were in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the Act, read with the relevant 
rules made thereunder, the Listing Regulations and the 
Company’s policy on related party transactions. 
 Further, all related party transactions entered into by the 
Company during the financial year under review were in 
the ordinary course of business, on an arms’ length basis and 
the same were in compliance with the applicable provisions 
of the Act, and the Listing Regulations, as specified under 
the provisions of Section 134(3)(h) of the Act, and Rule 8 
of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014. The details of 
related party transactions as required under Form AOC-2 
forms part of this Report in Annexure- II.
13. EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN
 The Annual Return of the Company as on March 31, 
2025, in Form MGT-7 in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 92(3) and Section 134 (3) (a) of the Act and Rule 
12 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, is available on the Company’s website at www.
valiantlabs.in. 
14. PARTICULARS OF CONSERVATION OF 
ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO
 Information pursuant to Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read 
with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is 
forming part of this report as Annexure- III. 
15. PARTICULARS OF DEPOSITS
 The Company has not accepted any deposits within the 
meaning of Section 73 of the Act, read with Rule 2(c) of the 
Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014, including 
any statutory modifications or re-enactments thereof, for 
the time being in force.
16. LOANS, GUARANTEES AND INVESTMENTS
 Pursuant to Section 186 of the Act and Schedule V of the 
Listing Regulations, disclosure on particulars relating 
to Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Investments are 
provided as part of the financial statements.
17. BOARD OF DIRECTORS & KEY MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL
 As on March 31, 2025, the Company has 7 (Seven) Directors 
on the Board of the Company, with an optimum combination 
of Executive and Non- Executive Directors including 1 
(One) Independent Woman Director. The Board comprises 
of 5 (Five) Non-Executive Directors, out of which 3 (Three) 
are Independent Directors. During the year under review, 
the Board met 4 (Four) times on May 14, 2024, August 12, 
2024, November 12, 2024, and February 07, 2025.
SR
33
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 26 =====
 During the year under review, the Non-Executive 
Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship 
or transactions with the Company, other than sitting 
fees and reimbursement of expenses, if any. Further, the 
Board of Directors and its Committees at their respective 
meeting(s) held on May 20, 2025, approved the payment of 
remuneration by way of commission to Mr. Shantilal Vora 
– Non Executive Director of the Company, for the Financial 
Year 2025-26 at the rate of 0.5% of the annual consolidated 
net profits of the Company (calculated as per Section 
198 of the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the approval 
of the members of the Company at the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting.
 Retirement by Rotation
 In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, 
read with provisions contained in the Articles of Association 
of the Company, Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 07633923) shall be 
liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company and, being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment. The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and the Board has recommended 
his re-appointment.
 Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations read 
with Secretarial Standards- II on General Meetings necessary 
details of Directors appointed on the Board of the Company 
are provided as an Annexure-IV to the notice of the AGM.
 Appointments and Resignations
 Appointments
 During the year under review, the following changes took 
place in the composition of the Board of Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company:
 1. Mr. Mulesh Savla (DIN: 07474847) was appointed as 
an Additional Non-Executive Independent Director of 
the Company for a term of five (5) years with effect 
from May 14, 2024. His appointment was subsequently 
regularized by the shareholders as a Non-Executive 
Independent Director at the Annual General Meeting 
held on August 8, 2024.
 2. Mr. Ashok Chheda (DIN: 10776571) was appointed as 
an Additional Non-Executive Independent Director of 
the Company for a term of five (5) years with effect 
from November 12, 2024. His appointment was 
subsequently regularized by the shareholders as a 
Non-Executive Independent Director through a postal 
ballot conducted on December 19, 2024, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
applicable rules.
 3. Ms. Prajakta Patil (ACS: 53370) was appointed as the 
Company Secretary, Compliance Officer, and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company with effect 
from May 14, 2024.
 Further, the Board of Directors and its Committees, at their 
respective meeting(s) held on August 08, 2025, approved the 
change in designation of Mr. Paresh Shah (DIN: 08291953), 
from Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer, to a 
Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company, with effect from September 25, 2025, for a term 
of five (5) years, subject to the approval of the members at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
 In this regard, the requisite details of Mr. Paresh Shah, 
pursuant to Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations, read 
with Secretarial Standard–2 on General Meetings, are 
provided in Annexure IV to the notice of the AGM.
 Additionally, at the meeting held on July 09, 2025, the Board 
of Directors and its Committees approved the appointment 
of Mr. Akshay Gangurde (ACS: 70561) as the Company 
Secretary, Compliance Officer, and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company with effect from July 09, 2025.
 Resignations
 1. Mr. Velji Gogri (DIN: 02714758) resigned from his 
position as a Non-Executive Independent Director 
with effect from November 12, 2024 due to his health 
concerns. There are no other material reasons for 
his resignation.
 2. Ms. Prajakta Patil (ACS: 53370) resigned from the 
position of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
with effect from June 15, 2025 to pursue alternate 
career opportunity.
 Director(s) Disclosure
 Based on the declarations and confirmations received from 
the Directors, none of the Directors of the Company are 
disqualified from being appointed/ continuing as Directors 
of the Company.
 A certificate of non - disqualification of directors obtained 
from M/s. Sunil M. Dedhia & Co is provided as Annexure II  
to the Report on Corporate Governance.
 Independent Directors’ Declaration
 The Company has received the necessary declaration 
from each Independent Director stating that they meet the 
criteria of independence as laid out in Section 149(6) and 
149(7) of the Act and Regulations 16(1)(b) and 25(8) of the 
Listing Regulations. The Company has also received from 
them declaration of compliance of Rule 6 (1) & (2) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) 
Rules, 2014, regarding online registration with the ''Indian 
Institute of Corporate Affairs'' at Manesar, for inclusion of 
name in the data bank of Independent Directors. 
 Familiarisation Programmes
 The Company has conducted Familiarisation programmes 
for the Independent Directors of the Company covering 
the matters as specified in Regulation 25(7) of the Listing 
Regulations. The details of the training and familiarisation 
programmes conducted by the Company are hosted on the 
Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in.
 Annual Evaluation of Directors, Committees and Board
 Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and as per the 
Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors carried out 
34
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 27 =====
annual performance evaluation of its own performance, 
the directors individually as well as the working of 
its Committees. 
 The performance of the Board as a whole and of its 
Committees was evaluated by the Board through structured 
questionnaire which covered various aspects such as 
the composition and quality, meetings and procedures, 
contribution to Board processes, effectiveness of the functions 
allocated, relationship with management, professional 
development, adequacy, appropriateness and timeliness of 
information etc.
 Taking into consideration the responses received from the 
Individual Directors to the questionnaire, performance of 
the Board and its Committees was evaluated. The Directors 
expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process.
 In terms of requirements of Schedule IV of the Act, 2 
(Two) meetings of the Independent Directors were held on 
February 7, 2025 and March 21, 2025 to review:
 (i) The performance of non-independent directors and 
the Board as a whole and its Committees thereof; 
 (ii) The performance of the Chairperson of the Company, 
taking into account the views of executive directors 
and non- executive directors;
 (iii) To assess the quality, quantity and timeliness 
of the flow of information between the 
Management and the Board.
 Performance evaluation of Independent Directors was done 
by the entire Board, excluding the Independent Director 
being evaluated.
 Statement regarding opinion of the Board with regard 
to integrity, expertise and experience (including the 
proficiency) of the Independent Directors appointed 
during the year: 
 With regard to integrity, expertise and experience 
(including the proficiency) of the Independent Directors 
appointed during the year under review, the Board of 
Directors have taken on record the declarations and 
confirmations submitted by the Independent Directors and 
is of the opinion that each Independent Director is a person 
of integrity and possesses relevant expertise and experience 
and his/her continued association as Director will be of 
immense benefit and in the best interest of the Company.
 Regarding proficiency of the Independent Directors, 
ascertained from the online proficiency self-assessment test 
conducted by the Institute, as notified under sub-section 
(1) of section 150 of the Act, the Board of Directors have 
taken on record the information submitted by Independent 
Director that he/she has complied with the applicable laws.
 Key Managerial Personnel
 In accordance with the provisions of Sections 2(51) and 
203 of the Act, read with the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014, the following are the Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company: 
 (i) Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director 
 (ii) Mr. Paresh Shah, Executive Director & Chief 
Financial Officer 
 (iii) Ms. Prajakta Patil, Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer (resigned w.e.f. June 15, 2025) 
 (iv) Mr. Akshay Gangurde, Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer (appointed w.e.f. July 09, 2025)
18. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 The Company has constituted various Board level 
committees in accordance with the requirements of the Act 
and the Listing Regulations. The Board has the following 
committees as under:
	 Audit Committee
	 Nomination and Remuneration Committee
	 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
	 Risk Management Committee
	 Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 Details of the above Committees along with composition 
and meetings held during the year under review are 
provided in the Corporate Governance Report forming part 
of this report.
19. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
 Pursuant to Section 134 (3) and 134(5) of the Act, Directors 
of the Company confirm that:
 a. in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable 
accounting standards have been followed along with 
proper explanation relating to material departures; 
 b. the Directors have selected appropriate accounting 
policies and applied them consistently and made 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and 
prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state 
of affairs of the Company at the end of the financial 
year and of the profit and loss of the company 
for that period;
 c. the Directors have taken proper and sufficient 
care for the maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of this 
Act for safeguarding the assets of the company 
and for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities;
SR
35
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 28 =====
 d. the annual accounts have been prepared on a 
going concern basis;
 e. the Directors have laid down proper internal financial 
controls to be followed by the Company and that 
such internal financial controls are adequate and are 
operating effectively; and
 f. the Directors have devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable 
laws and that such systems are adequate and are 
operating effectively.
20. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
WITH REFERENCE TO THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
 Internal Financial Controls are an integral part of the risk 
management process which in turn is a part of Corporate 
Governance addressing financial and financial reporting 
risks. The Internal Financial Controls have been documented 
and embedded in the business processes. The Company’s 
approach on Corporate Governance has been detailed in the 
Corporate Governance Report. The Company has deployed 
the principles enunciated therein to ensure adequacy of 
Internal Financial Controls with reference to:
	 Effectiveness and efficiency of operations
	 Reliability of financial reporting
	 Compliance with applicable laws and regulations
	 Prevention and detection of frauds
	 Safeguarding of assets
 The Company has defined policies and standard operating 
procedures for all key business processes to guide business 
operations in an ethical and compliant manner. Compliance 
of these policies is ensured through periodic self-assessment 
as well as internal and statutory audits. The Company has 
robust systems which are an integral part of internal control 
framework. The Company continues to constantly leverage 
technology in enhancing the internal controls.
 The Audit Committee of the Board reviews the internal 
processes, systems and the internal financial controls 
and accordingly, the Directors’ Responsibility Statement 
contains a confirmation regarding the adequacy of the 
internal financial controls. Assurances on the effectiveness 
of Internal Financial Controls is obtained through 
management reviews, self-assessments, continuous 
monitoring by functional heads as well as testing of the 
internal financial control systems by the internal auditors 
during the course of their audits. The Company believes 
that these systems provide reasonable assurance that the 
internal financial controls are designed effectively and are 
operating as intended.
 The Statutory Auditor’s Reports on Internal Financial 
Controls as required under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of 
Section 143 of the Act is annexed with the Independent 
Auditors’ Report.
21. VIGIL MECHANISM/ WHISTLE BLOWER 
POLICY
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 177(9) of the Act read 
with Rule 7 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its 
Powers) Rules, 2014, and in accordance with Regulation 
22 of the Listing Regulations, the Company has adopted  
‘Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy’ for Directors, 
Employees and other Stakeholders of the Company to 
report concerns about unethical behaviour. The policy 
provides a mechanism, which ensures adequate safeguards 
to Employees, Directors and other stakeholders from any 
victimisation on raising concerns of any violations of legal 
or regulatory requirements, incorrect or misrepresentation 
of any, financial statements and reports, and so on. The 
employees of the Company have the right/option to 
report their concern/grievance to the Chairman of the 
Audit Committee.
 During the year under review, the Company did not receive 
any complaints.
 The Company is committed to adhere to the highest 
standards of ethical, moral and legal conduct of business 
operations. The Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy is 
available on the Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in.
22. RISK MANAGEMENT
 For the Company, risk management is an integral and 
important aspect of Corporate Governance. The Company 
believes that a robust Risk Management Framework 
ensures adequate controls and monitoring mechanisms 
for smooth and efficient running of the business. A risk-
aware organization is better equipped to maximize 
shareholder value.
 The risk management objectives of the Company are: -
	 To safeguard the Company's and its subsidiaries' 
property & interest of all stakeholders.
	 To protect and enhance the corporate governance.
	 To manage risks within a framework & consistently 
achieve desired outcomes.
	 To implement a process to identify potential /
emerging risks.
	 To implement appropriate risk management 
initiatives, controls, incident monitoring, reviews and 
continuous improvement initiatives.
	 To minimize undesirable outcomes arising out of 
potential risks.
	 To align and integrate views of risk across 
the enterprise.
 To ensure protection of shareholder value through 
the establishment of an integrated Risk Management 
Framework for identifying, assessing, mitigating, 
36
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 29 =====
monitoring, evaluating and reporting of all risks and 
to continually strive towards strengthening the Risk 
Management System through continuous learning and 
improvement, the Company, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act and Listing Regulations has:
	 Formulated a risk management policy which is 
available on the website of the company at www.
valiantlabs.in. 
	 Constituted a Risk Management Committee, the 
details of which are provided in the Corporate 
Governance Report forming part of this Report.
 Risk management process: -
 The Company’s Risk Management Process encompasses 
the following steps:
23. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
 As the Company does not fall under any of the threshold 
limits given under the provisions of Section 135 of the 
Act, the compliances under CSR are not applicable 
to the Company. 
 The Company’s CSR Policy has been uploaded on 
Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in. 
 The brief terms of reference, particulars of meetings 
held and attendance thereat are mentioned in the 
Corporate Governance Report forming an integral part of 
this Annual Report.
24. DISCLOSURES UNDER SEXUAL 
HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE 
(PREVENTION, PROHIBITION & REDRESSAL) 
ACT, 2013
 In compliance with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment 
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013, (“POSH Act”) and Rules framed 
thereunder, the Company has formulated and implemented a 
policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal of complaints 
related to sexual harassment of women at the workplace.
 The Company is committed to providing a safe and 
conducive work environment to all its employees and 
associates. All women employees whether permanent, 
temporary or contractual are covered under the above 
policy. The said policy is available on the website of the 
Company for information of all employees at www.
valiantlabs.in. An Internal Complaints Committee has been 
set up in compliance with the POSH Act.
 Details of complaints received during the year under review 
under POSH Act are as under:
 a. Number of complaints filed during the 
financial year: NIL.
 b. Number of complaints disposed of during the 
financial year: NIL.
 c. Number of complaints pending as on end of the 
financial year: NIL.
 Further, during the year under review, the Company has 
complied with the provisions relating to the Maternity 
Benefit Act, 1961
25. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND 
EMPLOYEES
 Disclosures comprising particulars with respect to the 
remuneration of directors and employees, as required to 
be disclosed in terms of the provisions of Section 197(12) 
of the Act and Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
(Appointment and Remuneration Rules, 2014) is given as 
Annexure – IV forming part of this report.
 Further, for the details of employee remuneration as 
required under provisions of Section 197 of the Act read 
with Rule 5(2) & 5(3) of Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the 
members may write to the Company Secretary in this 
regard at investor@valiantlabs.in 
26. ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY (EHS)
 The Company recognizes the pivotal role of EHS in shaping 
the operations and upholding commitment to sustainability 
and responsible corporate citizenship. This encapsulates the 
Risk Identification
Root Cause Analysis
Risk Scoring
Risk Categorisation
Risk Mitigation
Risk Monitoring & Reporting
SR
37
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 30 =====
key EHS highlights from the previous years, underscoring 
the company’s dedication to fostering a culture of excellence 
in environmental stewardship, employee well-being, and 
safety across the chemical industry.
 As part of our continued commitment to sustainability, 
employee well-being, and regulatory compliance, Valiant 
Laboratories Limited has taken several key initiatives under 
the Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) program during 
the Financial Year 2024-25:
 1. Environment
	 Waste water treatment and ZLD
   The Company has installed a Mechanical 
Vapour Recompression (MVR) system along 
with a Reverse Osmosis (RO) plant to achieve 
Zero Liquid Discharge. This enables efficient 
treatment and recycling of all process wastewater 
within the facility, promoting responsible 
water management.
	 Air Emission Control
   Blowers and scrubbers have been installed to 
effectively reduce air emissions and maintain air 
quality in compliance with regulatory standards.
	 Energy Efficiency Measures
   The Company has transitioned to LED 
lighting across its operations to reduce energy 
consumption. Additionally, energy meters 
have been installed department-wise and on 
individual equipment to monitor and optimize 
energy usage on a continuous basis.
	 Environmental Awareness:
   The Company carries out tree plantation drives 
in the garden and green field zones of the facility. 
Regular maintenance of green areas is conducted 
to support long-term ecological balance.
 2. Health
  Annual health check-up camps were conducted for all 
employees, including staff and workers. In addition, 
the Company has arranged weekly on-site visits by 
a qualified medical practitioner to provide ongoing 
health consultations and support.
  These initiatives are aimed at fostering a safe and 
healthy workplace and ensuring early detection of 
potential health concerns.
 3. Safety: 
	 Workplace Safety Training:
   To ensure a safe and secure working environment, 
we provide regular training sessions on various 
safety topics for all employees and workers. 
These sessions include fire safety, electrical 
safety, PPE usage, emergency response and other 
workplace safety practices.
	 Mock Drill: 
   As part of our commitment to workplace safety, 
we regularly conduct mock drills at our Company 
to ensure that all employees are well-prepared to 
respond effectively during emergencies such as 
fires and chemical spills. 
   These mock drills help in testing our emergency 
response plan, identifying areas of improvement 
and building confidence among staff to act 
swiftly and safely during real situations.
   Our goal is to increase awareness, prevent 
accidents, and build a strong safety culture 
within the organization.
	 Safety Week: 
   We conduct safety week celebration every 
year to promote awareness and importance 
of workplace safety among all employees and 
workers. As part of the celebration we organize 
various activities such as safety training, mock 
drill, competitions awareness programs to 
strengthen our safety culture.
 Valiant Laboratories Limited continues to prioritize 
EHS as an integral part of its operational ethos, striving 
to build a resilient, sustainable, and safe workplace for 
all stakeholders. 
27. EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN (ESOP)
 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Board of 
Directors at their meetings held on January 4, 2023, approved 
“Valiant Laboratories – Employees Stock Option Plan – 2023” 
(hereinafter referred to as Plan) and grant of Employees Stock 
Options to employees of subsidiary company under the Plan. 
 Subsequently, the said Plan and grant of ESOP to the 
employees of subsidiary company was approved by the 
shareholders of the company at their meeting held on 
January 20, 2023. 
28. REPORT ON MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION 
AND ANALYSIS 
 The Report on Management Discussion and Analysis, 
pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34 read with Part 
B of Schedule V of Listing Regulations on the operations of 
the Company, as required under the Listing Regulations is 
provided in a separate section and forms an integral part of 
this Annual Report. 
29. REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Report on Corporate Governance, pursuant to the 
provisions of Regulation 34 read with Part C of Schedule 
V of Listing Regulations on the operations of the Company, 
as required under the Listing Regulations forms an integral 
part of this Annual Report.
38
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 31 =====
30. BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING (BRSR)
 The Listing Regulations stipulate that the top 1000 listed 
companies by market capitalization must include a 
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR) 
in their Annual Report. This requirement aims to 
enhance transparency and accountability regarding the 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices of 
these companies. However, the Company is not ranked 
among the top 1000 listed entities for the FY 2024-25. 
Consequently, the Company is not required to include 
the BRSR in the Annual Report for this period. However, 
the Company as a good governance practice has disclosed 
certain EHS related initiatives taken by the Company which 
can be referred to under the title Environment, Health and 
Safety (EHS) in clause 26 of this Report.
31. SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS 
PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS
 During the year under review, the Company received 
an order dated September 30, 2024 from the Judicial 
Magistrate First Class, Palghar (II Court), with respect to 
failure in adoption of effective measures for prevention of 
accumulation of static charges to a dangerous extent. This 
incident led to the unfortunate death of a plant operator and 
was deemed to be in contravention of 7-A(2)(a), Rule 115(1), 
and Rule 115(2) of the Maharashtra Factories Rules, 1963, 
read with Section 92 of the Factories Act, 1948. A penalty of 
H30,000 each was imposed on the occupier and the Factory 
Manager. This matter had no financial or operational impact 
on the Company.
 Except for the above, no material orders were passed by 
any regulators, courts, or tribunals during the year which 
could impact the Company’s going concern status or its 
future operations.
 However, members’ attention is invited to the statement 
on contingent liabilities provided in the notes to the 
Financial Statements.
32. MATERIAL TRANSACTIONS POST CLOSURE 
OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR
 Subsequent to the closure of the financial year, the 
Company undertook fund raising activity by issue of Equity 
shares by way of Rights Issue to strengthen its financial 
position and reduce existing debt obligations. Assuming 
full subscription, the Rights Issue process is expected to 
complete on August 12, 2025, resulting in a fund infusion of 
Rs. 8146.88 Lakhs into the Company.
 The proceeds from the Rights Issue shall be primarily 
utilized towards the repayment of unsecured loans, 
thereby improving the Company's debt-to-equity ratio and 
enhancing its overall financial stability. The Company has 
appointed India Ratings and Research Private Limited as 
the Monitoring Agency in this regard who shall monitor the 
utilisation and deviation of proceeds from the Rights Issue.
 Except for the above, there were no material transactions 
affecting the financial position of the Company during the 
period from the end of the financial year and until the date 
of this report.
33. DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR 
ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE 
INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 
2016 
 During the year under review, there was no application 
made and proceeding initiated/ pending by any Financial 
and/or Operational Creditors against your Company under 
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“the Code”). 
Further, there is no application or proceeding pending 
against your Company under the Code.
34. ONE-TIME SETTLEMENT WITH ANY BANK 
OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
 During the year under review, there was no instance of one-
time settlement with any bank or financial institution.
35. TRANSFER OF UNPAID/UNCLAIMED 
DIVIDEND TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND 
PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
 During the year under review, there was no requirement of 
transferring any unpaid/unclaimed dividend to IEPF.
36. AUDITORS AND REPORT OF THE AUDITORS
 Statutory Auditor
 As per the provisions of Section 139 and 141 of the Act 
and rules made thereunder, the Company at its 3 rd Annual 
General Meeting(“AGM”) held on August 08, 2024, 
approved the appointment of M/s. Raman S. Shah & Co., 
Chartered Accountants (FRN:111919W) as Statutory Auditor 
for a period of 5 years commencing from the conclusion of  
(3rd AGM) till the conclusion of the (7 th AGM) to be held in 
the year 2028-29.
 The Report of the Auditors is provided in a separate 
section and forms an integral part of this Annual Report. 
The Statutory Auditor’s report does not contain any 
qualification, reservation or adverse remark for the 
year under review.
 During the year under review, there were no instances of 
fraud which requires the Statutory Auditors to report the 
same to the Central Government under Section 143(12) of 
the Act and Rules framed thereunder.
 Cost Auditor
 As per the requirements of the Section 148 of the Act read 
with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 
as amended from time to time, the Company is required 
to maintain cost records and accordingly, such accounts 
are prepared and records have been maintained relating to 
Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Division.
SR
39
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 32 =====
 The Board of Directors at their meeting held on May 20, 
2025, on the recommendation of Audit Committee, has re-
appointed M/s. Ketki D. Visariya & Co., Cost Accountants, 
(Firm Registration Number: 000362) as the Cost Auditor of 
the Company to audit the cost accounts of the Company’s 
Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Division for the FY 2025-26. 
 As required under the Act, a resolution seeking 
shareholders’ ratification for the remuneration payable to 
the Cost Auditor forms part of the Notice convening the 
Annual General Meeting.
 Secretarial Auditor
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder, the Company had 
appointed CS Sunil M. Dedhia (COP No. 2031), Proprietor 
of Sunil M. Dedhia & Co., Company Secretary in Practice 
to undertake the Secretarial Audit of the Company for 
the financial year ending March 31, 2025. The Secretarial 
Audit Report in Annexure- V in Form MR-3 forms a part 
of this Report. 
 Further, pursuant to Regulation 24A of Listing Regulations 
read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024; the Annual 
Secretarial Compliance Report of the Company, issued 
by CS Sunil M. Dedhia (COP No. 2031), Proprietor of 
Sunil M. Dedhia & Co., Company Secretary in Practice, 
is also available on the website of the Company at www.
valiantlabs.in.
 The Secretarial Audit Report and Annual Secretarial 
Compliance Report for the FY 2024-25, do not contain any 
qualification, reservation, or adverse remark.
 Further, pursuant to Regulation 24A of the Listing 
Regulations, the Secretarial Audit of the Unlisted Indian 
Material Subsidiaries of the Company identified in terms 
of Regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations viz. Valiant 
Advance Sciences Private Limited (‘VASPL’) was conducted 
by CS Sunil M. Dedhia (COP No. 2031), Proprietor of Sunil 
M. Dedhia & Co., Company Secretary in Practice. The 
Secretarial Audit Report of VASPL is annexed to this Report 
as Annexure V-A.
 Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 24A & other 
applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
Section 204 read with Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors at 
their respective meetings held on August 08, 2025, have 
approved and recommended for approval of members, 
appointment of M/s Mehta & Mehta, Practicing Company 
Secretaries (Firm Registration Number: P1996MH007500) 
as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company for a term of 
5 (five) consecutive years, commencing from FY 2025-26 
to the FY 2029-30. They have confirmed their eligibility 
and qualification required under the Act and the Listing 
Regulations for holding the office, as the Secretarial Auditor 
of the Company.
 A detailed proposal for appointment of Secretarial Auditor 
is made available and forms part of the Notice of Annual 
General Meeting.
37. SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
 During the year under review, the Company has complied 
with all the applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India and approved by 
the Central Government pursuant to Section 118 of the Act.
38. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
 The Board of Directors takes this opportunity to thank the 
Company’s employees at all levels for their hard work and 
commitment. The Directors would like to express their 
grateful appreciation for the assistance and support received 
from the Shareholders, Government Authorities, Auditors, 
Financial Institutions, Customers, Employees, Suppliers, 
other business associates and various other stakeholders. 
The Board looks forward for continued support of all these 
partners in the future.
For and on behalf of the Board
 Sd/- Sd/-
 Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
 Managing Director Executive Director &
 DIN: 07633923  Chief Financial Officer
  DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 08, 2025
40
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 33 =====
Annexure ‘I’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
FORM NO. AOC- 1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or  
Joint Ventures
PART A
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited – Wholly Owned Subsidiary
Sr. 
No. Particulars Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited 
1 The date since when subsidiary was acquired July 08, 2022
2 Share capital H 3.12 Lakhs
3 Reserves and Surplus H 16,495.36 Lakhs
4 Total Assets H 25,053.63 Lakhs
5 Total Liabilities H 8,555.15 Lakhs
6 Investments NIL
7 Turnover H 2.02 Lakhs
8 Profit before taxation H (6.48) Lakhs
9 Provision for taxation H (1.38) Lakhs
10 Profit after taxation H (5.10)  Lakhs
11 Proposed Dividend NIL
12 Extent of shareholding (in percentage) 100%
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
Sd/- Sd/- Sd/- Sd/-
Mr. Raman S. Shah Santosh Vora Paresh Shah Prajakta Patil
Proprietor Managing Director Executive Director & Company Secretary
M. No.033272 DIN - 07633923 Chief Financial Officer ICSI M.No.: A53370
DIN:08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 20, 2025
1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: - NIL
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: - NIL
PART-B
Associates and Joint Ventures
Note: (i) The Company does not have any associate/ joint venture company as on March 31, 2025.
 (ii) Names of the associate or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations - NIL
 (iii) Names of the associate or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year – NIL
SR
41
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 34 =====
Annexure ‘II’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
Sr. 
No.
Name(s) of the 
related party 
and nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements 
or transactions 
including the 
value, if any
Justification 
for entering 
into such 
contracts or 
arrangements 
or transactions
Date of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount paid 
as advances, 
if any
Date on which the special 
resolution was passed in 
general meeting as required 
under first proviso to 
section 188
NIL
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the related 
party and nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Salient terms of the contracts 
or arrangements or transactions 
including the value, if any
Date of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
1. Valiant Advance Science 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Sale of goods/
services
Continuous 
Basis
Contract for Sale of Goods 
shall be on a continuous basis. 
Monetary value of aggregate 
transactions during the financial 
year 2024-25 for an amount not 
exceeding H 2 crore.
February 09, 
2024
NIL
2. Valiant Advance Science 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Purchase of 
goods/ services
Continuous 
Basis
Contract for Purchase of Goods 
shall be on a continuous basis. 
Monetary value of aggregate 
transactions during the financial 
year 2024-25 for an amount not 
exceeding H 200 crore.
February 09, 
2024
NIL
3. Valiant Advance Science 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Investment 
by Valiant 
Laboratories 
Limited
One Time To acquire shares in Valiant 
Advance Science Private Limited 
(WOS) of Valiant Laboratories 
Limited for an amount not 
exceeding H 300 crore.
February 09, 
2024
NIL
4. Valiant Advance Science 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Availing or 
rendering of 
services or other 
resources and 
obligations
Continuous 
Basis
To avail/render any other service 
during the financial year 2024-25 
for an amount not exceeding  
H 1 crore.
February 09, 
2024
NIL
5. Valiant Advance Science 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Other 
Reimbursements
Continuous 
Basis
Reimbursement on actual cost 
basis during the financial year 
2024-25 for an amount not 
exceeding H 2 crore.
February 09, 
2024
NIL
6. Valiant Organics 
Limited (Ultimate 
holding Company)
Sale of goods/
services 
Continuous 
Basis
Contract for Sale of Goods 
shall be on a continuous basis. 
Monetary value of aggregate 
transactions during the financial 
year 2024-25 for an amount not 
exceeding H 50 crore.
February 09, 
2024
NIL
FORM NO. AOC- 2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and  Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred to in sub-
section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arms’ length basis:
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm's length basis:
42
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 35 =====
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the related 
party and nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Salient terms of the contracts 
or arrangements or transactions 
including the value, if any
Date of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
7. Valiant Organics 
Limited (Ultimate 
holding Company)
Purchase of 
goods/ services
Continuous 
Basis
Contract for Purchase of Goods 
shall be on a continuous basis. 
Monetary value of aggregate 
transactions during the financial 
year 2024-25 for an amount not 
exceeding H 600 crore.
February 09, 
2024
NIL
8. Valiant Organics 
Limited (Ultimate 
holding Company)
Commission Continuous 
Basis
Commission expected to be 
received by Valiant Laboratories 
Limited from Valiant Organics 
Limited during the financial 
year 2024-25 for an amount not 
exceeding H 1 crore.
February 09, 
2024
NIL
9. Valiant Organics 
Limited (Ultimate 
holding Company)
Leasing Continuous 
Basis
Leasing of property during the 
financial year 2024-25 for an 
amount not exceeding H 1 crore
February 09, 
2024
NIL
10. Valiant Organics 
Limited (Ultimate 
holding Company)
Other Services Continuous 
Basis
To avail/render any other service 
during the financial year 2024-25 
for an amount not exceeding  
H 1 crore.
February 09, 
2024
NIL
For and on behalf of the Board
Valiant Laboratories Limited
 Sd/- Sd/-
 Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
 Managing Director Executive Director &
 DIN: 07633923  Chief Financial Officer
  DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 08, 2025
SR
43
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 36 =====
Annexure ‘III’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo 
Pursuant to Provisions of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 8 (3)  
of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
(A) Conservation of Energy 
 (i) The steps taken or impact on conservation of energy 
  Regular monitoring of all equipment’s and devices which consume electricity, continues to be in place in the factory. 
Water consumption is also monitored as a regular function of maintenance Dept., though our type of business does not 
consume much water. 
 (ii) The steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy
  The Company has undertaken energy efficiency initiatives by replacing all conventional lighting fixtures with energy-
efficient LED lights across its manufacturing facilities and corporate offices.
 (iii) The capital investment on energy conservation equipment.
  During the year under review, the Company has not made any capital investment on energy conservation equipment.
(B) Technology Absorption 
 (i) The efforts made towards technology absorption 
  Not Applicable
 (ii) The benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import substitution 
  Considering the installation of MVR and other steam management accessories during the previous years, the Company has 
managed to reduce the steam consumption and increase the steam condensate recovery, which in turn has contributed in 
reduction of cost.
 (iii) In the case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the 
financial year)
  (a) The details of technology imported  - NIL
  (b) The year of import  - NIL
  (c) Whether the technology been fully absorbed  - NIL
  (d) If not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place and the reasons thereof - NIL
 (iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and Development
  NIL
(C) Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo 
 Foreign Exchange Earnings  – H 64.12 Lakhs
 Foreign Exchange Outgo  – H 3801.23 Lakhs
For and on behalf of the Board
 Sd/- Sd/-
 Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
 Managing Director Executive Director &
 DIN: 07633923  Chief Financial Officer
  DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 08, 2025
44
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 37 =====
Annexure ‘IV’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
Disclosure pursuant to Section 197 (12) of Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 5 of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is provided below:
1) The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the year 2024-25:
Name of the Directors Nature of Directorship Ratio
Mr. Santosh Vora Managing Director 3.64:1
Mr. Paresh Shah Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer 4.55:1
Mr. Shantilal Vora Non-Executive Director 0.12:1
Mr. Sandeep Gupta Non-Executive Director 0.06:1
Mr. Ashok Chheda 
(appointed with effect from November 12, 2024.)
Non-Executive Independent Director 0.03:1
Mrs. Sonal Vira Non-Executive Independent Director 0.14:1
Mr. Mulesh Savla
(appointed with effect from May 14, 2024.)
Non-Executive Independent Director 0.10:1
Mr. Velji Gogri 
(upto November 12, 2024.)
Non-Executive Independent Director 0.06:1
  Note: Remuneration paid to above Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Independent Directors consists of sitting fees 
paid for attending the Board / Committee meetings. No other remuneration was paid to Non-Executive Directors and Non-
Executive Independent Directors during the year.
2)  The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company 
Secretary, in the financial year 2024-25:
Name Designation % increase in remuneration
Mr. Santosh Vora Managing Director None
Mr. Paresh Shah Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer None
Ms. Prajakta Patil* Company Secretary Not Applicable 
  *Ms. Prajakta Patil was appointed as the Company Secretary with effect from May 14, 2024 and resigned from the designation of 
Company Secretary with effect from June 15, 2025
3) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year 2024-25: 7.22%
4) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2025.: 79 employees.
5)  Average percentage increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
financial year and its comparison with the percentage increase in the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and 
point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration:
 There was no average % increase in remuneration of managerial personnel employees.
 The average % increase in remuneration of employees other than managerial personnel was 9.54%
6) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company:
  It is affirmed that the remuneration paid to Directors, Key Managerial Persons and other employees is as per Remuneration Policy 
of the Company.
For and on behalf of the Board
 Sd/- Sd/-
 Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
 Managing Director Executive Director &
 DIN: 07633923  Chief Financial Officer
  DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 08, 2025
SR
45
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 38 =====
Annexure ‘V’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON MARCH 31, 2025
(Pursuant to Section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)
To, 
The Members, 
Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904)
104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregoan Link Road,
Mulund(West), Mumbai 400080
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of 
applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Valiant Laboratories Limited (hereinafter 
called “the Company”). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a 
manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluating the 
corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing my 
opinion thereon. 
Based on my verification of the Company's books, papers, minute 
books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the 
Company and also the information provided by the Company, its 
officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct 
of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the Company 
has, during the audit period covering the Financial Year ended 
on March 31, 2025 (‘Audit Period’) complied with the statutory 
provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper 
Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, 
in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and 
returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for 
the Audit Period according to the applicable provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules 
made thereunder; 
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') 
and the rules made thereunder which were not applicable 
to the Company during the Audit Period; 
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder;
(iv)  Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment, External 
Commercial Borrowings, which were not applicable to the 
Company during Audit Period; 
(v)  The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 
1992 (’SEBI Act'):-
 (a)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011; 
 (b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; 
 (c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018, which were not applicable to the Company 
during the Audit Period;
 (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 
2014 which were not applicable to the Company 
during Audit Period;
 (e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”); 
 (f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and 
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021 which were not applicable to the Company 
during Audit Period;
 (g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client; 
 (h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 which were not 
applicable to the Company during Audit Period; and 
 (i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018 which were not 
applicable to the Company during Audit Period; 
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of 
the following: 
(i)  Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India; 
(ii) Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited; 
During the Audit Period under review and as per the 
representations and clarifications made, the Company has 
complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards etc. mentioned above. 
46
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 39 =====
I further report that based on review of compliance system 
prevailing in the Company, I am of the opinion that the Company 
has adequate systems and processes in place commensurate 
with its size and nature of operations to monitor and ensure 
compliance with the following laws applicable specifically 
to the Company: 
(a) Petroleum Act, 1934 and Rules made thereunder;
(b) Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and Rules made thereunder;
(c) The Explosives Act, 1884 and Rules made thereunder;
(d) The Insecticides Act, 1968;
(e) Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985;
(f) The Indian Boilers Act, 1923 & The Indian Boilers 
Regulations, 1950;
(g) The Chemical weapons convention Act, 2000, and the Rules 
made thereunder;
(h) Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981;
(i) Water(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974;
(j) The Noise (Regulation and Control) Rules, 2000;
(k) Environment Protection Act, 1986 and other 
environmental laws;
(l) Hazardous Wastes (Management , Handling and 
Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016; and 
(m) Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991.
I further report that the Board of Directors of the Company is 
duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in 
the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during 
the period under review were carried out in compliance with the 
provisions of the Act. 
Adequate notice was given to schedule the Board Meetings, 
agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven 
days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining 
further information and clarifications on the agenda items before 
the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at the Board Meetings and Committee Meetings 
were taken unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the 
meetings of the Board of Directors or Committees of the Board, 
as the case may be.
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes 
in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of 
the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. 
I further report that during the Audit Period under review, there 
were no other specific events / actions in pursuance of the above 
referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. 
having a major bearing on the Company’s affairs. 
This report is to be read with Annexure which forms an integral 
part of this report.
Sd/-
CS Sunil M. Dedhia 
Proprietor, Sunil M. Dedhia & Co.
Company Secretaries 
FCS No: 3483 C.P. No. 2031 
UDIN: F003483G000962936 
Peer Review Certificate No. 867/2020 
Unique Identification No. S1993MH012200 
Mumbai, Dated August 8, 2025  
SR
47
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 40 =====
Annexure
To,
The Members, 
Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904)
104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregoan Link Road,
Mulund(West), Mumbai 400080
My report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
(1) Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
(2) I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the 
contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial 
records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.
(3) I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
(4)  Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules and Regulations and 
happening of events etc.
(5) The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and Other Applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations, Standards is the responsibility of 
Management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
(6) The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficacy or effectiveness with 
which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Sd/-
CS Sunil M. Dedhia 
Proprietor, Sunil M. Dedhia & Co. 
Company Secretaries 
FCS No: 3483 C.P. No. 2031 
UDIN: F003483G000962936 
Peer Review Certificate No. 867/2020 
Unique Identification No. S1993MH012200 
Mumbai, Dated August 8, 2025
48
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 41 =====
Annexure ‘V-A’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED ON MARCH 31, 2025
(Pursuant to Section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)
To, 
The Members, 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
(CIN: U24290MH2022PTC386388)
109, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregoan Link Road,
Mulund(West), Mumbai 400080
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of 
applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private 
Limited (hereinafter called “the Company”) which is a wholly 
owned material subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited. 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a 
reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing my opinion thereon. 
Based on my verification of the Company's books, papers, minute 
books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained 
by the Company and also the information provided by the 
Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives 
during the conduct of secretarial audit, I hereby report that in 
my opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering 
the Financial Year ended on March 31, 2025 (‘Audit Period’) 
complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also 
that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-
mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to 
the reporting made hereinafter: 
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and 
returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for 
the Audit Period according to the applicable provisions of: 
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules 
made thereunder; 
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') 
and the rules made thereunder which were not applicable 
to the Company during the Audit Period; 
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder; 
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment, External 
Commercial Borrowings, which were not applicable to the 
Company during the Audit Period; 
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (’SEBI 
Act') which were not applicable to the Company during the 
Audit Period:- 
 (a)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011; 
 (b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; 
 (c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018; 
 (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021;
 (e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR”); 
 (f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue 
and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) 
Regulations, 2021;
 (g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client; 
 (h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; and 
 (i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018. 
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of 
the following: 
(i)  Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India; 
(ii)  Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with the 
Stock Exchanges which were not applicable to the Company 
as the Company is not listed on any Stock Exchange in India 
during Audit Period;
SR
49
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 42 =====
During the Audit Period under review and as per the 
representations and clarifications made, the Company has 
complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards etc. mentioned above. 
I further report that based on review of compliance system 
prevailing in the Company, I am of the opinion that the Company 
has adequate systems and processes in place commensurate 
with its size and nature of operations to monitor and ensure 
compliance with the following laws applicable specifically 
to the Company: 
(a) Petroleum Act, 1934 and Rules made thereunder;
(b) Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and Rules made thereunder;
(c) The Explosives Act, 1884 and Rules made thereunder;
(d) The Insecticides Act, 1968;
(e) Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985;
(f) The Indian Boilers Act, 1923 & The Indian Boilers 
Regulations, 1950;
(g) The Chemical weapons convention Act, 2000, and the Rules 
made thereunder;
(h) Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981;
(i) Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974;
(j) The Noise (Regulation and Control) Rules, 2000;
(k) Environment Protection Act, 1986 and other 
environmental laws;
(l) Hazardous & Other Wastes (Management and 
Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016; and 
(m) Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991.
I further report that the Board of Directors of the Company is 
duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in 
the composition of the Board of Directors that took place during 
the period under review were carried out in compliance with the 
provisions of the Act. 
Adequate notice was given to schedule the Board Meetings, 
agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven 
days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining 
further information and clarifications on the agenda items before 
the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions at the Board Meetings and Committee Meetings 
were taken unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the 
meetings of the Board of Directors or Committees of the Board, 
as the case may be.
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes 
in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of 
the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. 
I further report that during the Audit Period under review, 
there were no specific events/actions in pursuance of the above 
referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. 
having a major bearing on the Company’s affairs. 
This report is to be read with Annexure which forms an integral 
part of this report.
Sd/-
CS Sunil M. Dedhia 
Proprietor, Sunil M. Dedhia & Co. 
Company Secretaries 
FCS No: 3483 C.P. No. 2031 
UDIN: F003483G000943620 
Peer Review Certificate No. 867/2020 
Unique Identification No. S1993MH012200 
Mumbai, Dated August 6, 2025  
50
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 43 =====
Annexure
To,
The Members, 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
(CIN: U24290MH2022PTC386388)
109, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregoan Link Road,
Mulund(West), Mumbai 400080
My report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
(1)  Maintenance of Secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
(2)  I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the 
contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial 
records. I believe that the processes and practices, I followed provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.
(3)  I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
(4)  Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of Laws, Rules and Regulations and 
happening of events etc.
(5)  The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other Applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations, Standard is the responsibility of 
Management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
(6)  The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficacy or effectiveness with 
which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Sd/-
CS Sunil M. Dedhia 
Proprietor, Sunil M. Dedhia & Co. 
Company Secretaries 
FCS No: 3483 C.P. No. 2031 
UDIN: F003483G000943620 
Peer Review Certificate No. 867/2020 
Unique Identification No. S1993MH012200 
Mumbai, Dated August 6, 2025
SR
51
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 44 =====
Report on the Corporate Governance 
The Company’s Report on Corporate Governance for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2025, is in compliance with the principles 
of Corporate Governance as prescribed in Regulation 34(3) read 
with Schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (hereinafter referred to as “Listing Regulations”)
I. COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE
 Corporate Governance at Valiant Laboratories Limited 
is the cornerstone of our journey towards sustainable 
growth, stakeholder trust, and responsible leadership. 
It is the framework of principles, systems, and practices 
through which our Board of Directors and Management 
ensures accountability, fairness, transparency, and ethical 
conduct in all aspects of the Company’s operations and 
stakeholder relationships.
 Our governance approach is deeply rooted in our core 
values — Care, Integrity, and Excellence  — and is fully 
aligned with our strategy: Navigating Change, Fortifying 
Foundations, and Accelerating Value. This philosophy 
ensures we remain resilient amid evolving market 
dynamics, grounded in ethical standards, and committed to 
long-term value creation.
 We view corporate governance not merely as a regulatory 
requirement, but as a strategic enabler. It drives responsible 
decision-making, strengthens stakeholder confidence and 
supports sustainable business practices. Our governance 
framework spans business strategy, risk management, 
regulatory compliance, and ethical conduct — with an 
unrelenting focus on protecting and enhancing the interests 
of all stakeholders, including employees, investors, 
customers, regulators, partners, and society at large.
 The Board is committed to fostering a culture of openness, 
professionalism, and continuous improvement. We believe 
that good governance is a journey — one that begins with 
strong leadership and evolves through consistent effort, 
introspection, and innovation.
 By upholding robust governance practices, we aim to build an 
institution that adapts effectively to change, stands strong on 
its foundational values, and accelerates long-term value for all.
II. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 1. The Board of Directors at Valiant Laboratories 
Limited comprises distinguished individuals, who 
bring with them, years of illustrious experience and 
unparalleled knowledge. Your Company’s Board 
maintains an optimal balance of Executive and Non-
Executive Directors, with one-third of its members 
being Independent Directors, which is in line with 
the requirements of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
'Listing Regulations') and Sections 149 and 152 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’).
  As on March 31, 2025, the Board comprises of Seven (7) members as follows:
Mr. Mulesh Savla 
Independent Director,  
Chairman 
Mr. Santosh Vora 
Managing Director 
Mr. Paresh Shah 
Executive Director and 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Ashok Chheda 
Non-Executive 
Independent Director 
Ms. Sonal Vira 
Non-Executive 
Independent Director 
52
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 45 =====
Date of Meeting
Name of Director
Mr. Ashok 
Chheda (1)
Mr. Santosh 
Vora
Mr. Paresh 
Shah
Mr. Shantilal 
Vora
Mr. Sandeep 
Gupta
Mrs. Sonal 
Vira
Mr. Mulesh 
Savla (2)
Mr. Velji 
Gogri (3)
Board Meetings
May 14, 2024 NA NA
August 12, 2024 NA
November 12, 2024 NA
February 7, 2025 NA
Annual General Meeting
August 08, 2024 NA
 2. None of the Directors on the Board: 
	 hold directorships in more than ten 
public companies;
	 serve as Directors or as Independent Directors in 
more than seven listed entities; and
	 in the case of Executive Directors, serve as 
Independent Directors in more than three 
listed entities.
  Necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions 
in other public companies as on March 31, 2025, have 
been made by the Directors.
 3. Independent Directors are the Directors as defined 
under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations 
and Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed 
thereunder. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing 
Regulations, the Independent Directors are not aware 
of any circumstance or situation which exists or could 
be reasonably anticipated that would impair or impact 
their ability to discharge their duties.
  Based on the declarations received from the 
Independent Directors, the Board of Directors have 
confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence 
as mentioned under Section 149(6) of the Act and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and that 
they are independent of the management. 
  During the year under review, Mr. Velji Karamshi 
Gogri resigned from his position as a Non-Executive 
Independent Director with effect from November 12, 
2024, due to his health concerns and there are no other 
material reasons for his resignation.
  Subsequently, Mr. Ashok Lakhamshi Chheda 
was appointed as an Additional Non-Executive 
Independent Director with effect from November 12, 
2024, and his appointment was regularized through 
postal ballot on December 19, 2024.
 4. 4 (Four) Board Meetings were held during the year under review and the gap between the two meetings did not exceed 
120 days. All the necessary information including but not limited to those mentioned in Part A of Schedule II to the Listing 
Regulations, are placed before the Board. The said meetings were held on: May 14, 2024, August 12, 2024, November 12, 
2024, and February 07, 2025. The necessary quorum was present for all the meetings. The details of Directors’ attendance at 
Board Meetings held during the year under review and at the last AGM are provided herein below:
Present Absent NA Not appointed as a Board member during the Board Meetings/ Annual General Meeting
  (1) Mr. Ashok Chheda was appointed as a Non- Executive Independent Director with effect from November 12, 2024.
  (2) Mr. Mulesh Savla was appointed as a Non- Executive Independent Director with effect from May 14, 2024.
  (3) Mr. Velji Gogri ceased to be a Non- Executive Independent Director with effect from November 12, 2024.
 5. The names and categories of the directors on the Board, name of other listed entities in which the Director is a director and 
the number of Directorships and Committee Chairmanships/Memberships held by them in other public limited companies 
as on March 31, 2025, are given herein below:
Name of the 
Director and DIN Category
Directorships as on March 31, 2025 (1) Shareholding in 
the Company
Number of Committee 
Membership in other 
Companies (excluding 
VLL) (2)
Total no. of 
Directorships 
(excluding VLL) 
Directorship held 
in other listed 
companies
No. of 
Shares
% of 
holding Chairman Member
Mr. Santosh Vora 
(DIN: 07633923)
Managing Director 2 Valiant Organics 
Limited (NED)*
32,59,190 7.50 - -
Mr. Paresh Shah 
(DIN: 08291953)
Executive Director 
& Chief Financial 
Officer
1 None 40,67,690 9.36 - -
SR
53
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 46 =====
Name of the 
Director and DIN Category
Directorships as on March 31, 2025 (1) Shareholding in 
the Company
Number of Committee 
Membership in other 
Companies (excluding 
VLL) (2)
Total no. of 
Directorships 
(excluding VLL) 
Directorship held 
in other listed 
companies
No. of 
Shares
% of 
holding Chairman Member
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
(DIN: 07633852)
Non – Executive 
Director
- - 32,59,190 7.50 - -
Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
(DIN: 09245060)
Non – Executive 
Director
- - 0.00 0.00 - -
Mrs. Sonal Vira 
(DIN: 09505883)
Non - Executive 
Independent 
Director
2 Valiant Organics 
Limited (ID)*
0.00 0.00 - 1
Mr. Mulesh Savla 
(DIN: 07474847)
Non - Executive 
Independent 
Director
2 Aarti Surfactants 
Limited (ID)* &
Valiant Organics 
Limited (ID)*
0.00 0.00 3 1
Mr. Ashok Chheda
(DIN: 10776571)
Non – Executive 
Independent 
Director
- - 0.00 0.00 - -
  * ID – (Non–Executive Independent Director); NED – (Non–Executive Non–Independent Director)
  (1) (Other directorships do not include directorships of private limited companies (except deemed public companies), foreign companies and companies 
registered under Section 8 of the Act. Further, none of them is a member of more than ten committees or chairman of more than five committees across 
all the public limited companies in which he/she is a director. 
  (2) For the purpose of determination of limit of the Board Committees, chairpersonship and membership of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee has been considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations). Furthermore, to avoid repetition in counting the 
number of chairman and members of the Committees, directors who serve as chairman are not counted as members, and vice versa.
 6. None of the Directors are related to other Directors and the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company except Mr. Santosh 
Vora – Managing Director who is the son of Mr. Shantilal Vora, Non-Executive Director.
 7. During the year, 2 (Two) meetings of the Independent Directors were held on February 7, 2025 and March 21, 2025. The 
Independent Directors, inter alia, reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors, the Board as a whole and 
Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors.
 8. During FY 2024 - 25, information as mentioned in Part A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, was placed before the 
Board for its consideration.
 9. The Board periodically reviews the compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company.
 10. Particulars of Senior Management:
1
2
Mr. Paresh Shah 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Bhupendra Raul 
QA Manager
Mr. Shivaji Katkar 
Plant Manager
Ms. Kiran Mudaliar* 
Assistant  
Manager – Accounts
Mr. Akshay  
Gangurde *** 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer
Mr. Nilesh Patil 
Analytical Head
4
Mr. Bhanudas Patil 
QC Manager
6
Ms. Meghana Wasnik 
R & D Head
8
Ms. Prajakta Patil** 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
3
5
7
9
*Ms. Kiran Mudaliar - appointed with effect from November 12, 2024
**Ms. Prajakta Patil - resigned with effect from June 15, 2025
***Mr. Akshay Gangurde - appointed with effect from July 09, 2025
54
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 47 =====
 11. Familiarisation Programme: 
  The Company conducts familiarisation programmes 
for its Independent Directors and other Directors 
which, inter alia, includes the following: 
  a. Presentations on the business performance of 
the Company are made at the Board Meetings 
to familiarize the Independent Directors with 
the strategy, operations and functions of the 
Company. The programme aims to provide 
insights into the Company to enable the 
Independent Directors to be in a position to take 
well-informed timely decisions and contribute 
significantly to the performance of the Company. 
  b. Each director of the Company has access to any 
information relating to the Company.
  c. Information on any change and new 
development with regard to relevant regulatory 
requirements such as Listing Regulations and the 
Companies Act, 2013.
  d. Familiarisation programmes are proposed to be 
conducted on a need basis during the term of 
the directors. 
  e. The Board members are made aware about the 
compliances applicable to the Company. 
  f. Freedom to interact with the Company’s 
management during the Board/ Committee of 
Directors’ meetings or otherwise. 
  g. Need-based training is provided on 
various matters. 
  The Board members are encouraged to advise the 
Company to adopt further programmes for their 
familiarization with the Company.
  In the Board meetings, all discussions on performance 
review of the businesses are preceded by a recap on the 
strategic direction adopted for the business, which provides 
good insights on the path forward for the businesses carried 
on by the Company to the Independent Directors and the 
other Non-Executive Directors on the Board.
  Details of familiarisation programmes imparted to 
Independent Directors are disclosed on the Company’s 
website at https://valiantlabs.in/wp-content/
uploads/2025/02/Familiarization-Programme.pdf
  Directors’ Competence/ Skills/Expertise:
  The Company is engaged in the manufacturing of 
Pharmaceuticals API. The table below summarises 
the broad list of core skills / expertise / competencies 
identified by the Board of Directors, as required in the 
context of the Company’s business / sector and the 
said skills are available with the Board members:
List of Core Skills/Expertise/Competencies Identified by the Board of Directors in the Context of the 
Business and Sector
Industry Experience
Experience in Chemical and 
Pharmaceutical industry
Operations, Technology, Sales and 
Marketing
Experience in sales and 
marketing management based on 
understanding of the consumer and 
consumer goods industry
Leadership
Extensive leadership experience of an organisation 
for practical understanding of the organisation, its 
processes, strategic planning, risk management for 
driving change and long-term growth
Understanding of Global Business
Owing to presence across the globe, the 
understanding of global business & market 
is seen as pivotal
Finance and Banking
Finance field skills/competencies/ expertise 
is seen as important for intricate and high 
quality financial management and financial 
reporting processes
Legal/Governance/ Compliance
In order to strengthen and maintain 
the governance levels and practices in 
the organisation
SR
55
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 48 =====
Name of Director Industry 
Experience
Operations, 
Technology, Sales 
and Marketing
Leadership Understanding of 
Global Business 
Finance and 
Banking
Legal/
Governance/ 
Compliance
Mr. Ashok Chheda - - -
Mr. Santosh Vora
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Shantilal Vora -
Mr. Sandeep Gupta - -
Mrs. Sonal Vira - - - -
Mr. Mulesh Savla -
III. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 The Committees of the Board focus on certain specific 
areas and make informed decisions within the delegated 
authority. Each Committee of the Board, whether 
mandatorily required to be constituted or otherwise, 
functions according to its scope that defines its composition, 
power and role in accordance with the Act and the Listing 
Regulations. The Company has 5 (Five) Committees of 
the Board, namely, Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
and Risk Management Committee. The recommendations 
of the Committees are submitted to the Board for approval. 
 During the year, all the recommendations of the Committees 
were accepted by the Board.
 The Company’s guidelines relating to the Board meetings 
are applicable to the Committee meetings. The composition 
and terms of reference of all the Committees are in 
compliance with the Act and the Listing Regulations, as 
applicable. Each Committee has the authority to engage 
outside experts, advisors and counsels to the extent it 
considers appropriate to assist in its functioning. Minutes 
of the proceedings of Committee meetings are circulated to 
the respective Committee members and also placed before 
the Board for noting. 
 1. AUDIT COMMITTEE
  The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
(‘‘the AC’’) is entrusted with the responsibility of 
supervising the Company’s financial reporting process 
and internal controls. The composition, quorum, 
powers, role and scope are in accordance with Section 
177 of the Act and the provisions of Regulation 18 read 
with Part C of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. 
  Terms of Reference:
  1. Oversight of the listed entity’s financial reporting 
process and the disclosure of its financial 
information to ensure that the financial statement 
is correct, sufficient and credible; 
  2. Recommendation for appointment, remuneration 
and terms of appointment of auditors of the 
listed entity; 
  3. Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any 
other services rendered by the statutory auditors; 
  4. Reviewing, with the management, the annual 
financial statements and auditor's report thereon 
before submission to the Board for approval, 
with particular reference to: 
   a. Matters required to be included in the 
Directors’ Responsibility Statement to be 
included in the board’s report in terms 
of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 
134 of the Act;
   b. Changes, if any, in accounting policies and 
practices and reasons for the same; 
   c. Major accounting entries involving 
estimates based on the exercise of judgment 
by management; 
   d. Significant adjustments made in the 
financial statements arising out of 
audit findings; 
   e. Compliance with listing and other 
legal requirements relating to 
financial statements; 
   f. Disclosure of any related party transactions; 
   g. Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report; 
  5. Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly 
financial statements before submission to the 
board for approval; 
  6. Reviewing, with the management, the statement 
of uses / application of funds raised through 
an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential 
issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized 
for purposes other than those stated in the 
offer document / prospectus / notice and the 
report submitted by the monitoring agency on 
the utilisation of proceeds of a public issue or 
rights issue or preferential issue or qualified 
institutions placement, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the board to take up steps 
in this matter; 
  7. Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s 
independence and performance, and 
effectiveness of audit process; 
56
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 49 =====
Date of Meeting Mr. Mulesh Savla 
(refer note) Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Velji K. Gogri 
(refer note)
Category Chairperson Member Member Chairperson
May 14, 2024 NA
August 12, 2024 NA
November 12, 2024 NA
February 7, 2025 NA
  8. Approval or any subsequent modification 
of transactions of the listed entity with 
related parties; 
  9. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments; 
  10. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the listed 
entity, wherever it is necessary; 
  11. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk 
management systems; 
  12. Reviewing, with the management, performance 
of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of 
the internal control systems; 
  13. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit 
function, if any, including the structure of 
the internal audit department, staffing and 
seniority of the official heading the department, 
reporting structure coverage and frequency of 
internal audit; 
  14. Discussion with internal auditors of any 
significant findings and follow up there on; 
  15. Reviewing the findings of any internal 
investigations by the internal auditors into 
matters where there is suspected fraud or 
irregularity or a failure of internal control 
systems of a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the Board; 
  16. Discussion with statutory auditors before the 
audit commences, about the nature and scope of 
audit as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain 
any area of concern; 
  17. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults 
in the payment to the depositors, debenture 
holders, shareholders (in case of non-payment of 
declared dividends) and creditors; 
  18. To review the functioning of the whistle 
blower mechanism; 
  19. Approval of appointment of Chief Financial 
Officer after assessing the qualifications, 
experience and background, etc. of the candidate; 
  20. Carrying out any other function as is mentioned 
in the terms of reference of the audit committee.
  21. Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or 
advances from/investment by the holding 
company in the subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 
crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, 
whichever is lower including existing loans / 
advances / investments existing as on the date of 
coming into force of this provision.
  22. Consider and comment on rationale, cost-
benefits and impact of schemes involving 
merger, demerger, amalgamation etc., on the 
listed entity and its shareholders.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2025, the AC comprises of 3 (Three) 
members of which 2 (Two) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  All members of the AC are financially literate and 
bring in expertise in the fields of Finance, Taxation, 
Economics, Risk and International Finance. It 
functions in accordance with its charter that defines its 
authority, responsibility, and reporting function.
  The Chief Financial Officer, Functional Heads, 
Representatives of the Statutory Auditors, Internal 
Auditors, Cost Auditor, as and when required, 
attended the meetings of the Audit Committee 
from time to time. 
  4 (Four) AC Meetings were held during the year 
under review and the gap between the two meetings 
did not exceed one hundred and twenty days. The 
necessary quorum was present for all the meetings. 
The Chairperson of the Audit Committee attended the 
AGM held on August 08, 2024. 
  The dates of the meetings and attendance of AC members in the said meetings are given below: –
  Note: The Board of Directors at their meeting held on August 12, 2024, re-constituted the Committees of the Board. Mr. Velji Karamshi Gogri ceased 
to be a Member & Chairman of the Audit Committee and for the subsequent meetings of the Audit Committee, Mr. Mulesh Manilal Savla has been 
inducted as a Member & Chairman of the Audit Committee.
SR
57
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 50 =====
 2. NOMINATION & REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
  The Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the 
Board of Directors (‘‘the NRC’’) is entrusted with the 
responsibility of creating a high-performance culture, 
attracting, retaining, and motivating employees to 
achieve results. The composition, quorum, powers, 
role and scope are in accordance with Section 178 of 
the Act and the provisions of Regulation 19 read with 
Part D Para A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. 
  Terms of Reference
  1. Formulation of the criteria for determining 
qualifications, positive attributes and 
independence of a director and recommend to 
the board of directors a policy relating to, the 
remuneration of the directors, key managerial 
personnel and other employees; 
  2. For every appointment of an Independent 
Director, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills, 
knowledge and experience on the Board and on 
the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description 
of the role and capabilities required of an 
Independent Director. The person recommended 
to the Board for appointment as an Independent 
Director shall have the capabilities identified in 
such description. For the purpose of identifying 
suitable candidates, the Committee may: 
   i. Use the services of an external 
agencies, if required; 
   ii. Consider candidates from a wide range 
of backgrounds, having due regard to 
diversity; and 
   iii. Consider the time commitments of 
the candidates.
  3. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of 
Independent Directors and the Board of Directors; 
  4. Devising a policy on diversity of the 
Board of Directors;
  5. Identifying persons who are qualified to become 
directors and who may be appointed in the senior 
management in accordance with the criteria laid 
down, and recommend to the board of directors 
their appointment and removal;
  6. Whether to extend or continue the term of 
appointment of the Independent Director, on the 
basis of the report of performance evaluation of 
Independent Directors. 
  7. Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in 
whatever form, payable to the senior management.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2025, the NRC comprises of 3 
(Three) members of which 2 (Two) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  2 (Two) NRC meetings were held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for the meeting.
  The date of the meeting and attendance of NRC members in the said meeting are given below:
Date of Meeting Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Velji K. Gogri 
(refer note)
Mr. Mulesh Savla 
(refer note) Mr. Shantilal Vora
Category Chairperson Member Member Member
May 14, 2024 NA
November 12, 2024 NA
  Note: The Board of Directors at their meeting held on August 12, 2024, re-constituted the Committees of the Board. Mr. Velji Karamshi Gogri ceased 
to be a Member of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee and for the subsequent meetings of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee, Mr. 
Mulesh Manilal Savla has been inducted as a Member of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee.
  Performance Evaluation 
  In terms of the requirements of the Act and Regulations 17 and 25 of the Listing Regulations, an annual performance 
evaluation of the Board is undertaken where the Board formally assesses its own performance with an aim to improve the 
effectiveness of the Board and its Committees.
  The Company has a structured assessment process for evaluation of performance of the Board, its Committees and individual 
performance of each Director including the Chairman of the Board.
  The evaluations are carried out in a confidential manner and the Directors provide their feedback by rating based on 
various parameters.
58
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 51 =====
Evaluated by
Evaluation of
Board Committees Non-Independent 
Directors
Independent 
Directors Chairman
Independent Directors
Board of Directors
Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Name of Directors Mr. Ashok 
Chheda
Mr. Shantilal 
Vora
Mr. Sandeep 
Gupta
Mrs. Sonal 
Vira
Mr. Mulesh 
Savla
Mr. Velji 
Gogri(1)
Board Meetings 0.050 0.200 0.200 0.200 0.150 0.100
Committee Meetings 0.050 0.200 0.000 0.250 0.175 0.100
Total 0.100 0.400 0.200 0.450 0.325 0.200
  The Independent Directors at their separate meeting reviewed the performance of: 
  a. Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a whole; 
  b. The Chairman of the Board after considering the views of other Directors;
  c. Succession planning, the quality, quantity; and 
  d. Quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company’s management and the Board, which is 
necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform its duties.
  During the year under review, questionnaires were circulated to the members of the Board and respective Committees 
soliciting their feedback on the performance of the Board, its Committees and individual Directors for the FY 2024-25.
  The overall performance evaluation exercise was performed to the satisfaction of the Board.
  Remuneration Policy 
  The Company has in place a Nomination and Remuneration Policy (NRC Policy) formulated as per the provisions of the 
Act and the Listing Regulations. The Policy outlines the role of NRC and the Board, inter alia, in determining the criteria for 
Board membership, approving, and recommending compensation and policies for Directors and Senior Management and 
lay down the effective manner of performance evaluation of the Board, its Committees, and the Directors. The NRC Policy 
is available on the Company’s website viz. www.valiantlabs.in.
  Remuneration to Directors/KMP/SMP/Other Employees:
	 Non-Executive/Independent Directors
   Non-Executive/ Independent Directors are presently receiving sitting fees (including reimbursement of expenses, if 
any) for attending the meeting of the Board and its Committees as per the provisions of the Act and the rules made 
thereunder. No stock options have been given to the Non-Executive/Independent Directors during the year.
   The details of the sitting fees paid to the Non - Executive/Independent Directors as on March 31, 2025, are as under:
   Note: The Company does not have a material pecuniary relationship or transactions with its Non-Executive/Independent Directors except the 
payment of sitting fees for attending the meetings of Board / Committees, as disclosed in this Report.
   Further, on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and the Audit Committee at their respective 
meeting(s) held on May 20, 2025, the Board 
of Directors of the Company, at their Board 
Meeting held on May 20, 2025, approved the 
payment of remuneration by way of commission 
to Mr. Shantilal Vora – Non Executive Director 
of the Company, for the Financial Year 2025-26 
at the rate of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net 
profits of the Company (calculated as per Section 
198 of the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company at the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting.
   Criteria for payments to Non-Executive/
Independent Directors
	 The Non-Executive / Independent Director 
may receive remuneration by way of fees for 
attending meetings of Board or Committee 
thereof. Provided that the amount of such 
fees shall not exceed the maximum amount 
per meeting of the Board or Committee as 
may be prescribed under the law prevailing 
from time to time.
	 The Board upon the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
shall review the Sitting Fees, from time 
SR
59
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 52 =====
to time, subject to the limits, as specified 
under the Companies Act, 2013 or rules 
made thereunder.
	 The Non-Executive / Independent Director may 
receive remuneration by way of a commission 
in accordance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013, subject to the approval of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
the Board and shareholders, if required.
    These criterias are detailed in the Company’s 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy. The 
policy is available on the Company’s website 
www.valiantlabs.in. 
	 Executive Directors
   The Company remunerates its Executive 
Directors by way of salary and commission 
based on performance of the Company. 
Remuneration is paid within the limits as 
approved by shareholders within the stipulated 
limits of the Section 197 read with Schedule 
V of Act and the Rules made thereunder. The 
remuneration paid to the Executive Director 
is determined keeping in view the industry 
benchmarks, as well as the performance of the 
Executive Directors and the Company.
   Remuneration to Executive Directors:
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Name of Director(s) Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Paresh Shah
Category Managing Director Executive Director
Salary and other Perquisites 12.00 15.00
Commission - -
Total Remuneration 12.00 15.00
Terms of Remuneration
Mr. Santosh Vora, 
Managing Director
Mr. Paresh Shah, 
Executive Director
Existing Proposed in ensuing 
Annual General Meeting Existing Proposed in ensuing 
Annual General Meeting
Remuneration Rs 12 Lakhs 
per annum
Rs. 27 Lakhs per annum Rs. 15 Lakhs 
per annum
Rs. 15 Lakhs per annum
Commission None 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company (calculated 
as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013)
None 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company (calculated 
as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013)
Perquisites & Other Benefits As per the policy of the Company As per the policy of the Company
Employee Stock Options not exceeding the limits specified in 
Valiant Laboratories – Employee Stock 
Option Plan – 2023 or any other plan 
or Scheme as may be approved by the 
Board from time to time.
not exceeding the limits specified in 
Valiant Laboratories – Employee Stock 
Option Plan – 2023 or any other plan 
or Scheme as may be approved by the 
Board from time to time.
   Note: Managing Director is appointed under the contract for a period of 5 (Five) years with termination notice period of 90 days; and Mr. Paresh 
Shah, Executive Director is appointed until cessation from the employment of the Company and subject to re-appointment due to retirement by 
rotation in the Annual General Meeting.
   The Board of Directors and its Committees at their respective meeting(s) held on August 08, 2025, approved the revision 
in remuneration of Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Paresh Shah, as follows:
   Note: The above is subject to the approval of the members of the Company at the ensuing Annual General Meeting in line with the provisions 
of Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations.
	 Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), Senior Management Personnel (SMP) and other employees:
   The remuneration of KMP, SMP and other employees largely consists of basic salary, perquisites, allowances and 
performance incentives (wherever paid). Perquisites and retirement benefits are paid according to the Company 
policy. The components of the total remuneration vary for different grades and are governed by the industry pattern, 
qualification and experience/merits, and performance of each employee. 
   Remuneration of KMP and SMP is additionally approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee every year.
60
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 53 =====
 3. STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
  The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of the 
Board of Directors (‘‘the SRC”) is entrusted with 
the responsibility of safeguarding the interests of 
debenture holders and other security holders. The 
composition, quorum, powers, role and scope are 
in accordance with Section 178(5) of the Act and the 
provisions of Regulation 20 read with Part D Para B of 
Schedule II of the Listing Regulations.
  Terms of Reference
  1. Resolving the grievances of the security holders 
of the Company including complaints related to 
transfer/ transmission of shares, non-receipt of 
annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, 
issue of new/duplicate certificates, general 
meetings, etc.;
  2. Review of measures taken for effective exercise 
of voting rights by shareholders;
  3. Review of adherence to the service standards 
adopted by the Company in respect of various 
services being rendered by the Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent; and
  4. Review of the various measures and initiatives 
taken by the Company for reducing the 
quantum of unclaimed dividends and ensuring 
timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual 
reports/statutory notices by the shareholders 
of the Company.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2025, SRC comprises of 3 (Three) 
members of which 2 (Two) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  1 (One) SRC Meeting was held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for the meeting.
  The date of the meeting and attendance of SRC members in the said meeting is given below:
Date of Meeting Mr. Mulesh Savla 
(refer note)
Mr. Velji K. Gogri 
(refer note) Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Santosh Vora
Category Chairperson Chairperson Member Member
February 7, 2025 NA
  Note: The Board of Directors at their meeting held on August 12, 2024, re-constituted the Committees of the Board. Mr. Velji Karamshi Gogri ceased to 
be the Member & Chairman of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee and for the subsequent meetings of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee, 
Mr. Mulesh Manilal Savla has been inducted as the Member & Chairman of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee.
  Name, Designation and Contact details of the 
Compliance Officer 
  Ms. Prajakta Patil#
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
  Contact: 022 - 4971 2001/ 022 - 4971 7220
  Email: investor@valiantlabs.in 
  #Ms. Prajakta Patil resigned from the position of Company 
Secretary & Compliance Officer with effect from June 15, 2025. 
  Mr. Akshay Gangurde was appointed as the Company 
Secretary & Compliance Officer of the Company with 
effect from July 09, 2025.
  Contact: 022 - 4971 2001/ 022 - 4971 7220
  Email: investor@valiantlabs.in
  SEBI processes investor complaints in a centralised 
web-based complaints redressal system, i.e. SCORES. 
Through this system a Member can lodge a complaint 
against the Company for redressal of his/ her 
grievance. The Company uploads the action taken 
report on the complaint which can be viewed by the 
Member. The Company and Member can seek and 
provide clarifications online through SEBI.
  Further, the Company has pursuant to SEBI Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/131 
dated July 31, 2023, registered itself on the ODR 
platform, which gives an ease to investors on escalation 
of the complaints.
  Details of investor complaints received and redressed during FY 2024-25 are as follows:
Opening as on April 1, 2024 Received during the year Resolved during the year Closing as on March 31, 2025
NIL NIL NIL NIL
  The Company maintains continuous interaction with the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company and takes 
proactive steps and actions for resolving investors’ complaints and queries. 
  Separate email ID for the redressal of Investors’ Complaints
  The Company has designated a separate e-mail id investor@valiantlabs.in exclusively for registering investor complaints.
SR
61
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 54 =====
 4. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
  In line with the amendments to SEBI Listing Regulations, 
your Company on February 07, 2025, has voluntarily 
formed a Risk Management Committee (the “RMC”) 
whose terms of reference are in conformity with the 
provisions of Regulation 21 read with Schedule II Part C 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations. The RMC looks into the 
monitoring and reviewing the risk management plan 
and such other functions, as it may deem fit, including 
those relating specifically to cyber security.
  Terms of Reference
  1. Formulating a detailed risk management policy;
  2. Ensuring that appropriate methodology, 
processes and systems are in place to monitor 
and evaluate risks associated with the business 
of the Company;
  3. To monitor and oversee implementation of the 
risk management policy, including evaluating 
the adequacy of risk management systems;
  4. Periodically reviewing the risk management 
policy, at least once in every two years, including 
by considering the changing industry dynamics 
and evolving complexity;
  5. To keep the board of directors informed about 
the nature and content of its discussions, 
recommendations and actions to be taken; and
  6. The appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if 
any) shall be subject to review by the Risk 
Management Committee
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2025, RMC committee comprises 
of 5 (Five) members. The Company Secretary of 
the Company acted as the Member and Secretary 
to the Committee.
  1 (One) RMC Meeting was held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for the meeting.
  The date of the meeting and attendance of RMC members in the said meeting is given below:
Date of Meeting Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Paresh Shah Ms. Prajakta Patil 
(refer note)
Category Chairperson Member Member Member Member
March 21, 2025
  Note: Ms. Prajakta Patil ceased to be the Member of the Risk Management Committee with effect from May 20, 2025 pursuant to her resignation as  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of the Company.
 5. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) 
COMMITTEE
  The Corporate Social Responsibility (‘‘the CSR”) 
Committee of the Board of Directors is entrusted 
with the responsibility of identifying the areas of CSR 
activities, recommending the amount of expenditure 
to be incurred and implementing and monitoring 
the CSR policy from time to time. The composition, 
quorum, powers, role and scope are in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 135 of the Act.
  Terms of Reference
  1. Formulate and approve revisions to this Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy and recommend the 
same to the Board for its approval;
  2. Formulate and recommend to the Board, an 
annual action plan in pursuance to CSR policy;
  3. Recommend the annual CSR expenditure budget 
to the Board for its approval;
  4. Establish monitoring mechanisms to track each 
CSR Program and review the same at such 
intervals as the CSR Committee may deem fit;
  5. Undertaking wherever appropriate 
benchmarking exercises with other corporates to 
reassure itself of the efficacy and effectiveness of 
Company‘s CSR spends.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2025, CSR committee comprises of 
3 (Three) members. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  1 (One) CSR Meeting was held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for the meeting.
  The date of the meeting and attendance of CSR committee members in the said meeting is given below:
Date of Meetings Mr. Velji K. Gogri 
(refer note)
Mr. Mulesh Savla 
(refer note) Mr. Paresh Shah Mr. Shantilal Vora
Category Chairperson Chairperson Member Member
May 14, 2024 NA
  Note: The Board of Directors at their meeting held on August 12, 2024, re-constituted the Committees of the Board. Mr. Velji K. Gogri ceased to be 
the Member & Chairman of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and for the subsequent meetings of the Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee, Mr. Mulesh Savla has been inducted as the Member & Chairman of the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.
  The Company has formulated a CSR Policy for determining the activities and responsibilities of the Company for incurring 
expenditure as per the provisions of the Act. The policy is available on the Company’s website www.valiantlabs.in. 
62
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 55 =====
IV. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS 
 Details of last three Annual General Meetings are as under:
For Financial Year Day, Date and Time Venue Special Resolution passed 
FY 2021-22 Tuesday, September 27, 2022  
11:00 A.M.
Registered Office None
FY 2022-23 Wednesday, September 23, 2023
11:00 A.M.
Registered Office None
FY 2023-24 Thursday, August 8, 2024,
 11:00 A.M
Registered Office 1. Appointment of Mr. Mulesh Savla (DIN: 
07474847) as Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company
2. Enhancement in the existing borrowing limit 
under Section 180 (1) (c) of the Companies Act, 
2013.
3. Creation of Charges on the Assets of the Company 
under Section 180 (1) (a) of the Companies Act, 
2013, to secure the Borrowings.
4. Approval for grant of loans or to invest in Bodies 
Corporates or to issue guarantee or provide 
security under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 
2013.
In Financial Year Day, Date and Time Venue Special Resolution passed 
FY 2021-22 Monday, February 21, 2022
 10:00 A.M.
Registered Office 1. Approval of Shareholders for Selling or Disposal 
of Undertaking of a Company or Shares of 
Subsidiaries pursuant to Section 180 (1) (a) of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
2. Approval of Shareholders for increasing the 
Borrowing limits of the Company pursuant to 
Section 180(1) (c) of the Companies Act, 2013.
3. Approval of Shareholders for change in 
designation of Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 
07633852) from Executive Director to Non- 
Executive Director.
FY 2021-22 Thursday, March 24, 2022
10:00 A.M.
Registered Office 1. Approval of Shareholders for issuance of 14,80,000 
Bonus Shares in the ratio 1:10, pursuant to Section 63 
of the Companies Act, 2013.
FY 2022-23 Friday, January 20, 2023
11:00 A.M.
Registered Office 1. Approval of Shareholders for “Valiant Laboratories 
– Employee Stock Option Plan – 2023”.
2. Approval of Shareholders for Grant of Employee 
Stock options to employees of Subsidiary 
Company under “Valiant Laboratories – 
Employee Stock Option Plan – 2023”.
FY 2022-23 Monday March 20, 2023
11:00 A.M.
Registered Office 1. Approval of Shareholders for Issue of Equity 
Shares to Public (IPO).
 FY 2023-2024 Sunday, September 03, 2023
11:00 A.M.
Registered Office No Special Resolutions Passed
 Extraordinary General Meetings:
SR
63
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 56 =====
 Postal Ballot:
 Details of Special Resolution(s) passed through Postal Ballot during the Financial Year 2024-25:
 The Company through its Postal Ballot Notice dated November 12, 2024, sought and obtained approval of the Shareholders of the 
Company through remote e-voting on the following resolution(s) as set out in the Postal Ballot Notice:
Details Type of 
Resolution
Votes cast in favour Votes cast against
No. of Votes % No. of Votes %
Appointment of Mr. Ashok Lakhamshi Chheda 
(DIN: 10776571) as Non-Executive Independent 
Director of the Company
Special
Resolution
3,26,09,748 99.99 425 0.01
Scrutinizer for Postal Ballot Sunil M. Dedhia & Co., Practising Company Secretary
Date of commencement of Postal Ballot November 20, 2024
Date of closing of Postal Ballot December 19, 2024
Declaration of results of Postal Ballot December 20, 2024
 Procedure followed by the Company for conducting 
Postal Ballot:
 The Company had sent the Postal Ballot Notice by way 
of e-mail to the Members whose names appeared in the 
Register of Members / Register of Beneficial Owners 
maintained by the Depositories as on Friday, November 
15, 2024 (Cut-off Date) and who had registered their email 
IDs with the Depositories / Depository Participants / 
Company. The Company had offered remote e-voting 
facility to all its Members as on the Cut-off Date to exercise 
their right to vote. For this purpose, the Company had 
engaged the services of NSDL for the purpose of providing 
remote e-voting facility to all its members. The remote 
e-voting period commenced from 9:00 a.m. (IST) on 
Wednesday, November 20, 2024, and ended at 5.00 p.m. 
(IST) on Thursday, December 19, 2024. 
 The Board of Directors appointed CS Sunil M. Dedhia, 
Practising Company Secretary (Membership No. F3483 
and Certificate of Practice No. 2031), Proprietor of Sunil M. 
Dedhia and Co., Company Secretaries, as Scrutinizer for 
conducting the Postal Ballot, through the e-voting process, 
in a fair and transparent manner.
 The results were declared on December 20, 2024, wherein the 
Special Resolution(s) were passed with requisite majority.
 The results of the Postal Ballot were uploaded on the Stock 
Exchanges and simultaneously uploaded on the website of 
the Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 Further, as on the date of this report, it is not proposed to 
pass any special resolution through postal ballot.
V. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
 Quarterly Results
 The Company communicates to the Stock Exchanges 
about the quarterly financial results within the prescribed 
timeline from the conclusion of the Board Meetings in 
which the financial results are approved. The results are 
usually published in Financial Express (English edition) 
and Mumbai Lakshadeep (Marathi edition). These results 
are also available on the website of the Company at  
www.valiantlabs.in.
 Website
 In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, 
separate dedicated tabs under the heading(s) “Investors” 
and “Disclosures” are created on the website of the 
Company at www.valiantlabs.in which gives information 
on various announcements made by the Company, such 
as Disclosures to Exchanges, Newspaper publications, 
Financials of Subsidiary, Annual Report, Quarterly/Half-
yearly/Nine-months and Annual financial results along 
with the applicable policies & codes to the Company.
 Quarterly Compliance Reports on Corporate Governance 
(now Integrated Filings – Governance) and other relevant 
information of interest to the Investors are also placed 
under the Investors section on the Company’s website.
VI. GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INFORMATION
1 CIN L24299MH2021PLC365904
2 Registered Office/Address for correspondence 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund West, 
Mumbai – 400080.
3 Name and Address of each stock exchange(s) at which the listed entity's securities are listed
BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001
National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051.
The Company has paid the Annual Listing Fees of the Stock Exchanges and Annual Custodial Fees of the Depositories 
for the FY 2025-26.
64
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 57 =====
4 Registrar to an issue and Share transfer agents MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd.
(Formerly Known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.) 
C-101, 247 Park, L. B. S. Marg,
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083.
Tel. No. +91 22 49186000
Fax No. 022 – 4918 6060
Email ID: rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com 
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com 
5 Share transfer System As per the Listing Regulations, Transfer / Transmission of Equity 
Shares of the Company can be made only in dematerialised form. 
As on March 31, 2025, the entire paid-up Equity Share Capital 
of the Company is held in dematerialised form with National 
Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited.
6 Plant Locations Plot No. L– 13 & 30, MIDC Tarapur, Boisar, District Palghar – 401506.
7 Financial Calendar
Financial Year April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026
Tentative schedule for the Financial Year 2025-26
June, 2025 Last week of July/ 1st week of August, 2025, or on or before 
August 14, 2025
September, 2025 Last week of October/ 1st week of November, 2025, or on or 
before November 14, 2025
December, 2025 Last week of January/ 1st week of February, 2026, or on or before 
February 14, 2026
March, 2026 1st/2nd week of May, 2026, or on or before May 30, 2026
8 Annual General Meeting
Day and Date Thursday, September 25, 2025
Time 11:30 A.M.
Venue Annual General Meeting would be held through video 
conferencing/other audio visual means.
(Deemed venue for meeting: Registered Office of the Company).
9 Cut Off Date for E-voting September 18, 2025
10 Dividend Payment Date Not Applicable as no dividend recommended by the Board of 
Directors.
11 Dematerialization of shares and liquidity As on March 31, 2025, all the equity shares of the company are 
held in dematerialised form.
12 Credit Rating obtained (during the FY 2024-2025)
Long term Bank Loan Facilities
Date Rating Status
April 04, 2024 CRISIL A-/
Negative
Reaffirmed
August 22, 2024 CRISIL BBB+/
Negative
(Downgraded from 
‘CRISIL A-/Negative’)
February 18, 2025 CRISIL BBB/
Negative
(Downgraded from 
‘CRISIL BBB+/Negative’)
13 Cases where securities are suspended from 
trading
Not Applicable
14 Outstanding Global Depository Receipts or 
American Depository Receipts or warrants or any 
convertible instruments, if any.
The Company has not issued any GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any 
other convertible instruments.
15 Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk 
and hedging activities, if any
The details of foreign currency exposure are disclosed at 
appropriate places in the Financial Statements.
SR
65
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 58 =====
 16 Shareholding as on March 31, 2025:
  A. Category of Equity Shareholding:
As on March 31, 2025
Category No. of Shares %
Promoter and Promoter Group 3,25,61,000 74.94
Foreign Portfolio Investors 2,78,686 0.64
Insurance Companies 0 0.00
Resident Individuals 70,75,782 16.28
Non Resident Indians (NRIs) 70,639 0.16
Body Corporate 29,62,541 6.82
Body Corp-Ltd Liability Partnership 28,740 0.07
Hindu Undivided Family 4,72,612 1.09
Total 4,34,50,000   100.00
   Shareholding Pattern
  B. Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2025:
No. of Shares Shareholders Share Amount
Number % Rs. %
1 to 5000 13,451 87.96  1,46,72,800 3.38
5001 to 10000 836 5.47  66,19,140 1.52
10001 to 20000 499 3.26  75,72,690 1.74
20001 to 30000 169 1.11  43,21,300 0.99
30001 to 40000 69 0.45  24,57,540 0.57
40001 to 50000 62 0.41  29,23,710 0.67
50001 to 100000 122 0.80  93,02,270 2.14
Above 100001 85 0.56  38,66,30,550 88.98
TOTAL : 15,293 100.00 43,45,00,000 100.00
 17 Green initiative:
  As a responsible corporate citizen, the Company welcomes and supports the ‘Green Initiative’ undertaken by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs, Government of India, and the Securities & Exchange Board of India enabling electronic delivery of 
documents, including the Annual Report to shareholders at their e-mail address registered with the Depository Participant 
(DPs) and Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA).
  Shareholders who have not yet registered their e-mail addresses are requested to do so. Those holding shares in demat form 
can register their e-mail address with their concerned DPs. 
Promoter and Promoter Group
Foreign Portfolio Investors
Insurance Companies
Resident Individuals
Non Resident Indians (NRIs)
Body Corporate
Body Corp-Ltd Liability Partnership
Hindu Undivided Family
74.94%
0.64%
16.28%
0.16%
0.07%
1.09%
6.82%
66
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 59 =====
  Further, in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, a letter is being sent to those Members 
who have not registered their e-mail addresses with the 
Company / MUFG Intime India Private Limited (Formerly 
Link Intime India Private Limited) - Registrar and Transfer 
Agent / Depository Participants, providing a web link 
where the Annual Report for the Financial Year 2024-25 
and the Notice of the 4th Annual General Meeting of the 
Company can be accessed on the Company’s website. 
VII. OTHER DISCLOSURES:
 1. All related party transactions that were entered into 
during the financial year were on an arm’s length 
basis, in the ordinary course of business and were 
in compliance with the applicable provisions of the 
Act and the Listing Regulations. Details of related 
party transactions entered into by the Company are 
included in the notes to accounts. Material individual 
transactions with related parties are in the normal 
course of business and do not have a potential conflict 
with the interests of the Company at large. Transactions 
with related parties entered into by the Company are 
placed before the Audit Committee periodically. 
  As required under Regulation 23(1) of the Listing 
Regulations, the Company has formulated a policy 
on dealing with related party transactions. The said 
policy is also available under the ‘Investor’ section of 
the website of the Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 2. There was no non-compliance by the Company and 
therefore, no penalties, strictures were imposed on the 
listed entity by stock exchange(s) or the Board or any 
statutory authority, on any matter related to capital 
markets, during the last three years;
 3. Pursuant to Section 177(9) and (10) of the Act and 
Regulation 22 of Listing Regulations, the Audit 
Committee and the Board have adopted a Whistle-
Blower Policy which provides an environment where 
every director / employee feels free and secure to 
report specific incidents of unethical behaviour, actual 
or suspected incidents of fraud or violation of the 
Company’s Code, investigate such reported incidents 
in a fair manner, taking appropriate disciplinary action 
against the delinquent director(s) and employee(s), 
ensuring that no director or employee is victimised or 
harassed for bringing such incidents to the attention of 
the Company. The Company affirms that there were 
no incidents of reporting unethical behaviour, actual 
or suspected fraud or violation of Company’s Code of 
Conduct during the financial year 2024-25.
 4. In order to restrict communication of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information (UPSI), the Company 
has adopted Code of Practices and Procedures for 
Fair Disclosure of UPSI in compliance with SEBI 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 as 
amended from time to time. The said Code is available 
on the Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in.
 5. The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of the Listing Regulations. Further, details regarding 
compliance with discretionary requirements as specified in Part E of Schedule II are as follows:
Sr. 
No. Particulars Remarks
1 Non-Executive Chairman’s Office The Company has appointed Mr. Mulesh Savla as a Non-Executive Chairman.
2 Woman Independent Director The Company has appointed Ms. Sonal Vira as a Woman Independent Director
3 Shareholder’s Rights As the quarterly and half yearly financial performance are published in the 
newspapers and are also posted on the Company’s website, the same are not 
being sent to the households of shareholders.
4 Audit Qualifications Auditors’ Report on the Company’s financial statements for FY 2024-25 is 
unmodified.
5 Separate posts of Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”)
The Company has separate posts of Chairman and Managing Director.
6 Reporting of Internal Auditor The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.
7 Independent Directors Meeting During the Financial Year 2024-25, the Independent Directors held two 
meetings, without the presence of non-independent directors and members of 
the management. All the Independent Directors of the Company were present 
in those meetings.
8 Risk Management Committee The Company has constituted a Risk Management Committee as per the 
requirements of Regulation 21 of the the Listing Regulations.
 6. The ‘Policy for Determining Material Subsidiary’ pursuant to Regulation 16(1) (c) of Listing Regulations, has been adopted 
by the Board at its meeting held on May 14, 2024, and the same has been hosted on the website of the Company at www.
valiantlabs.in. 
  In terms of the above policy, the Company’s subsidiary, namely, Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (‘VASPL’) is 
considered a material subsidiary. 
SR
67
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 60 =====
  VASPL was incorporated on July 8, 2022, in Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, India. Further, Rishabh S. Vora & Co. is 
the Auditor of the Company, who was appointed on 
September 11, 2023.
  Except the said entity, the Company does not have any 
other material subsidiary.
 7. The Company has not raised funds through 
preferential allotment or Qualified Institutions 
Placement, as specified under Regulation 32 (7A).
 8. Total fees for all services paid by the Company to the 
statutory auditors and all entities in the network firm/
network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part:
Particulars (Amount in Rs.)
Audit Fees 1,75,000/-
Certification Charges 0
Out of pocket expenses 0
Other Services 2,65,933/-
Total 4,40,933/-
 9. Disclosures in relation to Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013;
Number of complaints filed 
during the financial year
NIL
Number of complaints disposed of 
during the financial year
NIL
Number of complaints pending as 
on end of the financial year
NIL
 10. During the year under review, the Company has not 
given any loans/advances to the firms/Companies in 
which directors are interested.
 11. The Company hereby confirms compliance with the 
requirements of Report on Corporate Governance as 
specified in sub-paras (2) to (10) of Part C of Schedule 
V of Listing Regulations.
 12. The Company has complied with all the mandatory 
corporate governance requirements under the Listing 
Regulations. The Company confirms compliance 
with corporate governance requirements specified 
in Regulations 17 to 27 and sub-regulation (2) of 
Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations.
 13. The Company does not have any shares in the demat 
suspense account or unclaimed suspense account, as 
all its shares are fully dematerialised.
 14. The Company has not entered into any type of 
agreement which binds the Company under clause 
5A of paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of 
Listing Regulations.
VIII. CODE OF CONDUCT FOR DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
 The Board of Directors has adopted Code of Conduct for 
the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel 
of the Company in terms of Regulation 17(5) of the Listing 
Regulations. All Board members and Senior Management 
Personnel have affirmed their compliance with the said 
Code for the financial year ended March 31, 2025. A 
declaration to this effect signed by the Managing Director 
is appended as Annexure – ‘I’ to this report. The said Code 
of Conduct may be viewed on the Company’s website  
www.valiantlabs.in.
IX. CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION 
OF DIRECTORS
 The Company has obtained a certificate from M/s Sunil 
Dedhia and Co., practising company secretary confirming that 
none of the Directors on the Board of Directors of the Company 
have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or 
continuing as directors of the Company by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India / Ministry of Corporate Affairs or 
any such statutory authority. A copy of the said certificate is 
appended hereto as Annexure – ‘II’ to this report.
X. CERTIFICATION FOR FINANCIAL 
REPORTING AND INTERNAL CONTROLS 
(CEO/ CFO CERTIFICATION):  
 Pursuant to Regulation 17 (8) of the Listing Regulations, 
a certificate duly signed by the Managing Director of the 
Company is appended as Annexure ‘III’ to this report.
XI. CERTIFICATE FROM THE STATUTORY 
AUDITOR OF THE COMPANY FOR 
COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:
 A certificate from M/s. Raman Shah and Co., Chartered 
Accountants, regarding compliance with the conditions of 
Corporate Governance as stipulated in Part E of Schedule 
V of the Listing Regulations is appended as Annexure ‘IV’ 
to this Report.
For and on behalf of the Board
  Sd/- Sd/-
  Paresh Shah Santosh Vora
  Executive Director & Managing Director
  Chief Financial Officer DIN: 07633923
  DIN: 08291953 
Place: Mumbai 
Date: August 08, 2025
68
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 61 =====
Annexure ‘I’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance  
DECLARATION BY THE MANAGING DIRECTOR UNDER REGULATION 34 (3) OF 
SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 
2015 REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE OF CONDUCT FOR THE BOARD 
OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY 
As provided under Regulation 34 (3) read with Para D of Schedule V to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the members of Board of Directors and the Senior Management Personnel have affirmed their compliance with the 
Code of Conduct as applicable to them, for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2025. 
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/-
Santosh Vora
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 08, 2025
SR
69
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 62 =====
Annexure ‘II’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance 
CERTIFICATE FROM A PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARY WITH RESPECT TO 
DISQUALIFICATION OR OTHERWISE OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of the SEBI  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
Valiant Laboratories Limited
(CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904)
104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road,
Mulund(West), Mumbai 400080
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Valiant Laboratories 
Limited having CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904 and having registered office at 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (W), Mumbai 400080 (hereinafter referred to as 'the Company'), produced before me by the Company for the purpose of 
issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) 
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Company and its officers, I 
hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ended  31st March, 2025, 
have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority:
Sr. 
No. Name DIN Date of Appointment Date of Cessation (as Director)
1 Santosh Shantilal Vora 07633923 16/08/2021 Continuing
2 Shantilal Shivji Vora 07633852 16/08/2021 Continuing
3 Paresh Shashikant Shah 08291953 16/08/2021 Continuing
4 Velji Karamshi Gogri 02714758 06/02/2022 12/11/2024
5 Sonal Amit Vira 09505883 16/02/2022 Continuing
6 Sandeep Gupta 09245060 23/02/2022 Continuing
7 Ashok Lakhamshi Chheda 10776571 12/11/2024 Continuing
8 Mulesh Manilal Savla 07474847 14/05/2024 Continuing
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment or continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of 
the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on the same, based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance 
as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs 
of the Company.
Sd/-
CS Sunil M. Dedhia 
Proprietor, Sunil M. Dedhia & Co. 
Practising Company Secretary 
FCS No: 3483 C.P. No. 2031 
Peer Review Certificate No. 867/2020 
UDIN: F003483G000463184 
Place: Mumbai 
Date: May 27, 2025
70
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 63 =====
Annexure ‘III’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance 
CERTIFICATION UNDER REGULATION 17 (8) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
To,
The Board of Directors of
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Sub: MD / CFO Certificate under Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
Dear Sir/Madam,
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(‘the Company’), to the best of our knowledge and belief, hereby certify that:
(a) We have reviewed financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2025, and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:
 (i) These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that 
might be misleading;
 (ii) These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing 
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended, which are 
fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.
(c) We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting in the Company and we have 
evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. We have disclosed 
to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are 
aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:
 (i) Significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
 (ii) Significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial 
statements; and
 (iii) Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or an 
employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
For and on behalf of the Board
 Sd/- Sd/-
 Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
 Managing Director Executive Director &
 DIN: 07633923  Chief Financial Officer
  DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 08, 2025
SR
71
Annual Report 2024-25
Statutory Reports

===== PAGE 64 =====
Annexure ‘IV’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance 
PRACTISING CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The Members,
Valiant Laboratories Limited
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund West, Mumbai – 400080
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Valiant Laboratories Limited  
(CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904), for the year ended on March 31, 2025, as stipulated in the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015; (“Listing Regulations”).
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our examination has been limited 
to a review of the procedures and implementations thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with the conditions 
of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial 
statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the representations made 
by the Directors and the Management, we certify that the Company has, complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as 
stipulated in the Listing Regulations.
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Yours Faithfully
For Raman S. Shah & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.:- 111919W
Sd/-
Raman Shah 
Proprietor
Membership No: 33272
UDIN: 25033272BMGDSS1342
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 08, 2025
72
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 65 =====
Standalone 
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 66 =====
Independent Auditors' Report
To 
Board of Directors of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Report on Audit of Standalone Audited Financial 
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial 
Statements of Valiant Laboratories Limited ("the Company") 
which comprises the Balance sheet as at 31st March 2025,  the 
Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive 
Income), the Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement 
of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date and notes to the 
financial statements, including a summary of material accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Standalone Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone Financial 
Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 
(the “Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in 
conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under 
section 133 of the Act, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company 
as at March 31, 2025 and its profit, total comprehensive income, 
changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SA”s) specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those 
Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of 
our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance 
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements under the provisions of the Act and the 
Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence 
obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our audit opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Key audit Matter
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have 
determined the matters described below to be the key audit 
matters to be communicated in our report.
Sr.No Key Audit Matter Auditors Response
1. Accuracy, Completeness and disclosure with 
reference to Ind AS 16 of Property, Plant and 
Equipment
Peculiarity and technical complexities of Property, 
Plant and Equipment used in the operations and 
different IT systems used for maintaining Fixed 
Asset Register (FAR) requires more attention to 
ensure reasonably accurateness and completeness 
of financial reporting in respect of Property, Plant 
and Equipment.
Principal Audit Procedures
Our audit approach consisted of testing the design and operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls and substantive testing as follows:
(a) We assessed the Company’s process regarding maintenance of 
records, Valuation and accounting of transactions relating to 
Property, Plant and Equipment as per the Ind AS 16.
(b) We have evaluated the design of Internal Controls relating to 
recording and valuation of Property, Plant and Equipment.
(c) We have carried out substantive audit procedures at financial and 
assertion level to verify the capitalisation of assets as Property, Plant 
and Equipment.
(d) We have verified the maintenance of records and accounting of 
transactions regarding capital work in progress by carrying out 
substantive audit procedures at financial and assertion levels.
Further, due to technical complexities management 
is required to assess and make estimates/
judgments about capitalisation, estimated useful 
life, impairment etc. which has material impact on 
Balance Sheet and operating results
(e) We have reviewed management judgement pertaining to estimation 
of useful life and depreciation of the Property, Plant and Equipment 
in accordance with Schedule II of Companies Act, 2013.
(f) We have verified the capitalisation of borrowing cost incurred on 
qualifying asset in accordance with the Ind AS 23.
74
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 67 =====
Sr.No Key Audit Matter Auditors Response
2. Valuation, Accuracy, Completeness and 
disclosures pertaining to Inventories with 
reference to Ind AS 2.
Inventories constitutes material component of 
financial statement. Correctness, completeness and 
valuation are critical for reflecting true and fair 
financial statement of operations.
Principal Audit Procedures
Our audit approach consisted testing of the design and operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls and substantive testing as follows:
a) We assessed the Company’s process regarding Maintenance of 
records, Valuation and accounting of transactions relating to 
Inventory as per the Indian Accounting Standard 
b) We have evaluated the design of Internal Controls relating to 
recording and valuation of Inventory.
c) We have carried out substantive audit procedures at financial and 
assertion level to verify the allocation of overheads to Inventory.
d) We have verified the compliance with the standard norms relating 
to production as framed and timely updated by the management
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s 
Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business 
Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance 
and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include consolidated 
financial statements, Standalone Financial Statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements 
or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is 
a material misstatement of this other information, we are required 
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Management's Responsibilities for the Standalone 
Financial statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters 
stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation 
of these Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair 
view of the financial position, financial performance, changes in 
equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the Ind 
AS and accounting principles generally accepted in India. This 
responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for 
safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and 
detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application 
of appropriate implementation and maintenance of accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable 
and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively 
for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view and 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, management 
is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or 
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the standalone financial statement as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted 
in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement 
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users 
taken on the basis of these financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the standalone financial statement, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive 
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The 
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)
(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has 
adequate internal financial controls system in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls.
	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
FS
75
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 68 =====
related disclosures made by the management and the 
Board of Directors.
	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors' 
use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. If we 
conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required 
to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related 
disclosures in the financial statement or, if such disclosures 
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are 
based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the standalone financial statement, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statement represent 
the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone 
financial statement that, individually or in aggregate, makes 
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statement 
may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in
(i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the 
results of our work; and
(ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the 
standalone financial statement.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law 
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a 
matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected 
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:
 (a) We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
 (b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books.
 (c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
including the Statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income, the Cash Flow Statement and Statement of 
Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in 
agreement with the books of account.
 (d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial 
statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended.
 (e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors as on March 31, 2025 taken on record 
by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is 
disqualified as on March 31, 2025 from being appointed 
as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
 (f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial 
Statements of the Company and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report 
in “Annexure A”. Our report expresses an unmodified 
opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness 
of the Company’s internal financial controls with 
reference to Standalone Financial Statements.
 (g) With the respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the 
requirements of Section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:
  In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors 
during the year is in accordance with the provisions 
of the Section 197 of the Act. The remuneration 
paid to any director is not in excess of the limit laid 
down under Section 197 of the Act. The Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs has not prescribed other details 
under Section 197(16) of the Act which are required to 
be commented upon by us.
 (h) With respect to the other matters to be included in 
the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in 
our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us:
  i. The Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its financial position in its 
Standalone Financial Statements – Refer Note 34 
to the Standalone Financial Statements.
  ii. The Company has made provision, as required 
under the applicable law or accounting 
standards, for material foreseeable losses, if 
any, on long-term contracts including derivative 
contracts – Refer Note 34 to the Standalone 
Financial Statements.
  iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts 
required to be transferred, to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the Company 
{or, following are the instances of delay in 
transferring amounts, required to be transferred, 
to the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
by the Company.
76
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 69 =====
  iv. The company has not declared or paid any 
dividend during the year.
   (a) The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
other than disclosed in the notes, no funds 
have been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the Company to or in any other 
person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (b) The Management has represented, that, to 
the best of its knowledge and belief, other 
than disclosed in the notes to accounts, no 
funds have been received by the Company 
from any person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (c) Based on such audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as 
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain 
any material misstatement.
  v. Based on our examination, which included 
test checks, the Company has used accounting 
software systems for maintaining its books of 
account for the financial year ended March 31, 
2025 which have the feature of recording audit 
trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated 
throughout the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software systems. Further, 
during the course of our audit we did not come 
across any instance of the audit trail feature 
being tampered with and the audit trail has been 
preserved by the Company as per the statutory 
requirements for record retention.
2. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 
2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government 
of India in terms of Sub-Section (11) of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, we give in the “Annexure B”, a 
statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of 
the Order, to the extent applicable.
For RAMAN S SHAH & CO
Chartered accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Raman S Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai Membership No. 033272
Date:20/05/2025 UDIN: 25033272BMGDPB2831
FS
77
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 70 =====
Annexure “A” to the Independent Auditor’s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to the Members of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited of even date)
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with 
reference to Standalone Financial Statements under 
Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“the Company”) 
as of March 31, 2025, in conjunction with our audit of the 
Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial 
Controls
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and 
maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal control 
over financial reporting criteria established by the Company 
considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India. These responsibilities include the design, 
implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly 
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to 
company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit 
of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the 
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements 
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence 
about the adequacy of the internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit 
of internal financial controls over financial reporting included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness 
exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including 
the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the 
Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion 
on the Company’s internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting
1) A company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
Standalone Financial Statements for external purposes is in 
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that
2) Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company.
3) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Standalone 
Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance 
with authorizations of management and directors of 
the company. and
4) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company's assets that could have a 
material effect on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over 
financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to Standalone Financial Statements and such internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements were 
operating effectively as at March 31, 2025, based on the criteria for 
internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial 
Statements established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the ICAI.
For RAMAN S SHAH & CO
Chartered accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Raman S Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai Membership No. 033272
Date:20/05/2025 UDIN: 25033272BMGDPB2831
78
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 71 =====
Annexure “B” to the Independent Auditor’s Report
Annexure B referred to in paragraph 2 under ‘Report 
on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section 
of our Report of even date to the members of Valiant 
Laboratories Limited on the accounts of the company 
for the year ended March 31, 2025.
On the basis of such checks as we considered appropriate and 
according to the information and explanations given to us during 
the course of our audit, we report that:
(i) (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper 
records showing full particulars, including 
quantitative details and situation of Property, 
Plant & Equipment.
  (B) The company has maintaining proper records 
showing full particulars of intangible assets.
 (b) As explained to us, the Company has phased 
program of physical verification of Property Plant 
& Equipment’s by which all Property, Plant & 
Equipment’s are verified over a period of three years. 
In our opinion, periodicity of the physical verification 
is reasonable having regard to the size of the Company 
and nature of assets. According to the information 
and explanation given to us no material discrepancies 
were noticed on such verification;
 (c) The title deeds of immovable properties (other than 
properties where the Company is the lessee and the 
lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the 
lessee) disclosed in notes to the standalone financial 
statements are held in the name of the Company.
 (d) The Company has not revalued its Property, Plant 
and Equipment (including Right of Use assets) and 
intangible assets during the year;
 (e) According to the information and explanation given to 
us and on the basis of examination of the records of the 
Company, there are no Proceedings are initiated or no 
pending cases against the company for holding Benami 
Property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) 
Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder;
(ii) (a) The management has conducted physical verification 
of inventory at reasonable intervals during the year. 
In our opinion the coverage and the procedure of such 
verification by the management is appropriate. No 
discrepancies of 10% or more in aggregate for each class 
of inventory were noticed on such physical verification.
 (b) According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company has been 
sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five 
crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks on the basis of 
security of current assets. In our opinion, the quarterly 
returns or statements filed by the Company with such 
banks are in agreement with the books of account 
of the Company.
(iii) (a) During the year, the Company has provided loans to companies as follows: -
Particulars Guarantees Security Loans Advances in 
nature of loans
Aggregate amount granted/ provided 
during the year
- Subsidiaries, joint operation Nil Nil Nil Nil
- Others* Nil Nil Nil Nil
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet 
date in respect of above cases
- Subsidiaries, joint operation Nil Nil Nil Nil
- Others Nil Nil Nil Nil
  During the year, the Company has not provided loans, 
advances in loans, stood guarantee and provided 
security to firms, limited liability partnerships or 
any other parties.
 (b) During the year the investments made in companies 
and the terms and conditions of the grant of all loans 
provided to companies are not prejudicial to the 
Company’s interest. During the year the Company 
has not made investments, provided guarantees, 
security and granted loans and advances in the nature 
of loans to firms, limited liability partnerships or 
any other parties.
 (c) In respect of loans or advances in the nature of 
loans granted by the Company, the schedule of 
repayment of principal has been stipulated and the 
repayments are regular.
 (d) There are no amounts of loans and advances in the 
nature of loans granted to companies, firms, limited 
liability partnerships or any other parties which are 
overdue for more than ninety days.
 (e) The Company has not granted any loans or advances 
in the nature of loans that are either repayable 
on demand or without specifying any terms or 
period of repayment.
(iv) There are no loans, guarantees, and security in respect of 
which provisions of sections 185 of the Companies Act, 
2013 are applicable and hence not commented upon. Loans 
and investments in respect of which provisions of sections 
186 of the Companies Act, 2013 are applicable have been 
complied with by the Company
(v) The Company has neither accepted any deposits from 
the public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed 
FS
79
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 72 =====
to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of 
the Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, to the 
extent applicable. Accordingly, the requirement to report on 
clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(vi) We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained 
by the Company pursuant to the rules made by the Central 
Government for the maintenance of cost records under 
section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, related to the 
manufacture of Drugs and Pharmaceutical, and are of the 
opinion that prima facie, the specified accounts and records 
have been made and maintained. We have not, however, 
made a detailed examination of the same.
(vii) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and based on the records of the company examined by us, 
in respect of Statutory Dues,
 (a) The Company generally been regular in depositing 
undisputed statutory dues including Goods and 
Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employee State 
Insurance, Income tax, custom duty, cess and any other 
statutory dues to the appropriate authorities and there 
are no arrears of outstanding statutory dues as on the 
last day of the FY concerned for a period of more than 
6 months from the date they became payable.
 (b) There is no dues of goods and services tax, provident 
fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, sales-
tax, service tax, duty of custom, duty of excise, value 
added tax, cess, and other statutory dues have not 
been deposited on account of any dispute.
(viii) There were no transactions relating to previously 
unrecorded income that have been surrendered or disclosed 
as income during the year in the tax assessments under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
(ix) (a) The company has not defaulted in repayment of loans 
or other borrowings or in the payments of interest 
thereon to any lender;
 (b) According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our audit procedures, we 
report that the company has not been declared willful 
defaulter by any bank or financial institution or 
government or any government authority.
 (c) According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our audit procedure, the 
term loans were applied for the purpose for which the 
loan were obtained.
 (d) According to the information and explanations given 
to us, and the procedures performed by us, and on 
an overall examination of the financial statements of 
the company, we report that no funds raised on Short 
Term basis have been used for Long Term purposes 
by the company.
 (e) According to the information and explanations given 
to us, and the procedures performed by us, Company 
has not taken any funds from any entity or person on 
account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, 
associates or joint ventures;
 (f) The Company has not raised loans during the year 
on the pledge of securities held by the subsidiaries, 
associates or joint ventures.
(x) (a) The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial 
public offer or further public offer (including debt 
instruments) during the year and hence reporting 
under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b) The company has not made any preferential allotment 
or private placement of shares or convertible 
debentures (fully, partially or optionally convertible) 
during the year.
(xi) (a) No fraud by the company or on the company has been 
noticed or reported during the year.
 (b) No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of 
the Companies Act has been filed by the auditors 
in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the 
Central Government.
 (c) According to the information and explanations given 
to us, and the procedures performed by us, there are no 
whistle-blower complaints received by the Company 
during the year and up to the date of this Report.
(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company as per the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013. Therefore, the requirement to 
report on clause 3(xii)(a), 3(xii) (b) and 3(xii)(c) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
(xiii) In our opinion, the Company is in compliance with Section 
177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to 
applicable transactions with the related parties and the 
details of related party transactions have been disclosed 
in the standalone financial statements as required by the 
applicable accounting standards.
(xiv) (a) In our opinion the Company has an adequate internal 
audit system commensurate with the size and the 
nature of its business.
 (b) We have considered, the internal audit reports for the 
year under audit, issued to the Company during the 
year and till date, in determining the nature, timing 
and extent of our audit procedures.
(xv) In our Opinion during the year, the Company has not 
entered into any non-cash transactions with its directors or 
persons connected with its directors. and hence provisions 
of Section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable 
to the Company.
(xvi) (a) In our opinion, the Company is not required to be 
registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of 
India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)
(a), (b) and (c) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b) In our opinion, there is no core investment company 
within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment 
Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and 
accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the 
Order is not applicable.
 (c) The Company is not a Core Investment Company as 
defined in the regulations made by Reserve Bank of 
India. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 
3(xvi) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (d) There is no Core Investment Company as a part of 
the Group, hence, the requirement to report on clause 
3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
80
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 73 =====
(xvii) The Company has not incurred cash losses during the 
financial year covered by our audit and the immediately 
preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
during the year and accordingly requirement to report on 
Clause 3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company
(xix) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realization of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the 
financial statements, the auditor’s knowledge of the Board 
of Directors and management plans, and based on our 
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, 
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to 
believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of 
the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of 
meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as 
and when they fall due within a period of one year from the 
balance sheet date;
 We further state that our reporting is based on the facts 
up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any 
guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will 
get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
(xx) (a) In respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no 
unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to 
a fund specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act 
(the Act), in compliance with second proviso to sub 
section 5 of section 135 of the Act.
 (b) There are no unspent amounts in respect of ongoing 
projects, that are required to be transferred to a special 
account in compliance of provision of sub section (6) 
of section 135 of Companies Act.
(xxi) This clause is not applicable to the company as there is no 
Qualification or Adverse Remarks in an Audit Report of the 
subsidiary Company.
For RAMAN S SHAH & CO
Chartered accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Raman S Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai Membership No. 033272
Date:20/05/2025 UDIN: 25033272BMGDPB2831
FS
81
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 74 =====
Standalone Balance Sheet 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  As at  
March  31, 2025 
 As at  
March  31, 2024 
I. ASSETS
Non-Current assets
(a) Property, Plant & Equipment 2  2,949.56  3,097.00 
(b) Capital work-in-progress 2  16.61  21.86 
(c) Right of Use assets 3(a)  44.66  63.72 
(d) Other Intangible Assets 3(b)  7.48  -   
(e) Financial Assets
 (i) Investment in Subsidiaries 4.1  16,505.80  8,097.33 
 (ii) Other Financial Assets 5  282.07  264.14 
(f) Other non-current assets 6  -    1.99 
Total Non-Current assets  19,806.19  11,546.04 
Current assets
(a) Inventories 7  395.58  1,001.54 
(b) Financial Assets
 (i) Investments 4.2  -    3,761.17 
 (ii) Trade Receivables 8  7,210.02  4,572.15 
 (iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 9  479.89  222.67 
 (iv) Other Balances with Banks 10  2,254.00  9,449.34 
 (v) Loans 11  5.86  3.04 
 (vi) Other Financial Assets  -    -   
(c) Other Current assets 12  1,429.55  1,509.09 
(d) Current Tax Assets (Net) 13  147.03  407.81 
Total Current assets  11,921.93  20,926.81 
Total Assets  31,728.11  32,472.85 
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 14  4,345.00  4,345.00 
(b) Other Equity 15  19,093.31  19,343.19 
Total Equity  23,438.31  23,688.19 
LIABILITIES
Non-Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 16.1  5,940.02  5,940.02 
 (ii) Lease Liabilities 17.1  25.13  42.69 
 (iii) Other financial liabilities 18  96.14  96.14 
(b) Provisions 19.1  8.56  8.00 
(c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (net) 20  125.20  61.40 
(d) Other Non-Current Liabilities  -    -   
Total non-current liabilities  6,195.06  6,148.26 
Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 16.2  -    -   
 (ii) Lease Liabilities 17.2  23.10  23.10 
 (iii) Trade Payables 21
  A) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and small enterprises  6.90  25.07 
  B) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 1,933.16  2,451.36 
 (iv) Other Financial Liabilities 22  106.51  114.88 
(b) Other Current liabilities 23  11.53  10.43 
(c) Provisions 19.2  13.53  11.56 
Total current liabilities  2,094.74  2,636.40 
Total Equity and Liabilities  31,728.11  32,472.85 
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes. (Note No 1-41)
Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Ms. Prajakta Patil
Date - 20th May,2025 Company Secretary
UDIN - 25033272BMGDPB2831 ICSI M.No.: A53370
82
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 75 =====
The above statement of Profit and Loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes. (Note No 1-41)
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Ms. Prajakta Patil
Date - 20th May,2025 Company Secretary
UDIN - 25033272BMGDPB2831 ICSI M.No.: A53370
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  For the period  
March 31, 2025 
 For the period  
March 31, 2024 
I Revenue from operations 24  13,336.18  18,205.24 
II Other Income 25  542.81  968.15 
III Balance as on March 31, 2025  13,878.99  19,173.39 
IV EXPENDITURE
Cost of Materials Consumed 26  11,215.83  16,935.91 
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods & Work-in-Progress 27  386.10  (113.63)
Purchase of traded goods 28  56.14  2.78 
Employee Benefits Expense 29  438.80  431.28 
Finance Costs 30  17.53  7.78 
Depreciation and Amortization 31  202.46  194.79 
Other Expenses 32  1,706.91  1,789.74 
IV Total Expenditure  14,023.77  19,248.64 
V Profit Before Tax  (144.78)  (75.25)
VI Tax Expenses
Current Tax  5.68  (98.16)
Deferred Tax  64.56  (11.12)
VI Total Tax Expense  70.24  (109.29)
VII Profit for the year  (215.02)  34.03 
VIII Other Comprehensive Income
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent year
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  (3.03)  -   
 Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  23.44 
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit & loss
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  0.76  -   
 Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  (5.90)
VIII Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  (2.26)  17.54 
IX Total comprehensive income for the year   (VII + VIII) (Total of profit and other comprehensive 
income for the year)
 (217.28)  51.57 
Earnings per equity share of Rs. 10/- each (PY: Rs. 10/- each) 33
(1) Basic  (0.50)  0.14 
(2) Diluted  (0.50)  0.14 
FS
83
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 76 =====
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year ended March 31,2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING  ACTIVITIES 
Net Profit before tax and  extra ordinary items  (144.78)  (75.25)
Balance as on April 1, 2024 
Depreciation  202.46  194.79 
Interest  Paid  17.53  7.78 
Provision for Gratuity  4.69  -   
Provision for Leave Encashment  1.76  -   
Provision for doubtful debts  84.76  -   
Provision for bonus  16.48  -   
Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  93.39  -   
Foreign Exchange Gain/Loss  1.47  -   
Profit on disposal of asset  (0.48)  -   
Operating Profit /(Loss) before Working Capital Changes  277.28  127.33 
Adjusted for:
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables  (2,722.62)  4,284.68 
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories  605.96  302.70 
(Increase)/Decrease Loans  (2.83)  3,237.31 
(Increase)/Decrease Other Current Assets  (91.86)  (545.53)
(Increase)/Decrease in Financial Assets  (17.93)  (193.91)
(Increase)/Decrease Other non-Current Assets  1.99  4.84 
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payable  (536.36)  (2,253.20)
Increase/(Decrease) in Lease Liabilities  (17.56)  (15.96)
Increase/(Decrease) in Provisions  2.53  -   
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  1.11  (81.26)
Increase/(Decrease) in Financial Liabilities  (8.37)  (86.96)
Cash generated from operations  (2,508.66)  4,780.03 
Income Tax Paid  318.54  98.16 
Net cash from operating activities  (2,190.12)  4,878.19 
B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Purchase of property, plant & equipment (including capital advances)  (56.14)  (375.93)
Sale of property, plant & equipment  5.57  -   
Bank Balances not considered as Cash and Cash Equivalents  7,195.34  (9,441.34)
Other Investment  (8,408.47)  (8,455.64)
Redemption of investments  3,761.17  -   
Net Cash used in investing activities  2,497.47  (18,272.90)
C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES :
Interest Paid  (17.53)  (7.78)
Proceeds / (Repayments) of Borrowings ( net )  -    -   
Proceeds / (Repayments) of short term Borrowings  ( net )  -    -   
Expenses in relation to IPO  (32.60)  -   
Proceeds / (Repayments) of share capital  -    13,587.54 
Net Cash used in financing activities  (50.13)  13,579.76 
Net increase / (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  257.22  185.04 
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year  222.67  37.62 
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year  479.89  222.67 
1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Ind AS financial statements.
2. Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
3. Figures in brackets indicate cash outgo.
4. The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under “Indirect Method” set out in Ind AS 7 Statement of Cash Flow.
84
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 77 =====
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows 
for the year ended March 31,2025
5. Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
a. Cash on Hand  5.89  3.07 
b. Balances with Banks  474.00  219.59 
Total  479.89  222.67 
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Ms. Prajakta Patil
Date - 20th May,2025 Company Secretary
UDIN - 25033272BMGDPB2831 ICSI M.No.: A53370
FS
85
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 78 =====
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the period March 31, 2025
A. Equity Share Capital
Current Reporting Period 
(H In Lakhs.)
 Particulars  Balance as on 
April 1, 2024 
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors  
 Restated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods  
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
 Balance as on 
31-03-2025 
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  -    4,345.00  -    4,345.00 
Total  4,345.00  -    4,345.00  -    4,345.00 
(H In Lakhs.)
 Particulars  Balance as on 
April 1, 2023 
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors  
 Restated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods  
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
 Balance as on 
31-03-2024 
Ordinary Equity Shares  3,256.00  -    3,256.00  1,089.00  4,345.00 
Total  3,256.00  -    3,256.00  1,089.00  4,345.00 
B. Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Reserve and surplus Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total other 
equitySecurities 
Premium
Retained 
earnings
Balance at April 2023  1,633.90  5,159.18  -    6,793.08 
Net profit for the year  12,498.54  34.03  -    12,532.57 
Fair value changes of various financial instruments  -    17.54  -    17.54 
Bonus Issue during the year  -    -    -   
Balance as at 31st March 2024  14,132.44  5,210.75  -    19,343.19 
Net profit for the year  -    (215.02)  -    (215.02)
Remeasurement Gain/(Loss) on defined benefit plan 
(net off tax)
 -    -    (2.26)  (2.26)
Reserve during the year  (32.60)  -    -    (32.60)
Bonus Issue during the year  -    -    -    -   
Expenses incurred for issuance of Bonus Shares  -    -    -    -   
Balance as at 31st March 2025  14,099.84  4,995.73  (2.26)  19,093.31 
1 The above Statement of Changes in Equity be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
2 Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Ms. Prajakta Patil
Date - 20th May,2025 Company Secretary
UDIN - 25033272BMGDPB2831 ICSI M.No.: A53370
Previous Reporting Period
86
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 79 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED F.Y. 2024-25
Corporate Information
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED ("VLL" or "The 
Company" ) is public limited entity incorporated in India. The 
registered office of the Company is located at 104 UDYOG 
KSHETRA 1ST FLOOR MULUND GOREGAON LINK ROAD 
MULUND (W) MUMBAI MH 400080 INDIA. The Company is 
engaged in manufacturing and dealing in Pharmaceuticals and 
speciality chemicals. The Company & its Indian Subsidiary will 
be considered as Group
The financial statements of the Company for the year ended 
31.3.2025 were approved for issue in accordance with a resolution 
of the Board of Directors in its meeting held on 20th May, 2025
1 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements
 Statement of Compliance
 The financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India 
(referred to as “IND AS”) as prescribed under section 133 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 including 
presentation and disclosure requirements of Division II 
of Schedule III of the Act as amended from time to time.  
In addition, the guidance notes/announcements issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) 
are also applied except if compliance with other statutory 
promulgations require a different treatment.
 Accordingly, the Company has prepared these Financial 
Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 
31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 
March 31, 2025, the Statement of Cash Flows for the year 
ended March 31, 2025 and the Statement of Changes in 
Equity for the year ended as on that date, and accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (together 
hereinafter referred to as ‘Standalone Financial Statements’)
 Classification of Assets and Liabilities
 All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or 
non-current as per company’s normal operating cycle and 
other criteria set out in the Division II of Schedule III to the 
Companies Act, 2013  Based on the nature of products and 
the time between acquisition of assets for processing and 
their realisation in cash and cash equivalents, the company 
has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the 
purpose of current and non-current classification of assets 
and liabilities.
 Basis of Measurement
 These Financial statement are prepared under the historical 
cost convention on an accrual basis except for certain 
financial instrument, which are measured at fair value, 
which are disclosed in the financial statement.
 Functional and Presentation currency
 The financial statements are presented in Indian rupees 
(‘INR ‘) which is the functional currency of the company 
and all values are rounded to the nearest rupees in lakhs 
except otherwise indicated
 Use of accounting estimates and judgements
 The preparation of financial statements requires 
management judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that impacts the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, 
assets and liabilities, and the accompanying notes thereon. 
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates 
could result in outcomes that might require a material 
adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities 
in future periods.
 Estimates
 The preparation of the financial statements in conformity 
with IND AS requires management to make estimates, 
judgments and assumptions. These estimates, judgments 
and assumptions affect the application of accounting 
policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, 
the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date 
of financial statements and reported amounts of revenues 
and expenses during the period. Accounting estimates could 
change from period to period. Actual results could differ 
from those estimates. Appropriate changes in estimates 
are made as management becomes aware of circumstances 
surrounding the estimates. Changes in estimates are 
reflected in the financial statement in the period in which 
changes are made and if material, their effects are disclosed 
in the notes to the financial statements.
 The following are areas involving critical estimates:
 Impairment
 Accounting for Defined benefit plans
 Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets - Fair Valuation of Financial instruments
 Valuation of Inventories
 Judgments
 The company’s management has made the following 
judgement, which have the most significant effect on the 
amounts recognised in the separate financial statements, 
while formulating the company’s  accounting policies.
 The following are areas involving critical judgments:
 Leases
 Estimation of income tax payable and income tax expense 
in relation to an uncertain tax position
 Provisions and Contingencies
2 Property, plant and equipment (PPE) and Intangible assets
 Property, plant and equipment (PPE)
 Property, plant and equipment  are stated at cost net of tax 
/duty credit availed, less accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost comprises 
of purchase price inclusive of non creditable taxes, 
FS
87
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 80 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
commissioning expenses, etc. up to the date the asset 
is ready for its intended use. When significant parts of 
property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced 
at intervals, the company derecognizes the replace part and 
recognizes the new part with its own associated useful life 
and it is depreciated accordingly. Likewise, when a major 
inspection is performed, its cost is recognized in the carrying 
amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement if 
the recognition criteria are satisfied. All other repair and 
maintenance cost are recognised in the statement of profit 
and loss as incurred.
 Long term lease arrangements of land are treated as 
property, plant and equipment, in case such arrangements 
result in transfer of control and the present value of the 
lease payments is likely to represent substantially all of the 
fair value of the land.
 Capital Work In Progress represents expenditure incurred 
on capital assets that are under construction or are pending 
capitalisation and includes Project expenses pending 
allocation. Project expenses pending allocation are 
apportioned to the property, Plant and equipment of the 
project proportionately on capitalisation.
 Borrowing cost on property, plant and equipment’s are 
capitalised when the relevant recognition criteria specified 
in IND AS 23 Borrowing cost is met.
 Decommissioning costs, if any, on property, plant and 
equipment are estimated at their present value and 
capitalised as part of such assets.
 An item of property, plant and equipment and any 
significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon 
disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected 
with the carrying amount of any component accounted for 
as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other 
repair and maintenance are charge to profit or loss during 
the reporting period in which they are incurred.
 The residual value and useful lives of property, plant and 
equipment are reviewed at each financial year end and 
adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
 The Property, plant and equipment  existing on the 
date of transition are accounted on deemed cost basis by 
applying para D7AA in accordance with the exemption 
provided in IND AS 101 “First-time Adoption of Indian 
Accounting Standards” at previous GAAP carrying value 
( Deemed Cost ).
 Intangible assets
 Intangible assets are recognised when it is probable that the 
future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset 
will flow to the Company and the cost of the asset can be 
measured reliably. Intangible assets are stated at original 
cost net of tax/duty credits availed, if any, less accumulated 
amortisation and cumulative impairment. Administrative 
and other general overhead expenses that are specifically 
attributable to acquisition of intangible assets are allocated 
and capitalised as a part of the cost of the intangible 
assets. Intangible development costs are capitalised as and 
when technical and commercial feasibility of the asset is 
demonstrated and future economic benefits are probable.
 The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either 
finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are 
amortised over the useful economic life and assessed 
for impairment whenever there is an indication that the 
intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period 
and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with 
a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each 
reporting period.
 Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an intangible 
asset are measured as the difference between the net 
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and 
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the 
asset is derecognised.
 Research and Development
 Revenue expenditure on Research and Development is 
charged to statement of profit and loss in  the year in 
which it is incurred. Capital expenditure on research and 
development is considered as an addition to property, plant 
and equipment/intangible assets.
 Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development 
expenditures on an individual project are recognised as an 
intangible asset when the Company can demonstrate:-
 development costs can be measured reliably;-
 the product or process is technically and 
commercially feasible;
 commercially feasible;
 future economic benefits are probable; and
 the Company intends to and has sufficient resources to 
complete development and to use or sell the asset.
 Following initial recognition of the development 
expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at cost less any 
accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment 
losses. Amortisation of the asset begins when development 
is complete and the asset is available for use. It is amortised 
over the period of expected future benefit. Amortisation 
expense is recognised in the statement of profit and loss 
unless such expenditure forms part of carrying value of 
another asset. During the period of development, the asset 
is tested for impairment annually
 Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and  
residual value
 Depreciation on Fixed Assets is provided on Straight Line 
Method (SLM) method as per rates prescribed in Schedule 
II of the Companies Act, 2013, except in the respect of the 
following assets, where useful life of asset is different than 
those prescribed in Schedule II of the Act.
88
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 81 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
Particulars Depreciation
Factory Building (Useful 30 Years ) Over its useful life 
as assessed
Plant & Machinery (Useful life 19 years)Over its useful life 
as assessed
Vehicle (Useful life 10 years) Over its useful life 
as assessed
Leasehold Land Over the period of 
lease term
 Impairement
 The Company assesses at each reporting the carrying 
amounts of its property, plant and equipment, intangible 
assets to determine whether there is any indication that 
those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any 
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for 
an asset is required, the Company estimates the asset’s 
recoverable amount. Impairment loss, if any, is provided to 
the extent that the carrying amount of assets exceeds their 
recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is higher of net 
selling price of an asset or its value in use. Value in use is 
the present value of estimated future cash flows expected 
to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from its 
disposal at the end of its useful life.
 Non-current assets held for sale
 Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying 
amount or fair value less costs to sell. The determination 
of fair value less costs to sell includes use of management 
estimates and assumptions. The fair value of the assets 
held for sale has been estimated using valuation techniques 
(including income and market approach), which include 
unobservable inputs. Non-current assets and disposal 
group that ceases to be classified as “Held for Sale” shall 
be measured at the lower of carrying amount before the 
non-current asset and disposal group was classified as 
“Held for Sale” and its recoverable amount at the date of 
the subsequent decision not to sell. Recoverable amounts of 
assets reclassified from “Held for Sale” have been estimated 
using the Management’s assumptions.
3 Retirement and other employee benefits
 The Company recognizes employee benefits as per the 
principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind 
AS) 19 – Employee Benefits, as set out below:
 Short-term Employee Benefits
 Short-term employee benefits are those which are due to be 
settled wholly within twelve months after the end of the 
period in which the employees render the related services. 
These include salaries, wages, bonuses, performance 
incentives, compensated absences (if expected to be availed 
within 12 months), and other non-monetary benefits. The 
undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits is 
recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss in the period in which the related service is rendered.
 Defined Contribution Plans
 The Company’s contributions to Provident Fund and other 
defined contribution plans are recognized as an expense in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which the 
employees render services. The Company has no further 
obligation beyond its monthly contribution.
 Defined Benefit Plans
 The Company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit plan, 
in accordance with the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. 
The liability is determined using the Projected Unit Credit 
Method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the 
end of each reporting period. The defined benefit liability 
recognized in the balance sheet represents the present value 
of the defined benefit obligation as reduced by the fair value 
of plan assets (if any).
 Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience 
adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions 
are recognized immediately in Other Comprehensive 
Income (OCI) and are not reclassified to profit or loss in 
subsequent periods.
 Past service cost is recognized immediately in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss.
 The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount 
rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset.
 Other Long-term Employee Benefits
 The liability for other long-term employee benefits such 
as long-term compensated absences and long-service 
awards is also determined using the Projected Unit Credit 
Method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at each 
reporting date. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which 
they arise. The obligation is presented as a liability in the 
balance sheet to the extent it is not expected to be settled 
within twelve months.
 Termination Benefits
 Termination benefits are recognized as a liability and 
expense when the Company has a present obligation as a 
result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of 
resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the 
amount can be reliably estimated. Termination benefits that 
are expected to be settled wholly within twelve months are 
recognized at the undiscounted amount. Otherwise, they 
are measured on a discounted basis.
4 Borrowing costs
 “Borrowing costs include interest, other costs incurred in 
connection with borrowing and exchange differences arising 
from foreign currency borrowings to the extent that they 
are regarded as an adjustment to the interest cost. General 
and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, 
which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of 
FS
89
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 82 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added 
to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are 
substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other 
borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of profit 
and loss in the period in which they are incurred”
 In determining the amount of borrowing costs eligible for 
capitalization during a period, any income earned on the 
temporary investment of those borrowings is deducted 
from the borrowing costs incurred.
5 Inventories
 Items of inventories are valued lower of cost or estimated 
net realisable value as given below.
 Raw Materials and Packing Materials:
 Raw Materials and packing materials are valued at Lower 
of Cost or market value, (Cost is net of taxes, duty and cess 
wherever applicable). However materials and other items 
held for use in the production of inventories are not written 
down below cost if the finished products in which they will 
be incorporated are expected to be sold at or above cost. 
Costs are determined on FIFO method
 Work in process:
 Work in process are valued at the lower of cost and 
net realizable value. The cost is computed on weighted 
average method.
 Finished Goods and Semi finished goods :-
 Finished Goods and Semi finished goods are valued at 
lower of cost and net realised value. The cost is computed 
on weighted average method and includes cost of materials, 
cost of conversion and other cost incurred in acquiring the 
inventory and bringing them to their present location and 
condition. Taxes is considered as cost for finished goods, 
whenever applicable.
 Stores and Spares:
 Stores and spare parts are valued at lower of purchase 
Costs are determined on Weighted Average method and 
net realisable value.
 Traded Goods:
 Traded Goods are valued at lower of purchase cost and net 
realisable value.
6 Cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and 
demand deposit with banks, which are short term, highly 
liquid investment, that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk 
of change in value.
7 Financial assets, financial liabilities, equity 
instruments and impairment of financial assets
 Financial assets and liabilities are recognised when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets 
and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are 
added to or deducted from the fair value measured on 
initial recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
 The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, 
or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all 
the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another 
entity. The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, 
and only when, the Company’s obligations are discharged, 
cancelled or have expired.
 Financial assets at amortised cost
 Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised 
cost if these financial assets are held within a business 
whose objective is to hold these assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
 Financial assets are measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting contractual cash flows on specified dates that 
are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding and selling financial assets. 
The Company has made an irrevocable election to present 
subsequent changes in the fair value of equity investments 
not held for trading in other comprehensive income
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
 Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit 
or loss unless they are measured at amortised cost or at 
fair value through other comprehensive income on initial 
recognition. The transaction costs directly attributable 
to the acquisition of financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss are immediately recognised in 
statement of profit and loss.
 Equity Investments
 All equity investments (excluding the investments in 
Subsidiaries) in the scope of Ind AS 109 are measured at fair 
value. Equity instruments which are held for trading are 
classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the 
Company may make an irrevocable election to present in 
other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair 
value. The Company makes such election on an instrument-
by-instrument basis. The classification is made on initial 
recognition and is irrevocable. If the Company decides to 
classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair 
value changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are 
recognised in the OCI. There is no recycling of the amounts 
from OCI to the statement of profit and loss, even on sale 
of investment. However, the Company may transfer the 
cumulative gain or loss within equity. Equity instruments 
90
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 83 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value 
with all changes recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 Investment in subsidiaries
 Investment in subsidiaries are measured at cost less 
impairment loss, if any.
 Financial liabilities
 Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using 
the effective interest method. Other financial liabilities 
(including loans and borrowings, bank overdrafts and 
trade and other payables) are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method.
 The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts 
estimated future cash payments (including all fees and 
amounts paid or received that form an integral part of the 
effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums 
or discounts) through the expected life of the financial 
liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the 
amortised cost on initial recognition.
 Interest expense (based on the effective interest method), 
foreign exchange gains and losses, and any gain or 
loss on derecognition is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
 For trade and other payables maturing within one year from 
the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate 
fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments
 De-recognition of Financial Instruments:
 The Company derecognises a Financial Asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the Financial Asset 
expire or it transfers the Financial Asset and the transfer 
qualifies for de-recognition under Ind AS 109. In cases where 
Company has neither transferred nor retained substantially 
all of the risks and rewards of the financial asset, but retains 
control of the financial asset, the Company continues to 
recognise such financial asset to the extent of its continuing 
involvement in the financial asset. In that case, the Company 
also recognises an associated liability. The financial asset and 
the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects 
the rights and obligations that the Company has retained.
 A Financial liability (or a part of a financial liability) is 
derecognised from the Company’s Balance Sheet when 
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is 
replaced by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are 
substantially modified, such an exchange or modification 
is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and 
the recognition of a new liability. The difference between 
the carrying amount of the financial liability de-recognised 
and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss
 Equity instruments
 An equity instrument is a contract that evidences residual 
interest in the assets of the Company after deducting all of 
its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are 
recognised at the proceeds received net of direct issue cost.
 Impairment of Financial Assets:
 In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Company uses ‘Expected 
Credit Loss’ (ECL) model, for evaluating impairment of all 
Financial Assets subsequent to initial recognition other than 
financial assets measured at fair value through profit and 
loss (FVTPL). The Company uses historical default rates 
to determine impairment loss on the portfolio of trade 
receivables. At every reporting date these historical default 
rates are reviewed and changes in the forward-looking 
estimates are analysed. For other financial assets, the 
Company uses 12 month ECL to provide for impairment 
loss where there is no significant increase in credit risk 
since its initial recognition. If there is significant increase 
in credit risk since its initial recognition full lifetime ECL is 
used. The impairment losses and reversals are recognised in 
Statement of Profit and Loss. ECL is the difference between 
all contractual cash flows that are due to the Company in 
accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the 
entity expects to receive (i.e., all cash shortfalls), discounted 
at the original EIR.
8 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets
 Provisions
 The Company recognizes a provision when: it has a present 
legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is 
likely that an outflow of resources will be required to settle  
the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. 
Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses. 
Provisions are reviewed at each balance sheet and adjusted 
to reflect the current best estimates.
 Contingent liabilities
 Contingent liabilities are disclosed in respect of possible 
obligations that arise from past event, whose existence 
would be confirmed by the occurrence or non occurrence of 
one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the 
control of the Company. A contingent liability also arises, in 
rare cases, where a liability cannot be recognised because it 
cannot be measured reliably.
 Contingent Assets
 A contingent assets is not recognised unless it become 
virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefit will 
arise. When an inflow of economic benefits is probable, 
contingent assets are disclosed in the financial statements. 
Contingent liabilities and contingent assets are reviewed at 
each balance sheet date
9 Fair Value Measurement
 “The company measures financial instruments, such as, 
derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date. Fair 
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair value 
measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction 
to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: - 
FS
91
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 84 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
- In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous 
market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most 
advantageous market must be accessible by the Company. 
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured 
using the assumptions that market participants would 
use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that 
market participants act in their economic best interest. 
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using 
the assumptions that market participants would use 
when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best interest.””
 A fair measurement of a non financial assets takes into 
account a market participant’s ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by 
selling it to another market participant that would use the 
asset in its highest and best use.
 The company use valuation techniques that are appropriate 
in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of 
relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of 
unobservable inputs.
 All Assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole :-
 Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly observable.
 Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly unobservable.
 For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the balance 
sheet on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by 
re assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) 
at the end of each reporting period.
 For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has 
determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of 
the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability 
and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
10 Revenue Recognition
 Ind AS 115 applies, with limited exceptions, to all revenue 
arising from contracts with its customers. Ind AS 115 
establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising 
from contracts with customers and requires that revenue 
be recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration 
to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange 
for transferring goods or services to a customer. Ind AS 
115 requires entities to exercise judgment, taking into 
consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances 
when applying each step of the model to contracts with 
their customers. It also specifies the accounting for the 
incremental costs of obtaining a contract and the costs 
directly related to fulfilling a contract.
 Sale of goods : Revenue from sale of goods is recognised 
when control of the products being sold is transferred to 
our customer and when there are no longer any unfulfilled 
obligations. Income from services rendered is recognised 
based on agreements/ arrangements with the customers 
as the service is performed and there are no unfulfilled 
obligations. The Company recognises revenue from goods 
sold and services rendered at Transaction Price which is the 
amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled 
to in exchange for transferring promised goods or services 
to a customer, excluding the amounts collected on behalf 
of a third party. The Transaction price is net of discounts, 
sales incentives, rebates granted, returns, sales taxes, GST 
and duties and any other recoverable taxes
 Generally, in case of domestic sales, performance obligations 
are satisfied when the goods are dispatched or delivery is 
handed over to transporter, revenue from export of goods is 
recognised at the time of Bill of lading or airway bill or any 
other similar document evidencing delivery thereof.
 Interest Income : Interest income from a financial asset is 
recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits 
will flow to the Company and the amount of income can 
be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a time 
basis, by reference to the principle outstanding and at the 
effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that 
exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through 
the expected life of the financial asset to that asset’s net 
carrying amount on initial recognition.
 Dividend income : Dividend income is recognised when 
the right to receive the dividend is established, it is probable 
that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will 
flow to the entity and the amount of the dividend can be 
measured reliably.
 Export benefits : Export incentives are recognised as 
income when the right to receive credit as per the terms 
of the scheme is established in respect of the exports made 
and where there is no significant uncertainty regarding the 
ultimate collection of the relevant export proceeds.
 Sub lease :
 The Company, as an intermediate lessor, may enter into sub-
lease arrangements wherein it sub-leases an asset obtained 
under a head lease. Sub-leases are assessed and classified 
as either operating or finance leases with reference to the 
right-of-use (ROU) asset arising from the head lease, as per 
the provisions of Ind AS 116 – Leases.
 In cases where the sub-lease is classified as an operating 
lease, the Company:
 Continues to recognise the right-of-use asset relating to the 
head lease on its balance sheet;
92
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 85 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 Recognises lease income from the sub-lease on a straight-
line basis over the lease term, or another systematic basis 
if it better represents the pattern of benefit consumption by 
the sub-lessee;
 Recognises the lease income under the head “Revenue from 
Operations” in the Statement of Profit and Loss, depending 
on the nature of the sub-leased activity;
 Continues to recognise the lease liability associated with the 
head lease, and the related interest expense and depreciation 
of the ROU asset, in accordance with Ind AS 116.
11 Taxes
 Tax expenses comprise Current Tax and Deferred Tax :
 Current Tax
 Tax on income for the current period is determined on the 
basis of estimated taxable income and tax credits computed 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant tax laws 
and based on the expected outcome of assessments/ appeals.
 Current income tax relating to item recognized directly in 
equity is recognized in equity and not in the statement of 
profit and loss. Management periodically evaluates positions 
taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which 
applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and 
establishes provisions where appropriate.
 The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax 
payable on the current period’s  taxable income based on 
the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted 
by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable 
to temporary differences and to unused tax losses. The 
current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the 
tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the 
reporting period in the countries where the company and 
its subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable 
income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken 
in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable 
tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes 
provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts 
expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
 Deferred Tax
 Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet approach 
on temporary differences at the reporting date between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amount 
in the standalone financial statement for financial reporting 
purposes at the reporting date.
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed 
at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is 
no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be 
available to  allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be 
utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at 
each reporting and are recognized to the extent that it has 
become probable that future taxable profits will allow the 
tax assets to be recovered.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax 
rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset 
is realized or liability settled, based on the tax rates (tax 
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the 
reporting date.
 “Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset 
if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax 
assets against current income tax liabilities and the deferred 
taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same 
taxation authority.
 The break-up of major components of deferred tax assets 
and liabilities as at balance sheet date has been arrived at 
after setting off deferred tax assets and liabilities where the 
Company have a legally enforceable right to set-off assets 
against liabilities and where such assets and liabilities relate 
to taxes on income levied by the same governing taxation 
laws. For items recognised in OCI, deferred tax is also 
recognised in OCI”
12 Leases :
 The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease 
liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use 
asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the 
initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease 
payments made at or before the commencement date, plus 
any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to 
dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the 
underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any 
lease incentives received.
 The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using 
the straight-line method from the commencement date to 
the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use 
asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives 
of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as 
those of property, plant and equipment. In addition, the 
right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment 
losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of 
the lease liability.
 The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of 
the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement 
date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease 
or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, company’s 
incremental borrowing rate.
 Generally, the Company uses its incremental borrowing 
rate as the discount rate.
 Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease 
liability comprise the following: –
	 Fixed payments, including in-substance 
fixed payments;
	 Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a 
rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the 
commencement date;
	 Amounts expected to be payable under a residual 
value guarantee; and
	 The exercise price under a purchase option that 
the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, 
FS
93
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 86 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
lease payments in an optional renewal period if 
the Company is reasonably certain to exercise an 
extension option, and penalties for early termination 
of a lease unless the Company is reasonably certain 
not to terminate early.
 The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a 
change in future lease payments arising from a change in an 
index or rate, if there is a change in the Company’s estimate 
of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value 
guarantee, or if company changes its assessment of whether 
it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
 When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a 
corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the 
right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying 
amount of the right-of -use asset has been reduced to zero.
 The Company presents right-of-use assets that do not meet 
the definition of investment property in ‘property, plant and 
equipment’ and lease liabilities in ‘loans and borrowings’ in 
the statement of financial position.
13 Government Grants :
 Government grants are recognised at their fair value where 
there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received 
and the Company will comply with all attached conditions
 Government grants relating to the purchase of property, 
plant and equipment are included in liabilities as deferred 
income and are credited to the statement of profit and loss 
in a  systematic basis over the expected life of the related 
assets and presented within other income.
 Government grants relating to income are deferred and 
recognised in the statement of profit and Loss over the 
period necessary to match them with the costs that they are 
intended to compensate and presented within other income.
14 Foreign Currency Transactions:
 Transaction denominated in foreign currencies is recorded 
at the exchange rate that approximates the actual rate 
prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary item 
denominated in foreign currency remaining unsettled at 
the year-end are translated at year end rates. Differences 
arising on settlement or conversion of monetary items 
are recognised in statement of profit and loss. Non-
monetary items which are carried in terms of historical 
cost denominated in foreign currency are reported using 
the exchange rate at the date of transactions. premium in 
case of forward contracts is dealt with in the Profit and Loss 
Account proportionately over the period of contracts. The 
exchange differences arising on settlement/translation are 
dealt with in the Statement of Profit and Loss
15 Events after the reporting period
 Events after the reporting period are those events, 
favourable and unfavourable, that occur between the end 
of the reporting period and the date when the financial 
statements are approved by the Board of Directors in case of 
a company, and, by the corresponding approving authority 
in case of any other entity for issue.
 Two types of events can be identified:
 (a) those that provide evidence of conditions that existed 
at the end of the reporting period (adjusting events 
after the reporting period); and
 (b) those that are indicative of conditions that arose after 
the reporting period (non-adjusting events after the 
reporting period).
16 Earnings Per Share :
 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net 
profit or loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders 
by the weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year.
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, 
the net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of shares 
outstanding during the year are adjusted for the effects of 
all dilutive potential equity shares.
17 Recent Pronouncements
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standards or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued 
from time to time. During the year ended March 31, 2025, 
MCA has not notified any new standards or amendments to 
the existing standards applicable to the Company
18 Previous Year
 Previous Year’s figures are regrouped / rearranged 
wherever required.
94
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 87 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Leasehold Buildings Plant & 
Equipments 
 Plant & 
Equipments 
Energy 
Saving 
Device 
Electric 
Installation 
Laboratory 
Testing 
Equipments 
Furniture & 
Fixture   Vehicles  Office 
Equipments  Computers Total 
 Capital 
Work in 
Progress 
(CWIP) 
Opening gross carrying amount as at 1st April 2023  449.88  1,008.25  2,110.24  0.05  26.04  6.62  11.30  95.38  9.54  6.40  3,723.69  4.57 
Addition  -    18.99  362.93  3.87  -    -    1.83  1.24  388.86  17.29 
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -    -    -   
Disposals  30.22  30.22 
Closing Gross carrying amount ended March 31,2024  449.88  1,027.24  2,442.94  0.05  29.92  6.62  11.30  95.38  11.37  7.63  4,082.33  21.86 
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  91.21  232.77  442.09  0.02  6.51  1.93  2.24  27.47  2.57  2.80  809.60 
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.38  119.12  2.75  1.07  9.06  1.87  2.22  175.73 
Disposals  -    -   
Closing accumulated depreciation  98.46  265.15  561.21  0.02  9.26  1.93  3.31  36.53  4.44  5.01  985.33  -   
Net carrying amount Year ended March 31, 2024  351.41  762.09  1,881.74  0.03  20.66  4.69  7.99  58.85  6.93  2.62  3,097.00  21.86 
Opening gross carrying amount as at 1st April 2024  449.88  1,027.24  2,442.94  0.05  29.92  6.62  11.30  95.38  11.37  7.63  4,082.33  21.86 
Addition  3.00  20.82  4.03  1.08  1.99  2.73  1.04  34.70  7.61 
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -    -   
Disposals  (2.51)  (2.51)  (12.86)
Closing Gross carrying amount ended March 31,2025  449.88  1,030.24  2,461.26  0.05  33.95  7.70  13.29  95.38  14.10  8.67  4,114.52  16.61 
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  98.46  265.15  561.21  0.02  9.26  1.93  3.31  36.53  4.44  5.01  985.33  -   
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.61  122.54  0.00  2.88  0.72  1.17  9.06  2.36  2.60  181.20 
Disposals  (1.57)  (1.57)
Closing accumulated depreciation  105.72  297.77  682.18  0.02  12.14  2.65  4.48  45.60  6.80  7.61  1,164.96  -   
Net carrying amount Year ended March 31, 2025  344.15  732.48  1,779.08  0.03  21.81  5.06  8.81  49.79  7.30  1.06  2,949.56  16.61 
2 Property, Plant and Equipment
FS
95
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 88 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
2.1 Capital Work-In-Progress (CWIP) Ageing Schedule
 As on March 31, 2025:
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  7.61  9.00  -    -    16.61 
Projects temporarily suspended
Particulars - Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -    -    -    -    -   
Projects temporarily suspended
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  9.00  4.58  -    -    13.57 
Projects temporarily suspended
Particulars - Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  8.29  -    -    -    8.29 
Projects temporarily suspended
Particulars 
 Description 
of item of 
property 
 Gross carrying 
value (` in 
lakhs) 
 Title deeds 
held in the 
name of 
 Whether title 
deed holder 
is a promoter, 
director or 
relative of 
promoter/ 
director or 
employee of 
promoter/
director 
Property held 
since which 
date
NA NA NA NA NA NA
 As on March 31, 2024:
2.2 Intangible assets under development Aging Schedule
 As on March 31, 2025:
 As on March 31, 2024:
2.3 Details of Title Deed not held in the name of the company
2 Property, Plant and Equipment (Contd..)
96
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 89 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
3(a) Right-of-Use Asset
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2023  152.53 
Additions  -   
Disposals  -   
As at 31st March 2024  152.53 
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2023  69.74 
Depreciation charge for the year  19.06 
Disposals  -   
As at 31st March 2024  88.80 
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2024  63.72 
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024  152.53 
Additions  -   
Disposals  -   
As at 31st March 2025  152.53 
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2024  88.80 
Depreciation charge for the year  19.06 
Disposals
As at 31st March 2025  107.86 
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  44.66 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Amount
Gross carrying amount 
As at 1st April, 2024  -   
Additions  13.82 
Disposals  (4.14)
As at 31st March 2025  9.68 
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2024
Depreciation charge for the year  3.18 
Disposals  (0.98)
As at 31st March 2025  2.20 
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  7.48 
3 (b) Intangible Asset
4 Investment 
4.1 Non Current Investments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
No of Shares Amount No of Shares Amount
Investments - (Unquoted) in Equity
Shares of Subsidiary Companies (Valued at cost)
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
- Investments in Equity Shares  26,030  12,504.40  26,030.00  4,095.93 
- Investments in Optionally Convertible  
Preference Shares
 5,130  4,001.40  5,130.00  4,001.40 
Total  31,160  16,505.80  31,160  8,097.33 
FS
97
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 90 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
No of Shares Amount No of Shares Amount
I. Investments carried at fair value  -Measured at 
FVTPL
 Investments in Mutual Fund (Quoted)
 - ICICI Prudential Equity Arbitrage Regular 
Growth Fund 
 -    -    50,02,138.60  1,556.40 
 - Kotak Liquid Fund Regular Growth Fund  -    -    20,631.96  1,096.09 
 - SBI Liquid Fund Regular Growth Fund  -    -    30,469.50  1,108.67 
 -    -    50,53,240.06  3,761.17 
 Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 27 - Separate Financial Statements
 Investments in the following subsidiaries are accounted at cost
4 Investment (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of the Subsidiary Principal 
Activity
Country of 
Incorporation
 % of equity interest 
31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited Speciality 
Chemical 
India 100 100
4.2 Current Investments  
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Other Investments - FVTPL
Quoted Investments
- Investments in Mutual Fund -Measured at FVTPL  -    3,761.17 
Total  -    3,761.17 
 Other Investments
 Aggregate value of quoted investments and its market value is Rs. Nil (PY 3,761.17  lakhs).
5 Other Non-current Financial Assets 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Security Deposits
Security Deposit  282.07  264.14 
Unsecured, Considered Good
Total  282.07  264.14 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Capital Advances  -    1.99 
Total  -    1.99 
6 Other Non Current Assets 
(Unsecured, unless otherwise stated) 
98
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 91 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
7 Inventories (at lower of cost and net realisable value)
8 Trade Receivables
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Inventories*
Raw Material (including Stock in transit)  141.78  366.33 
Work-in-Progress  56.98  302.66 
Finished Goods  179.21  319.62 
Packing Materials  5.75  6.93 
Stores & Spares  11.86  6.00 
Total  395.58  1,001.54 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Trade receivables  7,319.19  4,572.15 
Less: Impairment Allowance  (109.17)  (24.41)
Trade Receivables (net)  7,210.02  4,547.74 
Break-up of above details
(i) Unsecured, considered good  7,210.02  4,572.15 
(ii) Unsecured, credit impaired  109.17  24.41 
 7,319.19  4,596.57 
Less: Impairment Allowance  (109.17)  (24.41)
Total  7,210.02  4,572.15 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year  24.41  24.41 
Allowances / (write back) during the year  100.34  -   
Written off against past provision  (15.58)  -   
Balance at the end of the year  109.17  24.41 
(a) Due to the short nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract.
(b) The Company applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment losses on trade 
receivables. The Company follows the simplified approach for recognition of impairment allowance on trade receivables. 
The application of the simplified approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises 
impairment allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised 
during the period is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected under the head ‘other expenses’ in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
(c) Movement in impairment allowance on trade receivables
FS
99
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 92 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
8 Trade Receivables (Contd..)
(d) Trade receivables (current) ageing :
 As at 31st March, 2025
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month  
 6 Month 
to 1 Year   1-2 Year   2-3 Year   More than 
3 Year   Total 
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 5,885.20  1,198.47  44.98  81.36  -    -    7,210.02 
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -    -    -    100.34  -    8.83  109.17 
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
 5,885.20  1,198.47  44.98  181.70  -    8.83  7,319.19 
Less - Impairment Allowance  -    -    -    -    -    -    (109.17)
Total  5,885.20  1,198.47  44.98  181.70  -    8.83  7,210.02 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month  
 6 Month 
to 1 Year   1-2 Year   2-3 Year   More than 
3 Year   Total 
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 2,601.81  1,923.97  46.38  -    -    -    4,572.15 
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -    -    10.07  0.01  -    14.33  24.41 
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
 2,601.81  1,923.97  56.45  0.01  -    14.33  4,596.57 
Less - Impairment Allowance  -    -    -    -    -    -    (24.41)
Total  2,601.81  1,923.97  56.45  0.01  -    14.33  4,572.15 
 As at 31 March, 2024
9 Cash and Cash Equivalents
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Cash and Cash Equivalents
(a) Balances with banks  474.00  219.59 
(b) Cash on hand  5.89  3.07 
Total  479.89  222.67 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Other Bank Balances
Fixed Deposits  2,254.00  9,449.34 
(Maturity for less than twelve months)
Total  2,254.00  9,449.34 
10 Bank Balances Other than Cash & Cash Equivalents
100
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 93 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
11 Current Financial Assets - Loans (at amortised cost)
12 Other Current Assets 
13 Current Tax Assets (Net) 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Unsecured, Considered Good
Loan to Employees  5.86  3.04 
Total  5.86  3.04 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Other Current Assets
Balance with Statutory / Government Authorities  1,122.76  1,292.26 
Receivable - Others  25.07  187.39 
Prepaid Expenses  15.09  14.02 
Advance to Suppliers  227.81  15.43 
Custom Duty paid in Advance  38.82  -   
Total  1,429.55  1,509.09 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Advance Tax and Tax Deducted at Source (Net of Provision)  147.03  407.81 
Total  147.03  407.81 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Number   Amount   Number   Amount  
Authorised:
6,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- 
each (March 31, 2024 - 4,50,00,000)
 6,00,00,000  6,000  4,50,00,000  4,500 
Total  6,00,00,000  6,000  4,50,00,000  4,500 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Number   Amount   Number   Amount  
Equity Share Capital  4,34,50,000  4,345  3,25,60,000  3,256 
Add: Fresh Issue of Shares*  -    -    1,08,90,000  1,089 
4,34,50,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10 
each (March 31, 2024 - 4,34,50,000)
 4,34,50,000  4,345  4,34,50,000  4,345 
14 Equity Share Capital
14.1 Authorised Share Capital
 Issued, Subscribed & Paid Up: 
 *The increase in equity share capital is on account of Initial Public Offer undertook on 6th Oct 2023, where No. of shares issued were 1,08,90,000 at Issue price 
of Rs. 140 each (Face Value Rs.10 and Securities Premium Rs.130) 
 Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
 Equity Shares
 The Company has only one class of Shares referred to as Equity Shares having par value of Rs.10. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. The company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board 
of Directors is subject to the approval of the Shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. In the event of liquidation of 
the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all 
preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
FS
101
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 94 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
14 Equity Share Capital (Contd..)
14.2 Reconciliation of Equity Shares Outstanding
 A. Reconciliation of number of ordinary equity shares outstanding
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Number   Amount   Number   Amount  
Shares outstanding at the beginning of 
the year 
 4,34,50,000  4,345  3,25,60,000  3,256 
Add: Fresh Issue of Shares  -    -    1,08,90,000  1,089 
Shares outstanding at the end of the year  4,34,50,000  4,345  4,34,50,000  4,345 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Number   % of Holding  Number   % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,03,50,000 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  40,67,690 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  32,59,190 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  32,59,190 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Number   % of Holding  Number   % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,03,50,000 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  40,67,690 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  32,59,190 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  32,59,190 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Kanchan Shantilal Vora  16,14,690 3.72%  16,14,690 3.72%
- Rachi Santosh Vora  6,930.00 0.02%  6,930.00 0.02%
- Varsha Paresh Shah  2,310.00 0.01%  2,310.00 0.01%
- Sangita Manoj Jain  1,000.00 0.00%  1,000.00 0.00%
14.3 Details of Shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares 
 A. Ordinary Equity Shares
 B Details of Shares held by Promoter and Promoter Group
15 Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
a. Securities Premium  14,099.84  14,132.44 
b. Retained Earning  4,995.74  5,210.75 
c. Other Comprehensive income  (2.26)  -   
 Total Other Equity  19,093.31  19,343.19 
Nature and Purpose of Reserves
Securities Premium
Security Premium Reserve is the additional amount charged on the face value of any share when the shares are issued, 
redeemed, and forfeited.
Retained Earning
Retained earning are the profits that the Company has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, any transfers from or to 
other comprehensive income, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders.
102
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 95 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
a. Securities Premium
b. Retained Earning 
c. Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) 
15 Other Equity (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Opening Balance  14,132.44  1,633.90 
Add - Reserve During the year  (32.60)  12,498.54 
Closing Balance  14,099.84  14,132.44 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Retained Earning 
Opening Balance (Surplus in Profit & Loss)  5,210.75  5,159.18 
Add: Net Profit for the year  (215.02)  34.03 
Less:Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -    17.54 
Amount available for appropriation  4,995.74  5,210.75 
Appropriation  -    -   
Closing Balance  4,995.74  5,210.75 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Opening Balance  -    -   
Add: Fair value changes of various Financial intruments  -    -   
Add: Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  (2.26)  -   
Less : Transfer to retained earnings on disposal of FVOCI equity instruments  -    -   
Closing Balance  (2.26)  -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(a) Unsecured
 Balance as on March 31, 2025
 - Indian currency loan  5,940.02  5,940.02 
Total  5,940.02  5,940.02 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(a) Repayable on demand from Banks (secured)
 Cash Credit Facility  -    -   
Total  -    -   
16 Borrowings
16.1 Non-current
16.2 Current
 Footnotes:
 1 Working capital facilities from banks as at March 31, 2025 amounting to Rs. Nil (P.Y - Nil) were secured by a first pari passu 
charge on the stock of raw materials, finished goods, stock in process, consumable stores ,book debts of the Company &  
Immovable Property - Factory Land & Building at L-13 , L-28 , L-28PT , L-29 and L-30 at MIDC Tarapur.
 2 The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
FS
103
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 96 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Long term maturities of lease obligations  25.13  42.69 
Total  25.13  42.69 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Current maturities of finance lease obligations  23.10  23.10 
Total  23.10  23.10 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Balance at the beginning  65.79  81.76 
Additions
Accretion of interest  5.54  7.14 
Payment of lease liabilities  (23.10)  (23.10)
Balance at the end  48.23  65.79 
Non-current  25.13  42.69 
Current  23.10  23.10 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Depreciation on right-of-use assets  19.06  19.06 
Interest expense on lease liabilities  5.54  7.14 
Expense relating to short-term leases  23.10  23.10 
Total amount recognised in statement of profit and loss  47.70  49.30 
 3 There are no material differences between the quarterly statements of stock filed by the company with banks and the 
books of accounts.
 4 The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender in accordance 
with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
17 Lease Liability
17.1 Non-current
16 Borrowings (Contd..)
17.2 Current 
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company has lease contracts for its office premises and godowns with lease term between 1 year to 5 years. The 
Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company is 
restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets.
  (a) The movement in lease liabilities during the year ended 31 March, 2025 and 31 March, 2024 is as follows:
  (b) The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:
104
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 97 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
18 Other Non-Current Financial Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Security Deposit (Aarti Industries Limited)  96.14  96.14 
Total  96.14  96.14 
19 Provisions
19.1 Non-current
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Provision For Employees Benefit 
Provision for Gratuity  -    -   
Provision for Leave Salary  8.56  8.00 
Total  8.56  8.00 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Provision For Employees Benefit
Provision for Gratuity  (3.68)  (6.53)
Provision for Leave Salary  1.20  -   
Provision for Bonus  16.01  18.09 
Total  13.53  11.56 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
 As on  
1st April, 
2024 
Charge / (Credit) to 
Statement of Profit 
and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
31st March 
2025
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per the 
books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 129.24  54.40  -    183.64 
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (55.69)  21.89  -    (33.80)
Fair Value Adjustments on Security Deposit  -    (2.02)  (2.02)
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  (7.58)  8.34  -    0.76 
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 (4.36)  4.36  -    -   
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (0.21)  (23.17)  -    (23.38)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  61.40  63.80  -    125.20 
19.2 Current
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company presents provision for gratuity and leave salaries as current and non-current based on actuarial valuation 
considering estimates of availment of leave, separation of employees, etc.
 (ii) Detailed disclosure in respect of post-retirement defined benefit schemes is provided in Note 29.
20 Deferred Tax 
Major components of deferred tax liabilities/(assets) arising on account of timing difference: 
As at 31st March, 2025 
FS
105
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 98 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(i) Income tax recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
Current tax:
For current year  5.68  (98.16)
Deferred tax:
For current year  64.56  (11.12)
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  70.24  (109.29)
(ii) Income tax expense recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
Deferred tax:
Income tax (expense) /benefit on remeasurement of defined benefit plans  0.76  -   
Income tax (expense) /benefit on Fair Value Changes on various Financial 
Instruments
 -    (5.90)
Income tax benefit / (expense) recognised in OCI  0.76  (5.90)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Profit before tax  (144.78)  (75.25)
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168%  (36.44)  (18.94)
Tax effect on non-deductible expenses  160.95  67.62 
Effect of Income which is taxed at special rates  5.68  57.34 
Effect of concessions (depreciation under income tax act)  (74.95)  (89.69)
Others  (49.57)  (114.50)
Total  5.68  (98.16)
Tax expense as per Statement of Profit and Loss  5.68  (98.16)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
 As on 
1st April, 
2023 
Charge / (Credit) to 
Statement of Profit 
and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March ,2024 
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per the 
books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 78.09  51.15  -    129.24 
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (49.54)  (6.14)  -    (55.69)
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  (2.66)  (4.92)  -    (7.58)
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 40.94  (45.30)  -    (4.36)
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (0.21)  -    -    (0.21)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year  -    -    -   
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  66.62  (5.22)  -    61.40 
As at 31st March, 2024
20 Deferred Tax (Contd..)
The major components of Income Tax Expense for the year:
Reconciliation of tax expense and accounting profit for the year:
The tax rate used for reconciliation above is the corporate tax rate of 25.168% payable by corporate entities in India on taxable profits 
under Indian tax law. This rate is applicable subject to certain conditions, including that the total income should be computed without 
claiming specific deduction or exemptions.
106
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 99 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
21 Trade Payables
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Trade & Non-Trade Payables
Trade payables 
(a) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises; and  6.90  25.07 
(b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small enterprises  1,933.16  2,451.36 
Total  1,940.07  2,476.43 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment 
 TOTAL  Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year   1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) MSME  -    6.90  -    -    -    -    6.90 
(ii) Others  -    1,834.02  95.90  3.25  -    -    1,933.16 
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
 -    1,840.92  95.90  3.25  -    -    1,940.07 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment 
 TOTAL  Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year   1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) MSME  -    25.07  -    -    -    -    25.07 
(ii) Others  -    2,410.96  40.33  0.03  0.04  -    2,451.36 
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
 -    2,436.03  40.33  0.03  0.04  -    2,476.43 
(i) Trade payables ageing:
 As at 31st March, 2025
 As at 31st March, 2024
(ii) Disclosures under Section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (as amended)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(i) (a) Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier  6.90  25.07 
(b) Interest on (i)(a) above  -    -   
(ii) The amount of interest paid along with the principal payment made to the supplier  -    -   
(iii) Amount of interest due and payable on delayed payments  -    -   
(iv) Amount of further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier years  -    -   
(v) Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises  -    -   
- Principal  6.90  25.07 
- Interest  -    -   
FS
107
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 100 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
22 Other Financial Liabilities
23 Other Current Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(a) Creditors for Capital Goods  -    21.56 
(b) Salaries and Wages Payable  30.83  29.43 
(c) Outstanding Expenses  75.68  63.89 
Total  106.51  114.88 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
(a) Advance from customer  0.21  7.65 
(b) Statutory Dues  11.32  2.78 
Total  11.53  10.43 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(a) Sale of Manufactured Products  12,969.90  18,013.83 
(b) Other revenue from operation  300.00  186.56 
(c) Sale of Traded Products  66.28  4.85 
Total   13,336.18  18,205.24 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(a) Revenue as per contract price  13,336.18  18,205.24 
(b) Less: Discount  -    -   
Revenue as per the Statement of Profit and Loss  13,336.18  18,205.24 
24 Revenue from Operations
Footnotes: 
(a) Reconciliation of revenue as per contract price and as recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
 Disaggregate revenue information
 (b) In case of Domestic Sales, payment terms range from 60 days to 100 days based on geography and customers. In case of 
Export Sales these are either against documents at sight, documents against acceptance or letters of credit - 60 days to 120 
days. There is no significant financing component in any transaction with the customers.
 (c) The Company does not provide performance warranty for products, therefore there is no liability towards 
performance warranty.
 (d) The Company does not have any remaining performance obligation as contracts entered for sale of goods are for a 
shorter duration.
108
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 101 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
25 Other Income 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(a) Interest Income
Interest on Security Deposit  7.35  -   
Interest on Income Tax Refund  11.76  -   
Investments in debt instruments measured at fair value  10.76  0.66 
Other financial assets carried at amortised cost  272.12  267.08 
 302.00  267.74 
(b) Other Non-operating Income
Foreign Exchange Gain/ (Loss)  (1.47)  28.86 
Gain on Financial Instrument  184.39  320.05 
Profit on sale of Fixed assets  0.48  -   
Miscellaneous Income  10.07  267.33 
 193.48  616.24 
(c) Other Gains and Losses
Net gains (Losses) on fair value changes through FVTPL  47.34  84.17 
Total  542.81  968.15 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(a) Raw Materials Consumed 
Opening Stock (including goods-in-transit)  366.33  787.37 
Add: Purchases  10,937.90  16,442.65 
 11,304.23  17,230.02 
Less: Closing Stock (including goods-in-transit)  141.78  366.33 
 11,162.45  16,863.69 
(b) Packing Materials Consumed 
Opening Stock  12.93  2.43 
Add: Purchases  46.20  82.72 
 59.13  85.15 
Less: Closing Stock  5.75  12.93 
 53.38  72.22 
Total Cost of Materials Consumed  11,215.83  16,935.91 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods & Work in Progress
Stock at the end of the year
Finished Goods (including goods-in-transit)  179.21  319.62 
Work-in-Progress  56.98  302.66 
  236.18  622.28 
Stock at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods (including goods-in-transit)  319.62  302.80 
Work-in-Progress  302.66  205.84 
 622.28  508.64 
(Increase)/decrease in inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-
Progress
 386.10  (113.63)
26 Cost of Materials Consumed
27 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-Progress
FS
109
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 102 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Purchase of traded goods  56.14  2.78 
Total   56.14  2.78 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(a) Salaries and wages  396.38  383.95 
(b) Contribution to provident and other funds  24.45  22.98 
(c) Staff welfare expenses  17.98  24.35 
 Total   438.80  431.28 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Change in defined benefit obligations:
Obligation at the beginning of the year  86.61  81.79 
Current Service Cost  5.35  5.24 
Interest Cost  6.25  6.13 
Acturial (Gain)/Loss  3.36  4.61 
Benefits Paid  (4.27)  (11.17)
Obligation at the end of the year  97.30  86.61 
28 Purhase of traded goods
29 Employee Benefits Expenses
A. Defined benefit plans
 (i) Post-employment benefits (Gratuity)
  The company provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in 
continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination 
is the employees last drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number 
of years of service. The gratuity plan is a funded plan and the company makes contributions to recognized funds in India. 
The company maintains a target level of funding to be maintained over a period of time based on estimations of expected 
gratuity payments.
  Aforesaid post-employment benefit plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest 
rate risk, salary risk and longevity risk.
  (i) Investment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate determined 
by reference to government bond yields. If the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
  (ii) Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability. However, this will be partially offset 
by an increase in the value of plan’s debt investments.
  (iii) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
  (iv) Longevity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of 
the mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan 
participants will increase the plan’s liability.
   Details of defined benefit obligations and plan assets (Gratuity)
   The amounts recognised in the balance sheet and the movements in the net defined benefit obligation over the year 
are as follows :
110
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 103 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  95.62  86.43 
Interest income  6.90  6.48 
Remeasurement gain/(loss) excluding amount included within 
employee benefit expense
 0.34  (0.30)
Contributions by the Employer  2.06  14.18 
Benefits Paid  (4.27)  (11.17)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  100.65  95.62 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Present Value of Obligation  97.30  86.61 
Fair Value of Plan Assets  (100.65)  (95.62)
 (3.35)  (9.01)
Recognised as:
Provision for Gratuity (non-current)  -    -   
Provision for Gratuity (current)  (3.35)  (9.01)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Employee benefits expenses:
Current service cost  5.35  5.24 
Net interest expense  (0.65)  (0.35)
 4.69  4.89 
Other comprehensive income
Return on plan assets excluding amount included in employee benefits 
expense
 (0.34)  0.30 
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in demographic assumption  -    -   
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumption  2.34  1.42 
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in experience adjustments  1.03  3.19 
 3.03  4.91 
Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss  7.72  9.80 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Asset category
Insurance fund  100.65  95.62 
Total  100.65  95.62 
29 Employee Benefits Expenses (Contd..)
   Amounts recognised in the balance sheet consist of:
   Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss consists of:
   The major categories of plans assets are as follows:
FS
111
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 104 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Financial Assumptions:
Discount Rate 6.81% 7.22%
Rate of escalation in Salary 5.50% 5.50%
Demographic Assumptions:
Rate of Employee Turnover 3.00% 3.00%
Mortality Rate Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
1st following year  14.20  16.79 
2nd following year  7.94  2.77 
3rd following year  8.39  7.36 
4th following year  12.25  7.81 
5th following year  15.21  11.20 
Sum of year 6 To 10  30.26  30.28 
Sum of Years 11 and above  77.13  75.66 
29 Employee Benefits Expenses (Contd..)
   Key assumptions used in the measurement of retiring gratuity is as below: 
   Maturity profile of projected benefit obligation (from fund) : 
   Footnotes
   (i) The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions 
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
   (ii) The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit 
obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the 
assumptions may be correlated.
   (iii) Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected benefit obligation 
has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same 
method as applied in calculating the projected benefit obligation as recognised in the balance sheet.
   (iv) There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
   (v) The Company has contributed Rs. 2.06 lakhs (PY Rs 14.18 lakhs ) to defined benefit plan obligations funds for the 
year ended March 31, 2025.
   (vi) Expected return on assets is determined by multiplying the opening fair value of the plan assets by the expected 
rate of return determined at the start of the annual reporting period, taking account of expected contributions & 
expected settlements during the reporting period.
   (vii) The Weighted Average Duration of the Plan works out to 8 years.
   (viii) Asset Liability matching strategy:
    The money contributed by the Company to the Gratuity fund to finance the liabilities of the plan has to be invested. 
The trustees of the plan have outsourced the investment management of the fund to an insurance Company. The 
insurance Company in turn manages these funds as per the mandate provided to them by the trustees and the asset 
allocation which is within the permissible limits prescribed in the insurance regulations. Due to the restrictions in 
the type of investments that can be held by the fund, it is not possible to explicitly follow an asset liability matching 
strategy. There is no compulsion on the part of the Company to fully prefund the liability of the Plan.
112
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 105 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
 (ii) Other long-term employee benefits
  Annual Leave and Sick Leave assumptions
  The liability towards compensated absences (annual leave and sick leave) for the year ended 31st March, 2025 based on 
actuarial valuation carried out by using Projected Accrued Benefit Method resulted in liability of Rs 9.76 lakhs.
B. Defined contribution plans
 Provident Fund
 The company has certain defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund for employees at the rate of 12% 
of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by the government. The 
obligation of the company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor any constructive obligation. 
The expense recognized during the period towards defined contribution plan are Rs 15.26 lakhs (PY Rs 16.56 lakhs).
30 Finance Costs
29 Employee Benefits Expenses (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Interest Expense-Bank  11.82  0.63 
Interest on finance lease obligations  5.54  7.14 
Interest on GST  -    -   
Interest Others  0.18  -   
Total  17.53  7.78 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Depreciation on property plant and equipment  183.40  175.73 
Depreciation on Right-of-use assets  19.06  19.08 
Total  202.46  194.79 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Consumption of stores and spare parts  34.22  5.79 
Consumption of Power & Steam  585.50  820.86 
Freight Octroi & Cartage  122.50  122.65 
Repairs & Maintenance
 - Building  24.86  67.19 
 - Plant & Machinery  14.40  155.52 
Insurance Charges  15.78  20.45 
Water & Drainage Charges  8.62  12.07 
Effluent Treatment Plant Charge  13.30  16.29 
Labour Charges  222.69  285.50 
Statutory Liability  0.05  0.16 
Safety & Security Charges  12.62  8.34 
Laboratory charges  14.82  12.12 
Note: Finance costs incurred on various projects being qualifying assets is capitalised in accordance with Ind AS 23.
On adoption of Ind AS 116 Leases, the Company has recognised Right-of-use assets and created lease obligation representing present 
value of future minimum lease payments.
31 Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment Expenses
32 Other Expenses
FS
113
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 106 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Net Profit available for Equity Shareholders  (217.28)  51.57 
No. of Equity Shares as per financial statement  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000 
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Basic Earnings Per Share* (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year) 
 4,34,50,000  3,80,05,000 
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Diluted Earnings Per Share** (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year) 
 4,34,50,000  3,80,05,000 
Basic Earnings Per Share (in Rs)  (0.50)  0.14 
Diluted Earnings Per Share (in Rs)  (0.50)  0.14 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Legal and Professional Fees  49.82  43.59 
Weighing charges  0.63  1.22 
Vehicle Expenses  3.91  9.13 
Commission and Incentives on sales  54.49  66.62 
Auditor's Remuneration  4.41  1.50 
Provision for Bad and Doubtful Debts  84.76  -   
Sundry balance written off  (0.00)  (0.17)
Director Sitting Fees  1.30  3.62 
Donation  21.69  0.36 
Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  325.12  -   
- Corporate Social Responsibility (Refer Note No.34)  -    67.44 
Miscellaneous Expenses  91.42  69.50 
Total   1,706.91  1,789.74 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Payment to Auditors
- For Statutory Audit  1.75  3.64 
- For Other Services - Certificate  2.66  -   
 4.41  3.64 
32 Other Expenses (Contd..)
32.1 Details of payments to Auditors
33 Earning Per Share (Eps):
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity shares that would be issued on 
conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into Equity shares.
114
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 107 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
Number of Shares for Computation of EPS
33 Earning Per Share (Eps): (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Basic and Diluted  EPS (in Nos)
Existing (Nos)  4,34,50,000  3,25,60,000 
Fresh Issue  -    1,08,90,000 
Total Number of shares after conversion  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000 
Bonus Issue in Previous year  -    -   
Bonus Issue  in current year  -    -   
Total Number of shares after Bonus issue  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
(i) GST matters  -    -   
(ii) Income tax matters  -    -   
(iii) Labour laws related matters (ESIC)  -    -   
(iv) Bank Guarantee  8.00  8.00 
(v) Corporate Guarantee*  6,180.44  1,665.04 
Total  6,188.44  1,673.04 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(a) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of advances)
 -    39.43 
(b) Letters of Credit and Bank guarantees issued by bankers towards procurement 
of goods and services and outstanding as at year end
 1,418.98  -   
Total
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(A) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  -    68.31 
(B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -    -   
On purposes other than above  -    68.31 
Total  -    68.31 
(C) Amount spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -    -   
On purposes other than above  20.00  67.44 
Total  20.00  67.44 
(D) Details of ongoing project and other than ongoing project
34 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for)
Contingent Liabilities
*Corporate Guarantee given by VLL on behalf on VASPL is Rs.100 crores out of which only Rs.61.80 crores has been availed as on Mar 25
(a) Commitments
(b) Corporate Social Responsibility
FS
115
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 108 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
34 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for) (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
(i) In case of Section 135(6) (ongoing project)
Opening Balance - With Company  -    -   
- In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -    -   
Amount required to be spent during the year  -    -   
Amount spent during the year - From Company’s bank A/c'  -    -   
- From Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -    -   
Closing Balance - With Company  -    -   
- In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -    -   
(ii) In case of Section 135(5) (other than ongoing project)
Opening Balance  (1.34)  (2.80)
Adjustment of previous year 
Restated opening balance
Amount deposited in Specified Fund of Sch. VII within 6 months
Amount required to be spent during the year  -    68.31 
Amount spent during the year  20.00  67.44 
Closing balance (Excess spent)  (21.34)  (1.34)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Segment Revenue - External Turnover
Within India  13,272.06  18,111.51 
Outside India  64.12  93.73 
Total  13,336.18  18,205.24 
Non-Current Assets*
Within India  3,300.39  3,446.72 
Outside India  -    -   
Total  3,300.39  3,446.72 
35 Segment Information
The operating segments have been reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Board of Directors, who 
are the Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODM). The board responsible for allocating resources and assessing the performance of 
operating segments. Accordingly, the reportable segment is only one segment i.e. Pharmaceuticals.
(a) Revenue from Type of Product and Services
 There is only one operating segment of the Company which is based on nature of product. Hence the revenue from external 
customers shown under geographical information is representative of revenue based on product and services.
(b) Geographical Information
 * includes property plant and equipment, intangible assets, capital work-in-progress, other non-financial assets & non-current assets.
(c) Information about major customers
 IND AS 108 Segment Reporting Requires Disclosure of its major customers if revenue from transactions with single external 
customer amounts to 10 per cent or more of company’s total revenue to only one customer
116
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 109 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
36 Related Party Transactions
Disclosure on Related Party Transactions as required by Ind AS 24 - Related Party Disclosures is given below:
Holding
Name Relation  
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP Holding 
Valiant Organics limited Ultimate holding 
Name Relation  
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company 
Name Designation
Mr Santosh Vora Managing Director
Mr Paresh Shah Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer
Ms Prajakta Patil (Resigned w.e.f June 15, 2025) Company Secretary 
Subsidiary
(a) Key Managerial Personnel:
(b) Other entities where significant influence exist:
 (i) Post-employment-benefit plan entity:
  The Trustee Valiant Laboratories Limited
  Compensation of key management personnel of the Company:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
(i) Short-term employee benefits  42.00  42.00 
(ii) Director Sitting fees  1.68  3.43 
Total compensation paid to key management personnel  43.68  45.43 
(c) Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel
 Mr. Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Kanchan Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora
 Mr. Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Sushila Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Varsha Paresh Shah
 Mr. Dhirenbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mr. Mehulbhai Shashikant Shah 
 Mrs. Meena Dhiren Shah 
 Mr. Devansh Paresh Shah
 Ms. Nirali Shah Sheth
FS
117
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 110 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
Name Designation
Mrs. Sonal Vira Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Velji Gogri Independent Director (Resigned w.e.f November 12, 2024)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta Non Executive Director
Mr. Mulesh Savla  Non Executive Independent Director (Appointed w.e.f May 14, 2024)
Mr. Ashok Chheda  Non Executive Independent Director (Appointed w.e.f November 12, 2024)
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
 March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Transaction 
value 
 Outstanding 
amount 
 Transaction 
value 
 Outstanding 
amount 
Dhanvallabh 
Ventures LLP
Investment (Share Capital)  -    -    -    -   
Investment (Unsec Loan taken)  -    4,861.61  -    4,861.61 
Aarti Industries 
Limited 
Rent Received  -    -    -    -   
Sale of Goods  -    -    -   
Purchase of Goods  -    -    -   
Deposit  -    -    -    -   
Others - Reimbursement  -    -    -    -   
Aarti Pharma Lab 
Limited 
Rent Received  354.00  27.00  247.80  -   
Sale of Services  -    -    2.99  -   
Purchase of Goods  281.74  -    490.95  18.63 
Deposit  -    96.14  -    96.14 
Reimbursement - Electricity & Water  643.39  45.76  570.07  -   
Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private 
Limited
Investment (Share Capital)  8,408.47  16,505.80  8,096.33  8,097.33 
Sale of Asset  6.57  6.57  -    -   
Reimbursement - Salary  6.00  6.00  -    -   
Advance to Supplier  188.96  188.96  -    -   
Purchase of Goods  0.21  0.21  -    -   
Unsecured Loans Given  -    -    1,986.30  -   
Unsecured Loans Repayment  -    -    (5,219.60)  -   
Valiant Organics 
Limited 
Purchase of Goods  5,015.40  1.00  11,610.75  2,218.52 
Purchase of Assets  4.13  -    -    -   
Sale of Goods  0.59  -    -    -   
Sale of Asset  -    -    25.49  -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
 March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Transaction 
value 
 Outstanding 
amount 
 Transaction 
value 
 Outstanding 
amount 
Mr Santosh Vora Remuneration  12.00  1.00  12.00  -   
Unsecured Loan  -    360.03  -    360.03 
Commission  -    -    -    -   
Sitting Fees  -    -    -    -   
Mr Shantilal Vora Commission  -    -    -    -   
Unsecured Loan  -    358.94  -    358.94 
Sitting Fees  0.40  -    0.93  -   
Mr Paresh Shah Remuneration  15.00  1.25  15.00  -   
Unsecured Loan  -    359.43  -    359.43 
Commission  -    -    -    -   
(d) Other related parties
36 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding with related parties (Companies / body corporates)
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) / Close Family Member  
of Key Managerial Personnel:
118
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 111 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
 March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Transaction 
value 
 Outstanding 
amount 
 Transaction 
value 
 Outstanding 
amount 
Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora Remuneration  15.00  1.25  15.00  1.25 
Mrs. Sonal Vira Sitting Fees  0.45  -    0.92  -   
Mr Velji Gogri Sitting Fees  0.20  -    0.96  -   
Mr Mulesh Salva Sitting Fees  0.33  -    -    -   
Mr Sandeep Gupta Sitting Fees  0.20  -    0.63  -   
Mr Ashok Chheda Sitting Fees  0.10  -    -    -   
Ms Saloni Mehta Salary  -    -    7.05  1.41 
Ms Prajakta Patil Salary  13.66  2.06  -    -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
 March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
 Transaction 
value 
 Outstanding 
amount 
 Transaction 
value 
 Outstanding 
amount 
The Trust Valiant 
Laboratories Limited
Contribution to the Gratuity Funds  2.39  -    14.47  -   
36 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Entities Controlled/Significantly influenced by Directors/  
Close Family Members of Directors:
37 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values
Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”
Category-wise classification for applicable financial assets:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
 As at 31st March'2025  As at 31st March'2024 
 Carrying 
Amount 
 Fair Value  Carrying 
Amount 
 Fair Value 
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 
Financial Assets
Financial assets measured at cost
Investment in Subsidiaries Non-
Current
 16,505.80  N.A  N.A  N.A  8,097.33  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost
Security Deposits Non-
Current
 282.07  N.A  N.A  N.A  264.14  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Trade Receivables Current  7,210.02  N.A  N.A  N.A  4,572.15  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Cash on hand Current  5.89  N.A  N.A  N.A  3.07  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Balance with Banks Current  474.00  N.A  N.A  N.A  219.59  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Other Fixed Deposits Current  2,254.00  N.A  N.A  N.A  9,449.34  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Loans to employees Current  5.86  N.A  N.A  N.A  3.04  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Other Receivables Current  -    N.A  N.A  N.A  -    N.A  N.A  N.A 
 26,737.64  22,608.66 
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(FVTOCI)
Investments in Mutual Fund Current  -    -    -    -    3,761.17  -    -    -   
 -    -    -    -    3,761.17  -    -    -   
Total Financial Assets  26,737.64  -    -    -    26,369.83  -    -    -   
FS
119
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 112 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
 As at 31st March'2025  As at 31st March'2024 
 Carrying 
Amount 
 Fair Value  Carrying 
Amount 
 Fair Value 
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 
Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost
Unsecured Loans Non-
Current
 5,940.02  N.A  N.A  N.A  5,940.02  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Long-term maturities of lease 
obligations
Non-
Current
 25.13  N.A  N.A  N.A  42.69  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Short term borrowings - 
Working capital loans from 
Banks
Current  -    N.A  N.A  N.A  -    N.A  N.A  N.A 
Trade Payables
- Due to Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises
Current  6.90  N.A  N.A  N.A  25.07  N.A  N.A  N.A 
- Due to Others Current  1,933.16  N.A  N.A  N.A  2,451.36  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Creditors for Capital Goods Current  -    N.A  N.A  N.A  21.56  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Current maturities of finance 
lease obligations
Current  23.10  N.A  N.A  N.A  23.10  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Other Current Liabilities Current  11.53  N.A  N.A  N.A  10.43  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Total Financial Liabilities  7,939.86  8,514.23 
37 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values (Contd..)
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 : Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity instruments 
and mutual funds that have quoted price. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV.
Level 2 : The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation techniques which 
maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required 
to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
Level 3 : If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the 
case for unlisted equity securities etc. included in level 3.
This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are (a) 
recognised and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the financial 
statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the group has classified its 
financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standard. An explanation of each level followed is given in 
the table above.
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s Risk Management 
framework. The Board has established the Risk Management Committee, which is responsible for developing and monitoring the 
Company’s Risk Management policies. The Committee reports regularly to the Board of Directors on its activities.
The Company’s financial assets comprise mainly of investments, cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables 
and other receivables and financial liabilities comprise mainly of borrowings, trade payables and other payables
The Company’s activities expose it to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. The Company’s overall risk management focuses on the 
unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Company. The 
Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps to hedge foreign currency risk 
and interest rate risk exposure . Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments. 
120
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 113 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
A. Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market 
prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk and currency risk Financial instruments affected by market risk 
include borrowings, investments, trade payables, trade receivables
 (i) Interest rate risk
  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of the financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes 
in market interest rates.
 (ii) Foreign currency risk
  Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in foreign 
exchange rates. The Company transacts in several currencies and consequently the Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk 
through its sales outside India and purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The exchange rate between 
the Indian rupee and foreign currencies has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Consequently, the results of the Company’s operations are affected as the rupee appreciates / depreciates against these currencies. 
Foreign currency exchange rate exposure is partly balanced by purchase of raw materials and services in the respective currencies.
  As at the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of the material foreign currency denominated monetary assets 
and liabilities are as follows:
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
 As at March 2025  As at March 2024 
Amount in 
foreign currency  
Amount in  
Rupees- INR
 Amount in 
foreign currency   
Amount in  
Rupees- INR
Liabilities
United States Dollar (USD)  16.25  1,418.36  -    -   
 16.25  1,418.36  -   
Assets
Swiss Franc (CHF)  0.03  2.43  -    -   
Euro (EURO)  0.09  8.74  -    -   
United States Dollar (USD)  -    -    -    -   
 0.12  11.17  -    -   
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (total)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  16.25  1,418.36  -    -   
Foreign exchange derivatives
USD (Hedged) - Currency swaps against 
foreign currency borrowings
 -    -    -    -   
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (unhedged)
 -    -   
Swiss Franc (CHF)  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  16.25  1,418.36 
 -    -    -    -   
B. Credit risk
 Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to 
a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities, primarily for trade receivables and deposits 
with banks and other financial assets. The Company ensures that sales of products are made to customers with appropriate 
creditworthiness. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored by the management. An impairment analysis is 
performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major customers. Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited 
as the Company generally invest in deposits with banks.
 Refer footnotes (d) below note no. 8 for ageing of trade receivables and movement in credit loss allowance.
FS
121
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 114 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
C. Liquidity Risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its financial obligations without incurring unacceptable losses. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per 
requirements. The Company has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital lines from various banks. Furthermore, the 
Company have access to undrawn lines of committed borrowing/facilities. The Company invests its surplus funds in bank fixed 
deposits and in mutual funds, which carry no or low market risk. The company consistently generates sufficient cash flows from 
operations or from cash and cash equivalents to meet its financial obligations including lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
 (i) Financing arrangements
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
Secured borrowing facilities
- Amount used  -    -   
- Amount unused  1,700.00  5,700.00 
Total  1,700.00  5,700.00 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Less than  
1 year
Between 1 
to 5 years Over 5 years Less than  
1 year
Between  
1 to 5 years Over 5 years
As on 31st March, 2025
Borrowings  -    5,940.02  -    -    5,940.02  -   
Lease Liabilities  -    25.13  -    -    42.69  -   
Trade Payables  1,936.82  3.25  -    2,476.35  0.08  -   
Other Financial Liabilities  106.51  -    -    114.88  -    -   
 2,043.33  5,968.40  -    2,591.23  5,982.79  -   
 (ii) Maturity profile of financial liabilities
D. Capital Management
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity shareholders. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximise the shareholder 
value, safeguard business continuity and support the growth of the Company. The Company manages its capital structure and 
makes suitable adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions.
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
Borrowings - Current and Non-Current  5,940.02  5,940.02 
Long-term maturities of Lease obligations  25.13  42.69 
Current maturities of Lease obligations  23.10  23.10 
Less: cash and cash equivalent  (479.89)  (222.67)
Less: other balances with banks  (2,254.00)  (9,449.34)
Less: current investments  -    (3,761.17)
Net Debts  3,254.36  (7,427.36)
Total Equity  23,438.31  23,688.19 
% Net debt to equity ratio 13.88% -31.35%
122
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 115 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
39
(A) Value and percentage of Raw Materials and Stores and Spares consumed:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Raw Materials
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 66.12% 84.96%
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)  7,380.95  14,327.49 
Imported
Percenatge (%) 33.88% 15.04%
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)  3,781.51  2,536.20 
Total Raw Material Consumed  11,162.45  16,863.69 
Stores & Spares
Indigenous
Percenatge (%)  -    -   
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)  -    -   
Imported
Percenatge (%)  -    -   
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)  -    -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Raw Material  3,801.23  2,544.73 
Capital Goods  -    -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
Travelling Expenses  -    -   
Bank Charges  -    -   
Commission Expense  -    -   
Others  -    -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
For the year ended 
March 31, 2024
F.O.B Value of Export  64.12  93.73 
(B) C.I.F Value of Import
(C) Expenditure in Foreign Currency 
(D) Earnings in Foreign Currency 
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
(a) The Company does not have any benami property held in its name. No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending 
against the Company for holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules 
made thereunder.
(b) The Company does not have any transactions or relationships with any companies struck off under Section 248 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 or Section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956.
(c) The Company has complied with the requirement with respect to number of layers as prescribed under section 2(87) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
FS
123
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 116 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2025
Sr. 
No. Ratio As at  
31st March 2025
As at  
31st March 2024 % Change Reason for variance
1 Current ratio  5.69  7.94 -28.30% Significant decrease in 
current asset as compared to 
decrease in current liabilities
2 Debt- Equity ratio  0.25  0.36 -28.62% No significant change in 
borrowings as compared 
to significant increase in 
Average Equity  
3 Debt Service Coverage ratio  0.00  0.04 -97.90% Significant decrease in the 
profit during the year
4 Return on Equity ratio -0.91% 0.20% -552.33% Significant decrease in the 
profit during the year
5 Inventory Turnover Ratio  16.69  14.59 14.36%
6 Trade Receivable Turnover ratio  2.26  2.71 -16.51%
7 Trade Payable Turnover ratio  6.05  5.17 17.15%
8 Net Capital Turnover ratio 94.86% 115.83% -18.10%
9 Net Profit ratio -1.61% 0.19% -962.54% Significant decrease in the 
profit as well as turnover 
during the year
10 Return on Capital Employed -0.43% -0.29% 45.57% Significant decrease in the 
profit during the year
(d) Utilisation of borrowed funds and share premium:
 (i) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
  - Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
 (ii) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
  - directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
(e) There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such 
as search or survey), that has not been recorded in the books of account.
(f) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the year.
41 Ratio Analysis
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 (Contd..)
124
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 117 =====
Consolidated 
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 118 =====
Independent Auditor’s Report
To 
The Members of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Opinion:
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated financial 
statements of VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED (the 
Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as 
“the Group”), which comprising of the consolidated Balance 
sheet as at March 31 2025 the consolidated Statement of Profit and 
Loss, including other comprehensive income, the consolidated 
Cash Flow Statement and the consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, including a summary of material accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of 
reports of other auditors on separate financial statements and on 
the other financial information of the subsidiaries, the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements give the information required 
by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the 
consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2025, 
their consolidated profit including other comprehensive income, 
their consolidated cash flows and the consolidated statement of 
changes in equity for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion:
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those 
Standards are further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements’ section of 
our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance 
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that 
are relevant to our audit of the financial statements under the 
provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements.
Key audit Matter
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have 
determined the matters described below to be the key audit 
matters to be communicated in our report.
Sr.No Key Audit Matter Auditors Response
1. Accuracy, Completeness and disclosure with 
reference to Ind AS 16 of Property, Plant and 
Equipment
Peculiarity and technical complexities of Property, 
Plant and Equipment used in the operations and 
different IT systems used for maintaining Fixed 
Asset Register (FAR) requires more attention to 
ensure reasonably accurateness and completeness 
of financial reporting in respect of Property, Plant 
and Equipment.
Further, due to technical complexities management 
is required to assess and make estimates/
judgments about capitalisation, estimated useful 
life, impairment etc. which has material impact on 
Balance Sheet and operating results
Principal Audit Procedures
Our audit approach consisted of testing the design and operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls and substantive testing as follows:
(a) We assessed the Company’s process regarding maintenance of 
records, Valuation and accounting of transactions relating to 
Property, Plant and Equipment as per the Ind AS 16.
(b) We have evaluated the design of Internal Controls relating to 
recording and valuation of Property, Plant and Equipment.
(c) We have carried out substantive audit procedures at financial and 
assertion level to verify the capitalisation of assets as Property, Plant 
and Equipment.
(d) We have verified the maintenance of records and accounting of 
transactions regarding capital work in progress by carrying out 
substantive audit procedures at financial and assertion levels.
126
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 119 =====
Sr.No Key Audit Matter Auditors Response
(e) We have reviewed management judgement pertaining to estimation 
of useful life and depreciation of the Property, Plant and Equipment 
in accordance with Schedule II of Companies Act, 2013.
(f) We have verified the capitalisation of borrowing cost incurred on 
qualifying asset in accordance with the Ind AS 23.
2. Valuation, Accuracy, Completeness and 
disclosures pertaining to Inventories with 
reference to Ind AS 2.
Inventories constitutes material component of 
financial statement. Correctness, completeness and 
valuation are critical for reflecting true and fair 
financial results of operations.
Principal Audit Procedures
Our audit approach consisted testing of the design and operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls and substantive testing as 
follows:
a) We assessed the Company’s process regarding Maintenance of 
records, Valuation and accounting of transactions relating to 
Inventory as per the Indian Accounting Standard 
b) We have evaluated the design of Internal Controls relating to 
recording and valuation of Inventory.
c) We have carried out substantive audit procedures at financial and 
assertion level to verify the allocation of overheads to Inventory.
d) We have verified the compliance with the standard norms relating 
to production as framed and timely updated by the management
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon:
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the Annual report, but does not include 
the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon. Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements 
does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our 
audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility 
is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider 
whether such other information is materially inconsistent with 
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained 
in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, 
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a 
material misstatement of this other information, we are required 
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated 
Financial Statements:
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial 
statements in terms of the requirements of the Act that give a true and 
fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial 
performance including other comprehensive income, consolidated 
cash flows and consolidated statement of changes in equity of the 
Group in accordance with the accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind 
AS) specified under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended. 
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of their respective companies and for 
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection 
and application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant 
to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been 
used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, management 
is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or 
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The respective Boards of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the financial 
reporting process of the Group.
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statement:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these consolidated financial statements. 
FS
127
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 120 =====
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also: 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, 
and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting 
from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit 
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also 
responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Holding 
Company has adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of 
such controls. 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures 
made by management.
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related 
to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
ability of the Group and its associates, joint ventures and joint 
operation to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a 
material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in 
our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to 
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit 
evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. 
However, future events or conditions may cause the Group 
and its associates, joint ventures and joint operation to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the 
consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, 
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the 
underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves 
fair presentation.
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the 
financial information of the entities or business activities within 
the Group and its associates, joint ventures and joint operation 
of which we are the independent auditors, to express an opinion 
on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for 
the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the 
financial statements of such entities included in the consolidated 
financial statements of which we are the independent auditors. 
For the other entities included in the consolidated financial 
statements, which have been audited by other auditors, such 
other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance of 
the Holding Company and such other entities included in 
the consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit. 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our 
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits 
of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements:
1.  As required by section 143(3) of the Act, based on my 
audit, I report that:
 a) We the other auditors whose report we have relied 
upon have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our knowledge 
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit 
of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements. 
 b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid 
consolidation of the financial statements have been 
kept so far as it appears from our examination of those 
books and reports of the other auditors.
 c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement 
of Other Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated 
Cash Flow Statement and Consolidated Statement 
of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are 
in agreement with the books of account maintained 
for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated 
financial statements; 
 d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial 
statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended;
 e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 
31, 2025 taken on record by the Board of Directors of 
the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory 
auditors who are appointed under Section 139 of the 
Act, of its subsidiary companies, associate companies, 
joint ventures and joint operation, none of the 
128
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 121 =====
directors of the Group’s companies, its associates and 
joint ventures, incorporated in India, is disqualified as 
on March 31, 2025 from being appointed as a director 
in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act;
 f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer 
to my separate report in “Annexure A”. Our report 
expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy 
and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
financial controls over financial reporting.
 g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s report in accordance with the requirements 
of section 197 (6) of the Act.
 h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rule 2014, as amended 
in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanation given to us.
  i. The Company does not have any pending 
litigation which would impact its financial 
position in its financial statements as at 
31st March, 2025;
  ii. The Company did not have any long-term 
contracts including derivative contracts for 
which they were any material foreseeable losses.
  iii. There were no amounts which were required 
to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.
  iv. No dividend has been declared or paid during 
the year by the company.
  v. The Management has represented that, to the best 
of its knowledge and belief, other than disclosed 
in the notes, no funds have been advanced 
or loaned or invested (either from borrowed 
funds or share premium or any other sources 
or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
  vi. The Management has represented, that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, other than 
disclosed in the notes to accounts, no funds 
have been received by the Company from 
any person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Company shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
  vii. Based on such audit procedures that have 
been considered reasonable and appropriate 
in the circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, 
contain any material misstatement. 
  viii. Based on our examination, which included 
test checks, the Company has used accounting 
software systems for maintaining its books of 
account for the financial year ended March 31, 
2025 which have the feature of recording audit 
trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated 
throughout the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software systems. Further, 
during the course of our audit we did not come 
across any instance of the audit trail feature 
being tampered with and the audit trail has been 
preserved by the Company as per the statutory 
requirements for record retention.
2. With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) 
and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 
(the “Order”/“CARO”) issued by the Central Government 
in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in 
the Auditor’s report, according to the information and 
explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports 
issued by us for the Company and its subsidiaries included 
in the consolidated financial statements of the Company, to 
which reporting under CARO is applicable, 
 we report that there are no qualifications or adverse remarks 
in these CARO reports.
For Raman S Shah & Co, 
Chartered Accountants 
Firm’s Registration No. 111919W
Raman S Shah
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai.  M. No. 033272
Date:20-05-2025 UDIN: 25033272BMGDPA6846
FS
129
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 122 =====
Annexure – “A” to the Independent Auditors’ Report of Even date on the Financial Statements of 
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls over 
financial reporting under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 
of Section 143 of the Companies Act (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting with reference to financial statements of VALIANT 
LABORATORIES LIMITED ((hereinafter referred to as “the 
Holding Company”) as of March 31, 2025 in conjunction with 
my audit of the financial statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial 
Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in 
the Group, its associates and joint ventures which are companies 
incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and 
maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
financial control over Financial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to the respective company’s policies, the 
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds 
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Holding 
company’s internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
(the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an 
audit of internal financial controls, both issued by the ICAI. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with 
ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements 
was established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements and their 
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit 
evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports 
referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Holding Company’s internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting with reference to these financial statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial 
control with reference to consolidated financial statements 
includes those policies and procedures that 
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; 
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorisations of 
management and directors of the company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a 
material effect on the financial statements.
130
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 123 =====
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting with reference to these 
financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
with reference to these consolidated financial statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management 
override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud 
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation 
of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that 
the internal financial control with reference to consolidated 
financial statements may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Group, its associates and joint ventures, 
which are companies incorporated in India, have, maintained 
in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated f inancial statements and such internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements were operating effectively as at March 31,2025, based 
on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the Holding Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI
For Raman S Shah & Co, 
Chartered Accountants 
Firm’s Registration No. 111919W
Raman S Shah
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai.  M. No. 033272
Date:20-05-2025 UDIN: 25033272BMGDPA6846
FS
131
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 124 =====
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Note No.  As at  
March  31, 2025 
 As at  
March  31, 2024 
I. ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2  4,788.26  4,941.67 
(b) Right to Use assets 3(a)  44.66  63.72 
(c) Capital work-in-progress 2  15,578.06  4,264.88 
(d) Other Intangible Assets 3(b)  10.80  -   
(e) Goodwill on consolidation  -    -   
(f) Financial Assets
 (i) Other Investments 4A  -    -   
 (ii) Other Financial Assets 5A  357.16  343.95 
(g) Other non-current assets 6A  45.00  2,100.11 
Total Non-Current Assets  20,823.94  11,714.34 
Current assets
(a) Inventories 7  398.87  1,001.54 
(b) Financial Assets
 (i) Investments 4B  -    3,761.17 
 (ii) Trade Receivables 8  7,212.19  4,572.72 
 (iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 9  491.65  1,171.82 
 (iv) Bank Balances Other than Cash & Cash Equivalents 10  7,107.49  9,449.34 
 (v) Loans 11  6.16  3.04 
 (v) Other Financial Assets 5B  -    -   
(c) Other Current Assets 6B  3,826.36  2,186.76 
(d) Current Tax Assets (Net) 12  219.06  408.00 
Total Current Assets  19,261.79  22,554.39 
TOTAL ASSETS  40,085.75  34,268.73 
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 13  4,345.00  4,345.00 
(b) Optionally Convertible Preference Shares  -    -   
(b) Other Equity 14  19,086.01  19,341.12 
(c) Non Controlling Interests  -    -   
Total Equity  23,431.01  23,686.12 
LIABILITIES
Non-Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 - Borrowings 15A  10,434.89  7,466.30 
 - Lease Liabilities 16A  25.13  42.69 
 - Other non financial liabilities 17  96.14  96.14 
(b) Provisions 18A  12.84  8.00 
(c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (net) 19  124.17  61.77 
Total non-current liabilities  10,693.17  7,674.91 
Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 15B  1,685.57  138.75 
 (ii) Lease Liabilities 16B  23.10  23.10 
 (iii) Trade Payables 20
  A) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises; and  378.58  25.07 
  B) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small enterprises  3,693.02  2,567.62 
 (iv) Other Financial Liabilities 21  135.26  121.89 
(b) Other Current Liabilities 22  26.06  19.70 
(c) Provisions 18B  19.98  11.56 
(d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)  -    -   
Total Current Liabilities  5,961.57  2,907.69 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  40,085.75  34,268.73 
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes (1-40)
Previous Year’s figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Ms. Prajakta Patil
Date - 20th May, 2025 Company Secretary
UDIN - 25033272BMGDPA6846 ICSI M.No.: A53370
132
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 125 =====
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.(Note No. 1-40)
Previous Year’s figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Ms. Prajakta Patil
Date - 20th May, 2025 Company Secretary
UDIN - 25033272BMGDPA6846 ICSI M.No.: A53370
Statement of Consolidated Profit and Loss 
for the period ended March 31 , 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Note No.  For the period  
March 31, 2025 
 For the period  
March 31, 2024 
I Revenue from operations 23  13,338.20  18,205.72 
II Other income 24  543.48  968.15 
III Total Income (I + II)  13,881.68  19,173.87 
IV Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 25  11,217.74  16,936.28 
Purchase of stock-in-trade 26  56.14  2.78 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress 27  386.10  (113.63)
Employee benefits expense 28  438.81  431.27 
Finance costs 29  17.53  7.78 
Depreciation, Amortization and Impairment Expenses 30  209.26  196.56 
Other expenses 31  1,707.35  1,789.78 
IV Total Expenses  14,032.93  19,250.81 
V Profit before tax (III - IV)  (151.26)  (76.95)
VI Tax expense:
Current tax  5.68  (98.16)
Deferred tax charge/(credit)  63.18  (10.76)
Total tax Expense  68.86  (108.91)
VII Profit for the year (V - VI)  (220.12)  31.96 
VIII Other comprehensive income:
a) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent year
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  (3.19)
 Fair value changes of various Financial intruments  23.44 
b) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit & loss
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  0.79 
 Tax on various Financial intruments  (5.90)
 Fair value changes of various Financial intruments
VIII Total other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of tax  (2.40)  17.54 
IX Total comprehensive income for the year   (VII + VIII) 
(Total of profit and other comprehensive income for the year)
 (222.52)  49.50 
Profit for the year 
Attributable to: 
Non-controlling interests 
Owners of the Parent  (220.12)  31.96 
Total other comprehensive income for the year 
Attributable to: 
Non-controlling interests 
Owners of the Parent  (222.52)  49.50 
Earnings per equity share of Rs. 10/- each (Previous Year: Rs. 10/- each) 32
(1) Basic  (0.51)  0.13 
(2) Diluted  (0.51)  0.13 
FS
133
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 126 =====
Consolidation Cash Flow Statement 
as on March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
As on  
March 31, 2025
As on  
March 31, 2024
(A) Cash Flow from Operating Activities
 Net Profit Before Tax  (151.26)  (76.95)
 Adjustments 
 Finance Cost 17.53 7.78
 Depreciation and Amortization and Impairment Expense 209.26 196.56
 Provision for Gratuity  4.69  -   
 Provision for Leave Encashment  1.76  -   
 Provision for doubtful debts  84.76  -   
 Provision for bonus  16.48  -   
 Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  93.39  -   
 Foreign Exchange Gain/Loss  1.47  -   
 Profit on disposal of asset  (0.48)  -   
 Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes  277.61  127.39 
 Adjustments
 Add/(Less):
 (Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables  (2,724.22)  4,284.11 
 (Increase) / Decrease in Inventories  602.67  302.70 
 (Increase) / Decrease Loans  (3.13)  4.01 
 (Increase) / Decrease other Current Assets  (1,804.33)  (1,289.34)
 (Increase) / Decrease in Financial Assets  (13.21)  (148.26)
 (Increase) / Decrease other Non Current Assets  2,055.11  (864.68)
 Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payable  1,478.90  (2,136.94)
 Increase / (Decrease) in Lease Liabilities  (17.56)  (15.96)
 Increase / (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  6.36  (85.00)
 Increase / (Decrease) in Provisions  13.25  -   
 Increase / (Decrease) in Financial Liabilities  13.37  (87.65)
 Cash Generated from Operation  (115.18)  90.38 
 Income Tax Paid  246.51  98.16 
 Net Cash From Operating Activities  (A)  131.33  188.54 
(B) Cash Flow From Investing Activities
 Acquisition of Property, Plant and Equipment and CWIP (net)  (11,385.36)  (4,587.03)
 Sale Proceeds on Property, Plant and Equipment  5.57  -   
 Bank Balances not considered as Cash and Cash Equivalents  2,341.85  (9,441.34)
 Redemption of Mutual Fund  3,761.17  -   
 Investment in Mutual Fund  -    (359.31)
 Net Cash from Investing Activities (B)  (5,276.77)  (14,387.68)
(C) Cash Flow From Financing Activities
 Proceeds / (Repayment) from Short Term Borrowings  1,546.82  138.75 
 Proceeds / (Repayment) from Long Term Borrowings  2,968.58  1,526.28 
 Proceeds from Issue of Share Capital  -    13,587.54 
 Expenses in relation to IPO  (32.60)  -   
 Interest Paid  (17.53)  (7.78)
 Net Cash from /(Used) in Financing Activities  (C)  4,465.28  15,244.79 
 Net Increase / (Decrease): in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  (680.16)  1,045.65 
 Opening Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents  1,171.82  126.16 
 Closing Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents  491.65  1,171.82 
1. The above statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes. (1-40)
2. Previous Year’s figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
3. Figures in brackets indicate cash outgo.
4. The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under “Indirect Method” set out in Ind AS 7 Statement of Cash Flow.
134
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 127 =====
Consolidation Cash Flow Statement 
as on March 31, 2025
5. Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
a. Cash on Hand  8.65  5.72 
b. Balances with Banks  483.00  1,166.09 
Total  491.65  1,171.82 
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Ms. Prajakta Patil
Date - 20th May, 2025 Company Secretary
UDIN - 25033272BMGDPA6846 ICSI M.No.: A53370
FS
135
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 128 =====
Consoliadted Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the period March 31, 2025
A. Equity Share Capital
Current Reporting Period 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  Balance as on 
April 1, 2024 
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
 Restated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods  
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
 Balance as on 
31-03-2025 
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  4,345.00  4,345.00 
Optionally Convertible Equity Shares 
(Instruments entirely equity in nature)
 -    -    -    -   
Share Capital Pending Allotment  -    -    -    -   
Total  4,345.00  -    4,345.00  -    4,345.00 
Previous Reporting Period 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  Balance as on 
April 1, 2023 
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors  
 Restated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods  
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
 Balance as on 
31-03-2024 
Ordinary Equity Shares  3,256.00  -    3,256.00  1,089.00  4,345.00 
Optionally Convertible Equity Shares 
(Instruments entirely equity in nature)
 -    -    -    -    -   
Share Capital Pending Allotment  -    -    -    -   
Total  3,256.00  -    3,256.00  1,089.00  4,345.00 
B. Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Reserve and surplus Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total other 
equitySecurities 
Premium
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at 31st March 2024  14,132.44  5,208.68  19,341.12 
Net profit for the year  -    (220.12)  (220.12)
Fair value changes of various Financial intruments (net off tax)  -   
Remeasurement Gain / (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  -    (1.94)  (1.94)
Amount utilized for Dividend and Dividend Distribution Tax  -    -   
Issuance of Bonus Shares  -    -   
Reserve during the year  (32.60)  -    (32.60)
Balance as at 31st March 2025  14,099.84  4,988.57  (1.94)  19,086.47 
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Ms. Prajakta Patil
Date - 20th May, 2025 Company Secretary
UDIN - 25033272BMGDPA6846 ICSI M.No.: A53370
1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Ind AS financial statements.
2. Previous year figures have been recasted/restated wherever necessary including those as required in keeping with revised 
Schedule III amendments.
C. Notes forming part of the financial statement.
136
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 129 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED F.Y. 2024-25
Corporate Information
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED ("VLL" or "The 
Company" ) is public limited entity incorporated in India. The 
registered office of the Company is located at 104 UDYOG 
KSHETRA 1ST FLOOR MULUND GOREGAON LINK ROAD 
MULUND (W) MUMBAI MH 400080 INDIA, The Company is 
engaged in manufacturing and dealing in Pharmaceuticals and 
speciality chemicals. The Company & its Indian Subsidiary will 
be considered as Group
The financial statements of the Company for the year ended 
31.3.2025 were approved for issue in accordance with a resolution 
of the Board of Directors in its meeting held on 20th May, 2025
1 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements
 Statement of Compliance
 The financial statements have been prepared in accordance 
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India 
(referred to as “IND AS”) as prescribed under section 133 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 including 
presentation and disclosure requirements of Division II 
of Schedule III of the Act as amended from time to time.  
In addition, the guidance notes/announcements issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) 
are also applied except if compliance with other statutory 
promulgations require a different treatment.
 Accordingly, the Company has prepared these Financial 
Statements which comprise the Balance Sheet as at March 
31, 2025, the Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 
March 31, 2025, the Statement of Cash Flows for the year 
ended March 31, 2025 and the Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the year ended as on that date, and accounting policies 
and other explanatory information (together hereinafter 
referred to as ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’)
 Classification of Assets and Liabilities
 All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or 
non-current as per company’s normal operating cycle and 
other criteria set out in the Division II of Schedule III to the 
Companies Act, 2013  Based on the nature of products and 
the time between acquisition of assets for processing and 
their realisation in cash and cash equivalents, the company 
has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the 
purpose of current and non-current classification of assets 
and liabilities.
 Basis of Measurement
 These Financial statement are prepared under the historical 
cost convention on an accrual basis except for certain 
financial instrument, which are measured at fair value, 
which are disclosed in the financial statement.
 Functional and Presentation currency
 The financial statements are presented in Indian rupees 
(‘INR ‘) which is the functional currency of the company 
and all values are rounded to the nearest rupees in lakhs 
except otherwise indicated
 Use of accounting estimates and judgements
 The preparation of financial statements requires 
management judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that impacts the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, 
assets and liabilities, and the accompanying notes thereon. 
Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates 
could result in outcomes that might require a material 
adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities 
in future periods.
 Estimates
 The preparation of the financial statements in conformity 
with IND AS requires management to make estimates, 
judgments and assumptions. These estimates, judgments 
and assumptions affect the application of accounting 
policies and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, 
the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date 
of financial statements and reported amounts of revenues 
and expenses during the period. Accounting estimates could 
change from period to period. Actual results could differ 
from those estimates. Appropriate changes in estimates 
are made as management becomes aware of circumstances 
surrounding the estimates. Changes in estimates are 
reflected in the financial statement in the period in which 
changes are made and if material, their effects are disclosed 
in the notes to the financial statements.
 The following are areas involving critical estimates:
 Impairment
 Accounting for Defined benefit plans
 Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible 
assets - Fair Valuation of Financial instruments
 Valuation of Inventories
 Judgments
 The company’s management has made the following 
judgement, which have the most significant effect on the 
amounts recognised in the separate financial statements, 
while formulating the company’s  accounting policies.
 The following are areas involving critical judgments:
 Leases
 Estimation of income tax payable and income tax expense 
in relation to an uncertain tax position
 Provisions and Contingencies
FS
137
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 130 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
2 Property, plant and equipment (PPE) and Intangible assets
 Property, plant and equipment (PPE)
 Property, plant and equipment  are stated at cost net of tax 
/duty credit availed, less accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost comprises 
of purchase price inclusive of non creditable taxes, 
commissioning expenses, etc. up to the date the asset 
is ready for its intended use. When significant parts of 
property, plant and equipment are required to be replaced 
at intervals, the company derecognizes the replace part, and 
recognizes the new part with its own associated useful life 
and it is depreciated accordingly. Likewise, when a major 
inspection is performed, its cost is recognized in the carrying 
amount of the plant and equipment as a replacement if 
the recognition criteria are satisfied. All other repair and 
maintenance cost are recognised in the statement of profit 
and loss as incurred.
 Long term lease arrangements of land are treated as 
property, plant and equipment, in case such arrangements 
result in transfer of control and the present value of the 
lease payments is likely to represent substantially all of the 
fair value of the land.
 Capital Work In Progress represents expenditure incurred 
on capital assets that are under construction or are pending 
capitalisation and includes Project expenses pending 
allocation. Project expenses pending allocation are 
apportioned to the property, Plant and equipment of the 
project proportionately on capitalisation.
 Borrowing cost on property, plant and equipment’s are 
capitalised when the relevant recognition criteria specified 
in IND AS 23 Borrowing cost is met.
 Decommissioning costs, if any, on property, plant and 
equipment are estimated at their present value and 
capitalised as part of such assets.
 An item of property, plant and equipment and any 
significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon 
disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected 
with the carrying amount of any component accounted for 
as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other 
repair and maintenance are charge to profit or loss during 
the reporting period in which they are incurred.
 The residual value and useful lives of property, plant and 
equipment are reviewed at each financial year end and 
adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
 The Property, plant and equipment  existing on the 
date of transition are accounted on deemed cost basis by 
applying para D7AA in accordance with the exemption 
provided in IND AS 101 “First-time Adoption of Indian 
Accounting Standards” at previous GAAP carrying value 
( Deemed Cost ).
 Intangible assets
 Intangible assets are recognised when it is probable that the 
future economic benefits that are attributable to the asset 
will flow to the Company and the cost of the asset can be 
measured reliably. Intangible assets are stated at original 
cost net of tax/duty credits availed, if any, less accumulated 
amortisation and cumulative impairment. Administrative 
and other general overhead expenses that are specifically 
attributable to acquisition of intangible assets are allocated 
and capitalised as a part of the cost of the intangible 
assets. Intangible development costs are capitalised as and 
when technical and commercial feasibility of the asset is 
demonstrated and future economic benefits are probable.
 The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as either 
finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are 
amortised over the useful economic life and assessed 
for impairment whenever there is an indication that the 
intangible asset may be impaired. The amortisation period 
and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with 
a finite useful life are reviewed at least at the end of each 
reporting period.
 Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an intangible 
asset are measured as the difference between the net 
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and 
are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the 
asset is derecognised.
 Research and Development
 Revenue expenditure on Research and Development is 
charged to statement of profit and loss in  the year in 
which it is incurred. Capital expenditure on research and 
development is considered as an addition to property, plant 
and equipment/intangible assets.
 Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development 
expenditures on an individual project are recognised as an 
intangible asset when the Company can demonstrate:-
 development costs can be measured reliably;-
 the product or process is technically and 
commercially feasible;
 commercially feasible;
 future economic benefits are probable; and
 the Company intends to and has sufficient resources to 
complete development and to use or sell the asset.
 “Following initial recognition of the development 
expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at cost less any 
accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment 
losses. Amortisation of the asset begins when development 
is complete and the asset is available for use. It is amortised 
over the period of expected future benefit. Amortisation 
138
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 131 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
expense is recognised in the statement of profit and loss 
unless such expenditure forms part of carrying value of 
another asset. During the period of development, the asset 
is tested for impairment annually”
 Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and residual 
value
 Depreciation on Fixed Assets is provided on Straight Line 
Method (SLM) method as per rates prescribed in Schedule 
II of the Companies Act, 2013, except in the respect of the 
following assets, where useful life of asset is different than 
those prescribed in Schedule II of the Act.
Particulars Depreciation
Factory Building (Useful 30 Years )   Over its useful life 
as assessed
Plant & Machinery (Useful life 19 
years)
Over its useful life 
as assessed
Vehicle (Useful life 10 years) Over its useful life 
as assessed
Leasehold Land Over the period of 
lease term
 Impairement
 The Company assesses at each reporting the carrying 
amounts of its property, plant and equipment, intangible 
assets to determine whether there is any indication that 
those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any 
indication exists, or when annual impairment testing for 
an asset is required, the Company estimates the asset’s 
recoverable amount. Impairment loss, if any, is provided to 
the extent that the carrying amount of assets exceeds their 
recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is higher of net 
selling price of an asset or its value in use. Value in use is 
the present value of estimated future cash flows expected 
to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from its 
disposal at the end of its useful life.
 Non-current assets held for sale
 Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of carrying 
amount or fair value less costs to sell. The determination 
of fair value less costs to sell includes use of management 
estimates and assumptions. The fair value of the assets 
held for sale has been estimated using valuation techniques 
(including income and market approach), which include 
unobservable inputs. Non-current assets and disposal 
group that ceases to be classified as “Held for Sale” shall 
be measured at the lower of carrying amount before the 
non-current asset and disposal group was classified as 
“Held for Sale” and its recoverable amount at the date of 
the subsequent decision not to sell. Recoverable amounts of 
assets reclassified from “Held for Sale” have been estimated 
using the Management’s assumptions.
3 Retirement and other employee benefits
 The Company recognizes employee benefits as per the 
principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind 
AS) 19 – Employee Benefits, as set out below:
 Short-term Employee Benefits
 Short-term employee benefits are those which are due to be 
settled wholly within twelve months after the end of the 
period in which the employees render the related services. 
These include salaries, wages, bonuses, performance 
incentives, compensated absences (if expected to be availed 
within 12 months), and other non-monetary benefits. The 
undiscounted amount of short-term employee benefits is 
recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss in the period in which the related service is rendered.
 Defined Contribution Plans
 The Company’s contributions to Provident Fund and other 
defined contribution plans are recognized as an expense in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which the 
employees render services. The Company has no further 
obligation beyond its monthly contribution.
 Defined Benefit Plans
 The Company provides for gratuity, a defined benefit plan, 
in accordance with the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. 
The liability is determined using the Projected Unit Credit 
Method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the 
end of each reporting period. The defined benefit liability 
recognized in the balance sheet represents the present value 
of the defined benefit obligation as reduced by the fair value 
of plan assets (if any).
 Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience 
adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions 
are recognized immediately in Other Comprehensive 
Income (OCI) and are not reclassified to profit or loss in 
subsequent periods.
 Past service cost is recognized immediately in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss.
 The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount 
rate to the net defined benefit liability or asset.
 Other Long-term Employee Benefits
 The liability for other long-term employee benefits such 
as long-term compensated absences and long-service 
awards is also determined using the Projected Unit Credit 
Method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at each 
reporting date. Actuarial gains and losses are recognized 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which 
they arise. The obligation is presented as a liability in the 
balance sheet to the extent it is not expected to be settled 
within twelve months.
FS
139
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 132 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 Termination Benefits
 Termination benefits are recognized as a liability and 
expense when the Company has a present obligation as a 
result of a past event and it is probable that an outflow of 
resources will be required to settle the obligation, and the 
amount can be reliably estimated. Termination benefits that 
are expected to be settled wholly within twelve months are 
recognized at the undiscounted amount. Otherwise, they 
are measured on a discounted basis.
4 Borrowing costs
 “Borrowing costs include interest, other costs incurred in 
connection with borrowing and exchange differences arising 
from foreign currency borrowings to the extent that they 
are regarded as an adjustment to the interest cost. General 
and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, 
which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of 
time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added 
to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are 
substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other 
borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of profit 
and loss in the period in which they are incurred”
 In determining the amount of borrowing costs eligible for 
capitalization during a period, any income earned on the 
temporary investment of those borrowings is deducted 
from the borrowing costs incurred.
5 Inventories
 Items of inventories are valued lower of cost or estimated 
net realisable value as given below.
 Raw Materials and Packing Materials:
 Raw Materials and packing materials are valued at Lower of 
Cost or market value, (Cost is net cess). However materials 
and other items held for use in the production of inventories 
are not written down below cost if the finished products in 
which they will be incorporated are expected to be sold at 
or above cost. Costs are determined on FIFO method
 Work in process:
 Work in process are valued at the lower of cost and 
net realizable value. The cost is computed on weighted 
average method.
 Finished Goods and Semi finished goods :-
 Finished Goods and Semi finished goods are valued at 
lower of cost and net realised value. The cost is computed 
on weighted average method and includes cost of materials, 
cost of conversion and other cost incurred in acquiring the 
inventory and bringing them to their present location and 
condition. Taxes is considered as cost for finished goods, 
whenever applicable.
 Stores and Spares:
 Stores and spare parts are valued at lower of purchase 
Costs are determined on Weighted Average method and 
net realisable value.
 Traded Goods:
 Traded Goods are valued at lower of purchase cost and net 
realisable value.
6 Cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and 
demand deposit with banks, which are short term, highly 
liquid investment, that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk 
of change in value.
7 Financial assets, financial liabilities, equity 
instruments and impairment of financial assets
 Financial assets and liabilities are recognised when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets 
and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are 
added to or deducted from the fair value measured on 
initial recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
 The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when 
it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and 
rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. The Company 
derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the 
Company’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired.
 Financial assets at amortised cost
 Financial assets are subsequently measured at amortised 
cost if these financial assets are held within a business 
whose objective is to hold these assets in order to collect 
contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the 
financial assets give rise on specified dates to cash flows 
that are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
 Financial assets are measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is achieved by both 
collecting contractual cash flows on specified dates that 
are solely payments of principal and interest on the 
principal amount outstanding and selling financial assets. 
The Company has made an irrevocable election to present 
subsequent changes in the fair value of equity investments 
not held for trading in other comprehensive income
140
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 133 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
 Financial assets are measured at fair value through profit 
or loss unless they are measured at amortised cost or at 
fair value through other comprehensive income on initial 
recognition. The transaction costs directly attributable 
to the acquisition of financial assets and liabilities at fair 
value through profit or loss are immediately recognised in 
statement of profit and loss.
 Equity Investments
 All equity investments (excluding the investments in 
Subsidiaries) in the scope of Ind AS 109 are measured at fair 
value. Equity instruments which are held for trading are 
classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity instruments, the 
Company may make an irrevocable election to present in 
other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair 
value. The Company makes such election on an instrument-
by-instrument basis. The classification is made on initial 
recognition and is irrevocable. If the Company decides to 
classify an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair 
value changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are 
recognised in the OCI. There is no recycling of the amounts 
from OCI to the statement of profit and loss, even on sale 
of investment. However, the Company may transfer the 
cumulative gain or loss within equity. Equity instruments 
included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value 
with all changes recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 Investment in subsidiaries
 Investment in subsidiaries are measured at cost less 
impairment loss, if any.
 Financial liabilities
 Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using 
the effective interest method. Other financial liabilities 
(including loans and borrowings, bank overdrafts and 
trade and other payables) are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost using the effective interest method.
 The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts 
estimated future cash payments (including all fees and 
amounts paid or received that form an integral part of the 
effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums 
or discounts) through the expected life of the financial 
liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the 
amortised cost on initial recognition.
 Interest expense (based on the effective interest method), 
foreign exchange gains and losses, and any gain or 
loss on derecognition is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
 For trade and other payables maturing within one year from 
the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate 
fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments
 De-recognition of Financial Instruments:
 The Company derecognises a Financial Asset when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the Financial 
Asset expire or it transfers the Financial Asset and the 
transfer qualifies for de-recognition under Ind AS 109. In 
cases where Company has neither transferred nor retained 
substantially all of the risks and rewards of the financial 
asset, but retains control of the financial asset, the Company 
continues to recognise such financial asset to the extent of 
its continuing involvement in the financial asset. In that 
case, the Company also recognises an associated liability. 
The financial asset and the associated liability are measured 
on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the 
Company has retained.
 A Financial liability (or a part of a financial liability) is 
derecognised from the Company’s Balance Sheet when 
the obligation specified in the contract is discharged or 
cancelled or expires. When an existing financial liability is 
replaced by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are 
substantially modified, such an exchange or modification 
is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and 
the recognition of a new liability. The difference between 
the carrying amount of the financial liability de-recognised 
and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss
 Equity instruments
 An equity instrument is a contract that evidences residual 
interest in the assets of the Company after deducting all of 
its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are 
recognised at the proceeds received net of direct issue cost.
 Impairment of Financial Assets:
 In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Company uses ‘Expected 
Credit Loss’ (ECL) model, for evaluating impairment of all 
Financial Assets subsequent to initial recognition other than 
financial assets measured at fair value through profit and 
loss (FVTPL). The Company uses historical default rates 
to determine impairment loss on the portfolio of trade 
receivables. At every reporting date these historical default 
rates are reviewed and changes in the forward-looking 
estimates are analysed. For other financial assets, the 
Company uses 12 month ECL to provide for impairment 
loss where there is no significant increase in credit risk 
since its initial recognition. If there is significant increase 
in credit risk since its initial recognition full lifetime ECL is 
used. The impairment losses and reversals are recognised in 
Statement of Profit and Loss. ECL is the difference between 
all contractual cash flows that are due to the Company in 
accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the 
entity expects to receive (i.e., all cash shortfalls), discounted 
at the original EIR.
FS
141
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 134 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
8 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets
 Provisions
 The Company recognizes a provision when: it has a present 
legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is 
likely that an outflow of resources will be required to settle  
the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. 
Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses. 
Provisions are reviewed at each balance sheet and adjusted 
to reflect the current best estimates.
 Contingent liabilities
 Contingent liabilities are disclosed in respect of possible 
obligations that arise from past event, whose existence 
would be confirmed by the occurrence or non occurrence of 
one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the 
control of the Company. A contingent liability also arises, in 
rare cases, where a liability cannot be recognised because it 
cannot be measured reliably.
 Contingent Assets
 A contingent assets is not recognised unless it become 
virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefit will 
arise. When an inflow of economic benefits is probable, 
contingent assets are disclosed in the financial statements. 
Contingent liabilities and contingent assets are reviewed at 
each balance sheet date
9 Fair Value Measurement
 “The company measures financial instruments, such as, 
derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date. Fair 
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair value 
measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction 
to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either: - 
In the principal market for the asset or liability, or 
- In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous 
market for the asset or liability The principal or the most 
advantageous market must be accessible by the Company. 
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured 
using the assumptions that market participants would 
use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that 
market participants act in their economic best interest. 
The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using 
the assumptions that market participants would use 
when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best interest.””
 A fair measurement of a non financial assets takes into 
account a market participant’s ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by 
selling it to another market participant that would use the 
asset in its highest and best use.
 The company use valuation techniques that are appropriate 
in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of 
relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of 
unobservable inputs.
 All Assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole :-
 Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly observable.
 Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly unobservable.
 For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the balance 
sheet on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by 
re assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) 
at the end of each reporting period.
 For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has 
determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of 
the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability 
and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
10 Revenue Recognition
 Ind AS 115 applies, with limited exceptions, to all revenue 
arising from contracts with its customers. Ind AS 115 
establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising 
from contracts with customers and requires that revenue 
be recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration 
to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange 
for transferring goods or services to a customer. Ind AS 
115 requires entities to exercise judgment, taking into 
consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances 
when applying each step of the model to contracts with 
their customers. It also specifies the accounting for the 
incremental costs of obtaining a contract and the costs 
directly related to fulfilling a contract.
 Sale of goods : Revenue from sale of goods is recognised 
when control of the products being sold is transferred to 
our customer and when there are no longer any unfulfilled 
obligations. Income from services rendered is recognised 
based on agreements/ arrangements with the customers 
as the service is performed and there are no unfulfilled 
obligations. The Company recognises revenue from goods 
142
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 135 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
sold and services rendered at Transaction Price which is the 
amount of consideration the Company expects to be entitled 
to in exchange for transferring promised goods or services 
to a customer, excluding the amounts collected on behalf 
of a third party. The Transaction price is net of discounts, 
sales incentives, rebates granted, returns, sales taxes, GST 
and duties and any other recoverable taxes
 Generally, in case of domestic sales, performance obligations 
are satisfied when the goods are dispatched or delivery is 
handed over to transporter, revenue from export of goods is 
recognised at the time of Bill of lading or airway bill or any 
other similar document evidencing delivery thereof.
 Interest Income : Interest income from a financial asset is 
recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits 
will flow to the Company and the amount of income can 
be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a time 
basis, by reference to the principle outstanding and at the 
effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that 
exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through 
the expected life of the financial asset to that asset’s net 
carrying amount on initial recognition.
 Dividend income : Dividend income is recognised when 
the right to receive the dividend is established, it is probable 
that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will 
flow to the entity and the amount of the dividend can be 
measured reliably.
 Export benefits : Export incentives are recognised as 
income when the right to receive credit as per the terms 
of the scheme is established in respect of the exports made 
and where there is no significant uncertainty regarding the 
ultimate collection of the relevant export proceeds.
 Sub lease :
 The Company, as an intermediate lessor, may enter into sub-
lease arrangements wherein it sub-leases an asset obtained 
under a head lease. Sub-leases are assessed and classified 
as either operating or finance leases with reference to the 
right-of-use (ROU) asset arising from the head lease, as per 
the provisions of Ind AS 116 – Leases.
 In cases where the sub-lease is classified as an operating 
lease, the Company:
 Continues to recognise the right-of-use asset relating to the 
head lease on its balance sheet;
 Recognises lease income from the sub-lease on a straight-
line basis over the lease term, or another systematic basis 
if it better represents the pattern of benefit consumption by 
the sub-lessee;
 Recognises the lease income under the head “Revenue from 
Operations” in the Statement of Profit and Loss, depending 
on the nature of the sub-leased activity;
 Continues to recognise the lease liability associated with the 
head lease, and the related interest expense and depreciation 
of the ROU asset, in accordance with Ind AS 116.
11 Taxes
 Tax expenses comprise Current Tax and Deferred Tax :
 Current Tax
 Tax on income for the current period is determined on the 
basis of estimated taxable income and tax credits computed 
in accordance with the provisions of the relevant tax laws 
and based on the expected outcome of assessments/ appeals.
 Current income tax relating to item recognized directly in 
equity is recognized in equity and not in the statement of 
profit and loss. Management periodically evaluates positions 
taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which 
applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and 
establishes provisions where appropriate.
 The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax 
payable on the current period’s  taxable income based on 
the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted 
by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable 
to temporary differences and to unused tax losses. The 
current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the 
tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the end of the 
reporting period in the countries where the company and 
its subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable 
income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken 
in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable 
tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes 
provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts 
expected to be paid to the tax authorities.
 Deferred Tax
 Deferred tax is provided using the balance sheet approach 
on temporary differences at the reporting date between 
the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amount in the consolidated financial statement for financial 
reporting purposes at the reporting date.
 The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed 
at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is 
no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be 
available to  allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be 
utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at 
each reporting and are recognized to the extent that it has 
become probable that future taxable profits will allow the 
tax assets to be recovered.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax 
rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset 
is realized or liability settled, based on the tax rates (tax 
laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the 
reporting date.
FS
143
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 136 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 “Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if 
a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets 
against current income tax liabilities and the deferred taxes 
relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. 
The break-up of major components of deferred tax assets 
and liabilities as at balance sheet date has been arrived at 
after setting off deferred tax assets and liabilities where the 
Company have a legally enforceable right to set-off assets 
against liabilities and where such assets and liabilities relate 
to taxes on income levied by the same governing taxation 
laws. For items recognised in OCI, deferred tax is also 
recognised in OCI”
12 Leases :
 The Company recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease 
liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use 
asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the 
initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease 
payments made at or before the commencement date, plus 
any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to 
dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the 
underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any 
lease incentives received.
 The right-of-use asset is subsequently depreciated using 
the straight-line method from the commencement date to 
the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use 
asset or the end of the lease term. The estimated useful lives 
of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as 
those of property, plant and equipment. In addition, the 
right-of-use asset is periodically reduced by impairment 
losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of 
the lease liability.
 The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of 
the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement 
date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease 
or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, company’s 
incremental borrowing rate.
 Generally, the Company uses its incremental borrowing 
rate as the discount rate.
 Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease 
liability comprise the following: –
	 Fixed payments, including in-substance 
fixed payments;
	 Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a 
rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the 
commencement date;
	 Amounts expected to be payable under a residual 
value guarantee; and
	 The exercise price under a purchase option that 
the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, 
lease payments in an optional renewal period if 
the Company is reasonably certain to exercise an 
extension option, and penalties for early termination 
of a lease unless the Company is reasonably certain 
not to terminate early.
 The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a 
change in future lease payments arising from a change in an 
index or rate, if there is a change in the Company’s estimate 
of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value 
guarantee, or if company changes its assessment of whether 
it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option.
 When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a 
corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount 
of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if 
the carrying amount of the right-of -use asset has been 
reduced to zero.
 The Company presents right-of-use assets that do not meet 
the definition of investment property in ‘property, plant and 
equipment’ and lease liabilities in ‘loans and borrowings’ in 
the statement of financial position.
13 Government Grants :
 Government grants are recognised at their fair value where 
there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received 
and the Company will comply with all attached conditions
 Government grants relating to the purchase of property, 
plant and equipment are included in liabilities as deferred 
income and are credited to the statement of profit and loss 
in a  systematic basis over the expected life of the related 
assets and presented within other income.
 Government grants relating to income are deferred and 
recognised in the statement of profit and Loss over the 
period necessary to match them with the costs that they are 
intended to compensate and presented within other income.
14 Foreign Currency Transactions:
 Transaction denominated in foreign currencies is recorded 
at the exchange rate that approximates the actual rate 
prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary item 
denominated in foreign currency remaining unsettled at 
the year-end are translated at year end rates. Differences 
144
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 137 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
arising on settlement or conversion of monetary items 
are recognised in statement of profit and loss. Non-
monetary items which are carried in terms of historical 
cost denominated in foreign currency are reported using 
the exchange rate at the date of transactions. premium in 
case of forward contracts is dealt with in the Profit and Loss 
Account proportionately over the period of contracts. The 
exchange differences arising on settlement/translation are 
dealt with in the Statement of Profit and Loss
15 Events after the reporting period
 Events after the reporting period are those events, 
favourable and unfavourable, that occur between the end 
of the reporting period and the date when the financial 
statements are approved by the Board of Directors in case of 
a company, and, by the corresponding approving authority 
in case of any other entity for issue.
 Two types of events can be identified:
 (a) those that provide evidence of conditions that existed 
at the end of the reporting period (adjusting events 
after the reporting period); and
 (b) those that are indicative of conditions that arose after 
the reporting period (non-adjusting events after the 
reporting period).
16 Earnings Per Share :
 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net 
profit or loss for the year attributable to equity shareholders 
by the weighted average number of equity shares 
outstanding during the year.
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, 
the net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity 
shareholders and the weighted average number of shares 
outstanding during the year are adjusted for the effects of 
all dilutive potential equity shares.
17 Recent Pronouncements
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standards or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued 
from time to time. During the year ended March 31, 2025, 
MCA has not notified any new standards or amendments to 
the existing standards applicable to the Company
18 Previous Year
 Previous Year’s figures are regrouped / rearranged 
wherever required.
FS
145
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 138 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
2 Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Land Factory 
Building
Plant & 
Machinery
Electrical 
Installation
Furniture 
& Fixture Vehicle Computer Office 
Equipment Total  Capital Work in 
Progress (CWIP) 
Opening gross carrying amount as at April 1, 2023  2,264.81  1,200.86  2,788.82  35.18  13.98  149.22  13.33  12.03  6,478.23  68.00 
Addition during the year  18.99  382.55  3.87  4.61  8.30  2.05  420.37  4,216.50 
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -    (19.62)
Disposals during the year  30.22  30.22  -   
Closing gross carrying amount  2,264.81  1,219.85  3,141.15  39.06  13.98  153.83  21.62  14.08  6,868.38  4,264.88 
Accumulated depreciation  -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Opening accumulated depreciation  91.21  425.38  1,115.95  15.65  4.92  81.31  9.73  5.06  1,749.21  -   
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.38  119.23  2.75  1.07  9.64  3.28  1.89  177.50  -   
Disposals during the year  -    -   
Closing accumulated depreciation  98.46  457.76  1,235.18  18.39  5.99  90.95  13.01  6.95  1,926.71  -   
Net carrying amount year end of March 31, 2024  2,166.34  762.09  1,905.97  20.66  7.99  62.88  8.62  7.13  4,941.67  4,264.88 
Opening gross carrying amount as at April 1, 2024  2,264.81  1,219.85  3,141.15  39.06  13.98  153.83  21.62  14.08  6,868.38  4,264.88 
Addition during the year  -    3.00  20.82  5.11  1.99  -    1.04  2.73  34.70  11,326.04 
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -   
Disposals during the year  (2.51)  (2.51)  (12.86)
Closing gross carrying amount  2,264.81  1,222.85  3,159.47  44.17  15.98  153.83  22.66  16.81  6,900.57  15,578.06 
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  98.46  457.76  1,235.18  18.39  5.99  90.95  13.01  6.95  1,926.71  -   
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.61  124.65  2.91  1.17  10.21  5.92  2.45  187.18  -   
Disposals during the year  (1.57)  (1.57)  -   
Closing accumulated depreciation  105.72  490.38  1,358.26  21.30  7.16  101.16  18.92  9.40  2,112.31  -   
Net carrying amount year end of March 31, 2025  2,159.08  732.48  1,801.20  22.87  8.81  52.67  3.74  7.41  4,788.26  15,578.06 
146
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 139 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
2.1 Capital Work In Progress Ageing Schedule: 
 As at 31st March 2025 
2 Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) (Contd..)
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  11,326.04  4,188.59  63.43  -    15,578.06 
Projects temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -    -   
Particulars-Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -    -    -    -    -   
Projects temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -    -   
 As at 31st March 2024 
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  4,188.59  68.01  -    -    4,256.59 
Projects temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -    -   
Particulars - Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  8.29  -    -    -    8.29 
Projects temporarily suspended  -    -    -    -    -   
2.2 Intangible asset under development Ageing Schedule:
 As at 31st March 2025
 As at 31st March 2024 
2.3 Details of Title Deed not held in the name of the company 
Particulars 
 Description 
of item of 
property 
 Gross carrying 
value (` in 
lakhs) 
 Title deeds 
held in the 
name of 
 Whether title 
deed holder 
is a promoter, 
director or 
relative of 
promoter/ 
director or 
employee of 
promoter/
director 
Property held 
since which 
date
NA NA NA NA NA NA
FS
147
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 140 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
3(a) Right-of-Use Asset
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Right-of-Use  
Asset Building
Gross carrying amount  -   
As at 1st April, 2023  152.53 
Addition during the year  -   
Disposals during the year  -   
Gross amount as at 31st March 2024  152.53 
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  69.74 
Depreciation charge during the year  19.06 
Disposals during the year  -   
Gross Depreciation amount as at 31st March 2024  88.80 
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2024  63.72 
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024  152.53 
Addition during the year
Disposals during the year
Gross amount as at 31st March 2025  152.53 
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  88.80 
Depreciation charge during the year  19.06 
Disposals during the year
Gross Depreciation amount as at 31st March 2025  107.86 
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  44.66 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Amount
Gross carrying amount 
As at 1st April, 2024
Additions  17.96 
Disposals  (4.14)
As at 31st March 2025  13.82 
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2024
Depreciation charge for the year  4.00 
Disposals  (0.98)
As at 31st March 2025  3.02 
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  10.80 
3(b) Intangible Asset
4 Investments
4B Investments (current)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2025 31st March 2024
Quoted Investments 
- Investments In Shares & Mutual Funds Current Investment   -    3,761.17 
Total  -    3,761.17 
148
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 141 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
4 Investment (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2025  March 31, 2024 
No of Shares Amount No of Shares Amount
Investments in Mutual Fund (Quoted)
- ICICI Prudential Equity Arbitrage Regular 
Growth Fund  
 -    -    50,02,138.60  1,556.40 
- Kotak Liquid Fund Regular Growth Fund  -    -    20,631.96  1,096.09 
- SBI Liquid Fund Regular Growth Fund  -    -    30,469.50  1,108.67 
Total  -    -    50,53,240.06  3,761.17 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Security Deposit
Unsecured, Considered Good :  357.16  343.95 
Total  357.16  343.95 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Capital Advances  45.00  2,100.11 
Total Other Assets (non-current)  45.00  2,100.11 
(H In Lakhs.)
Other Current Assets As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Balance with Statutory / Government Authorities  3,668.10  1,969.54 
Advances to Suppliers  38.84  15.48 
Prepaid Expenses  15.09  14.36 
Receivable - Others  25.07  187.39 
Custom Duty paid in Advance  38.82  -   
Accrued Interest on FD  40.44  -   
Total Other Assets (current)  3,826.36  2,186.76 
 Other Investments
 Aggregate value of quoted investments and its market value is Rs. Nil (PY 3,761.17  lakhs).
5 Other Financial Assets
5A Non-current (at amortised cost)
6 Other Assets
6A Non-current
 (Unsecured, unless otherwise stated)
6B Current
 (Unsecured, considered good, unless otherwise stated)
FS
149
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 142 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning of the year  24.41  24.41 
Allowances / (write back) during the year  100.34  -   
Written off against past provision  (15.58)  -   
Balance at the end of the year  109.17  24.41 
7 Inventories (at lower of cost and net realisable value) 
8 Trade Receivables (current) (at amortised cost) 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Raw Material  145.08  366.33 
Stores & Spares  11.86  6.00 
Packing Materials  5.75  6.93 
Work-in-Progress  56.98  302.66 
Finished Goods  179.21  319.62 
Total  398.87  1,001.54 
Included above, goods-in-transit:
Raw Material  35.40  -   
 35.40  -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
TRADE RECEIVABLES
Unsecured, 
Debts outstanding for more than six months from the date they are due for payment
Considered Good
Considered Doubtful  109.17  24.41 
Less : Provision For bad Debts  (109.17)  (24.41)
Other Debts - Considered Good  7,212.19  4,572.15 
Sub 'Total Trade Receivable  7,212.19  4,572.15 
Unbilled Revenue  -    -   
Total  7,212.19  4,572.72 
Current Portion  7,212.19  4,572.72 
Non-Current Portion   -    -   
(a) Due to the short nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract.
(b) The Company applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment losses on trade 
receivables. The Company follows the simplified approach for recognition of impairment allowance on trade receivables. 
The application of the simplified approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises 
impairment allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised 
during the period is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected under the head ‘other expenses’ in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
(c) Movement in impairment allowance on trade receivables
150
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 143 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(d) Trade receivables (current) ageing :
 As at 31 March, 2025
8 Trade Receivables (current) (at amortised cost) (Contd..)
 Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment 
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month  
 6 Month 
to 1 Year   1-2 Year   2-3 Year   More than 
3 Year   Total 
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 5,886.29  1,199.56  44.98  81.36  -    -    7,212.19 
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -    -    -    100.34  -    8.83  109.17 
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
 5,886.29  1,199.56  44.98  181.70  -    8.83  7,321.36 
Unbilled Trade Receivables  -   
Less: Impairment Allowance  (109.17)
Total Trade Receivables  7,212.19 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month  
 6 Month 
to 1 Year   1-2 Year   2-3 Year   More than 
3 Year   Total 
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 2,602.38  1,923.97  46.38  -    -    -    4,572.73 
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -    -    10.07  0.01  14.33  24.41 
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -    -    -    -    -   
 2,602.38  1,923.97  56.45  0.01  -    14.33  4,597.14 
Unbilled Trade Receivables  -   
Less: Impairment Allowance  (24.41)
Total Trade Receivables  4,572.72 
 As at 31 March, 2024
9 Current Financial Assets - Cash and Cash Equivalents
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Cash & Cash Equivalents
Cash on hand  8.65  5.72 
Balances with Banks  483.00  1,166.09 
Total Cash & Cash Equivalents  491.65  1,171.82 
FS
151
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 144 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Fixed Deposits  7,107.49  9,449.34 
(Maturity for less than twelve months)
Total Other Balances with Banks  7,107.49  9,449.34 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Unsecured, Considered Good
Loan to Employees  6.16  3.04 
Advance to Related Parties  -    -   
Total Loans (current)  6.16  3.04 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Advance Tax and Tax Deducted at Source (Net of Provision)  219.06  408.00 
Total Current Tax Assets (Net)  219.06  408.00 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Authorized: 
6,00,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs. 10/- each  6,000.00  4,500.00 
Total  6,000.00  4,500.00 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Equity Share Capital  4,345.00  3,256.00 
Add: Equity Shares allotted to the year *  -    1,089.00 
Total   4,345.00  4,345.00 
10 Bank Balances Other than Cash & Cash Equivalents
11 Loans (current) (at amortised cost) 
12 Current Tax Assets  (Net)
13 Equity Share Capital
A. Authorized:
B Issued, Subscribed & Paid Up: 
 *The increase in equity share capital is on account of Initial Public Offer undertook on 6th Oct 2023, where No. of shares issued were 1,08,90,000 at Issue price 
of Rs. 140 each(Face Value Rs.10 and Securities Premium Rs. 130)
 Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
 Ordinary Equity Shares
 The Company has only one class of Shares referred to as Equity Shares having par value of ` 10. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. The company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board 
of Directors is subject to the approval of the Shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. In the event of liquidation of 
the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all 
preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
152
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 145 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Number   Amount   Number   Amount  
Shares outstanding at the beginning  
of the year 
 4,34,50,000  4,345.00  3,25,60,000  3,256.00 
Add: Fresh Issue of Shares  -    -    1,08,90,000  1,089.00 
Shares outstanding at the end of the year  4,34,50,000  4,345.00  4,34,50,000  4,345.00 
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Number   % of Holding  Number   % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,03,50,000 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  40,67,690 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  32,59,190 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  32,59,190 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Number   % of Holding  Number   % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,03,50,000 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  40,67,690 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  32,59,190 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  32,59,190 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Kanchan Shantilal Vora  16,14,690 3.72%  16,14,690 3.72%
- Rachi Santosh Vora  6,930.00 0.02%  6,930.00 0.02%
- Varsha Paresh Shah  2,310.00 0.01%  2,310.00 0.01%
- Sangita Manoj Jain  1,000.00 0.00%  1,000.00 0.00%
13 Equity Share Capital (Contd..)
C Reconciliation of Equity Shares Outstanding
 Reconciliation of number of ordinary equity shares outstanding
D. Details of Shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares
 Ordinary Equity Shares
E. Details of shares held by Promoter and Promoter Group
 Ordinary Equity Shares (No of share and % )
14 Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
a. Securities Premium  14,099.84  14,132.44 
b. Retained Earning  4,988.11  5,208.68 
c. Other Comprehensive Income  (1.94)  -   
Total, Other Equity  19,086.01  19,341.12 
Nature and Purpose of Reserves
Securities Premium
Security Premium Reserve is the additional amount charged on the face value of any share when the shares are issued, 
redeemed, and forfeited.
FS
153
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 146 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Opening Balance  14,132.44  1,633.90 
Addition:  (32.60)  12,499 
Deduction:  -    -   
Closing Balance  14,099.84  14,132.44 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Retained Earning  
Opening Balance (Profit & Loss Account)  5,208.68  5,159.18 
Add -   Net Profit for the year  (220.12)  31.96 
Less: Remeasurement (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  (0.46)  17.54 
Amount available for appropriation  4,988.11  5,208.68 
Closing Balance  4,988.11  5,208.68 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Opening Balance  -    -   
Add: Fair value changes of various Financial intruments  -    -   
Add: Remeasurement (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  0.46  -   
Less: Remeasurement (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  (2.40)  -   
Less : Transfer to retained earnings on disposal of FVOCI equity instruments  -    -   
Closing Balance  (1.94)  -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Secured- At Amortised Cost   4,494.87  1,526.28 
Unsecured
From Others
- Indian currency loan  5,940.02  5,940.02 
Total Borrowings (non-current)  10,434.89  7,466.30 
Retained Earning
Retained earning are the profits that the Company has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, any transfers from or to 
other comprehensive income, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders.
Securities Premium
14 Other Equity (Contd..)
Retained Earning  
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
15
15A Non-current borrowings
154
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 147 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
15 (Contd..)
15B Current
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Repayable on demand from Banks (secured)
- Cash Credit Facility  -    -   
- Working Capital Demand Loan  -    -   
- Secured- At Amortised Cost  1,685.57  138.75 
- Packing Credit in foreign currency  -   
Total Borrowings (current)  1,685.57  138.75 
(H In Lakhs.)
Loan Account No.  Secured Loan 
Taken  Interest Rate  Monthly 
Instalment 
 Repayment 
Start Date 
 Repayment 
End Date 
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-491  449.63 8.94 10.22 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-493  37.41 8.88 0.85 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-494  297.05 8.93 6.75 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-495  161.63 8.92 3.67 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-500  210.21 8.86 4.78 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-499  370.35 8.93 8.42 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-498  413.27 8.91 9.39 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-496  397.64 8.96 9.04 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-497  489.91 8.79 11.13 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-501  30.67 8.79 0.70 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-502  584.12 8.77 13.28 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-504  441.90 8.55 10.04 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-505  755.45 8.60 17.17 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-506  458.33 8.54 10.42 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-508  636.52 8.40 14.47 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-510  446.35 8.38 10.14 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
Outstanding Loan Amount till 31.03.2025  6,180.44 
 Footnotes:
 As at March 31, 2025, Rs. 4,494.87 Lakhs of the total outstanding borrowings were secured by a charge on property, plant and 
equipment, inventories, receivables and other current assets.
 The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
 There are no material differences between the quarterly statements of stock filed by the company with banks and the 
books of accounts.
 The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender in accordance with 
the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
 Rupee term loans as on 31 March 2025, amounting to Rs.4,494.87 lakhs were secured by a charge on immovable & movable 
properties including movable machinery, spares, tools & accessories, ranking pari passu inter-se. The term loan was originally 
payable across 48 equal monthly instalments starting from December 2024 till November 2028 as mentioned in the table below:
 Note - The above mentioned Term Loan table includes Rs.1,685.57 Lakhs of Current Borrowings of Secured Loan and Rs. 4,494.86 
Lakhs of Non Current Borrowings.
FS
155
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 148 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Long term maturities of lease obligations  25.13  42.69 
Total lease liabilities (non-current)  25.13  42.69 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Current maturities of finance lease obligations  23.10  23.10 
Total lease liabilities (current)  23.10  23.10 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Balance at the beginning  65.79  81.76 
Additions
Accretion of interest  5.54  7.14 
Payment of lease liabilities  (23.10)  (23.10)
Balance at the end  48.23  65.79 
Non-current  25.13  42.69 
Current  23.10  23.10 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Depreciation on right-of-use assets  19.06  19.06 
Interest expense on lease liabilities  5.54  7.14 
Expense relating to short-term leases  23.10  23.10 
Total amount recognised in statement of profit and loss  47.70  49.30 
16 Lease Liabilities
16A Lease Liabilities 
16B Current
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company has lease contracts for its office premises and godowns with lease term between 1 year to 5 years. The 
Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company is 
restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets.
  (a) The movement in lease liabilities during the year ended 31 March, 2025 is as follows:
  (b) The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:
  (c) Details of carrying amount of right-of-use assets and movement during the period is disclosed under Note 3.
   (ii) The maturity analysis of lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 37C (ii) ‘Liquidity Risk Management’.
   (iii) The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 10%, with maturity between 2022-2024.
   (iv) Expense relating to short-term leases are disclosed under the head rent in other expenses
156
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 149 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
17 Other non financial Liability 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Security Deposit (Aarti Industries Limited)  96.14  96.14 
Total lease liabilities (non - current)  96.14  96.14 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Provision For Employees Benefit 
(a) Provision for Gratuity  -    -   
(b) Provision for Leave Salary  12.84  8.00 
Total Provisions (non-current)  12.84  8.00 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Provision For Employees Benefits
(a) Provision for Gratuity  (5.81)  (6.53)
(b) Provision for Leave Salary  1.50  -   
(c) Provision for Bonus  24.28  18.09 
Total Provisions (current)  19.98  11.56 
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2024 
Charge / (Credit) 
to Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Charge /
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March,2025 
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per 
the books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 129.24  55.21  -    184.46 
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:  -    -    -   
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (55.69)  18.00  -    (37.69)
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  (7.58)  8.37  -    0.79 
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 (4.36)  4.36  -    -   
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (0.21)  (23.17)  -    (23.38)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year  -    -    -    -   
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  61.77  62.77  -    124.17 
18 Provisions
18A Non Current 
18B Current
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company presents provision for gratuity and leave salaries as current and non-current based on actuarial valuation 
considering estimates of availment of leave, separation of employees, etc.
 (ii) Detailed disclosure in respect of post-retirement defined benefit schemes is provided in Note 28.
19 Deferred Tax
FS
157
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 150 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
(i) Income tax recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
Current tax:
For current year  5.68  (98.16)
Deferred tax:
For current year  63.18  (10.76)
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  68.86  (108.91)
(ii) Income tax expense recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
Deferred tax:
Income tax (expense) /benefit on remeasurement of defined benefit plans  0.79  -   
Income tax (expense) /benefit on Fair Value Changes on various Financial 
Instruments
 -    (5.90)
Income tax benefit / (expense) recognised in OCI  0.79  (5.90)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Profit before tax  (151.26)  (76.95)
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168%  (36.44)  (18.94)
Tax effect on non-deductible expenses  160.95  67.72 
Effect of Income which is taxed at special rates  5.68  57.34 
Effect of concessions (depreciation under income tax act)  (74.95)  (89.69)
Others  (49.57)  (114.59)
Total  5.68  (98.16)
Tax expense as per Statement of Profit and Loss  5.68  (98.16)
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2023 
Charge / (Credit) 
to Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Charge /
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March,2025 
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per 
the books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 78.09  51.15  -    129.24 
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:  -    -    -   
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (49.54)  (6.14)  -    (55.69)
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  (2.66)  (4.92)  -    (7.58)
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 40.94  (45.30)  -    (4.36)
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (0.21)  -    -    (0.21)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year  -    -    -    -   
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  66.62  (5.22)  -    61.77 
19 Deferred Tax (Contd..)
The major components of Income Tax Expense for the year:
Reconciliation of tax expense and accounting profit for the year:
158
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 151 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
20 Trade payables
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Trade & Non-Trade Payables  -    116.26 
A) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises; and  378.58  25.07 
B) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small enterprises  3,693.02  2,451.36 
Total  4,071.59  2,592.69 
Trade payables ageing:
As at 31st March, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment 
 TOTAL  Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year   1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) MSME  -    281.73  96.65  0.19  -    -    378.58 
(ii) Others  -    2,056.84  1,627.03  9.14  -    -    3,693.02 
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
 -    2,338.57  1,723.69  9.34  -    -    4,071.59 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment 
 TOTAL  Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year   1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years 
(i) MSME  -    25.07  -    -    -    -    25.07 
(ii) Others  -    2,410.96  156.59  0.03  0.04  0.00  2,567.63 
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
 -    2,436.03  156.59  0.03  0.04  0.00  2,592.69 
As at 31st March, 2024
Disclosures under Section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (as amended)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
(i) (a) Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier  378.58  25.07 
(b) Interest on (i)(a) above
(ii) The amount of interest paid along with the principal payment made to the supplier
(iii) Amount of interest due and payable on delayed payments
(iv) Amount of further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier years
(v) Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises
- Principal  378.58  25.07 
- Interest
FS
159
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 152 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
21 Other Current Financial Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Creditors for Capital Goods  -   21.56
Salaries and Wages  30.83 29.43
Outstanding Expenses  104.43 70.89
Total  135.26 121.89
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Statutory Dues  25.85 12.05
Advance from Customers  0.21 7.65
Total  26.06 19.70
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at  
March 31, 2025
As at  
March 31, 2024
Revenue from Sale of Manufactured Products ( Net )  12,971.92  18,014.31 
Other revenue from operation  300.00  186.56 
Sale of Traded Products   66.28  4.85 
Total  13,338.20  18,205.72 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
(a) Revenue as per contract price  13,338.20  18,205.72 
(b) Less: Discount  -    -   
Revenue as per the Statement of Profit and Loss  13,338.20  18,205.72 
22 Other Current Liabilities
23 Revenue from operations
Footnotes : 
(a) Reconciliation of revenue as per contract price and as recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
 Disaggregate revenue information
(b) In case of Domestic Sales, payment terms range from 60 days to 100 days based on geography and customers. In case of Export 
Sales these are either against documents at sight, documents against acceptance or letters of credit - 60 days to 120 days. There is 
no significant financing component in any transaction with the customers.
(c) The Company does not provide performance warranty for products, therefore there is no liability towards performance warranty.
(d) The Company does not have any remaining performance obligation as contracts entered for sale of goods are for a shorter duration.
160
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 153 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
24 Other Income
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
(a) Interest Income
Interest on Security Deposit  8.02  -   
Interest on Income Tax Refund  11.76  -   
Investments in debt instruments measured at fair value  10.76  0.66 
Other financial assets carried at amortised cost  272.12  267.08 
 302.67  267.74 
(b) Other Non-operating Income
Foreign Exchange Gain/ (Loss)  (1.47)  28.86 
Gain on Financial Instrument  184.39  320.05 
Profit on sale of Fixed assets  0.48  -   
Miscellaneous Income  10.07  267.33 
 193.48  616.24 
(c) Other Gains and Losses
Net gains (Losses) on fair value changes through FVTPL  47.34  84.17 
 47.34  84.17 
Total  543.48  968.15 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
(a) Raw Materials Consumed 
Opening Stock (including goods-in-transit)  366.33  787.37 
Add: Purchases  10,943.11  16,443.02 
 11,309.44  17,230.39 
Less: Closing Stock (including goods-in-transit)  145.08  366.33 
 11,164.37  16,864.06 
(b) Packing Materials Consumed 
Opening Stock  12.93  2.43 
Add: Purchases  46.20  82.72 
 59.13  85.15 
Less: Closing Stock  5.75  12.93 
 53.38  72.22 
Total Cost of Materials Consumed  11,217.74  16,936.28 
25 Cost of Materials Consumed
26 PURCHASE OF STOCK IN TRADE 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Purchase of Trading Goods  56.14  2.78 
Total  56.14  2.78 
FS
161
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 154 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Opening Stock
- Finished Goods  319.62  302.80 
- Work-in-Progress  302.66  205.84 
 622.28  508.64 
Closing Stock
- Finished Goods  179.21  319.62 
- Work-in-Progress  56.98  302.66 
 236.18  622.28 
Total Change in Inventories  386.10  (113.63)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Salaries & Wages  396.39  383.95 
Contribution to Provident & Other Funds  24.45  22.98 
Staff Welfare Expenses  17.98  24.35 
Total  438.81  431.27 
27 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in- progress and stock-in -trade
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
A. Defined benefit plans
 (ii) Post-employment benefits (Gratuity)
  The company provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in 
continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination 
is the employees last drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number 
of years of service. The gratuity plan is a funded plan and the company makes contributions to recognized funds in India. 
The company maintains a target level of funding to be maintained over a period of time based on estimations of expected 
gratuity payments.
  Aforesaid post-employment benefit plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest 
rate risk, salary risk and longevity risk.
  (i) Investment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate determined 
by reference to government bond yields. If the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
  (ii) Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability. However, this will be partially offset 
by an increase in the value of plan’s debt investments.
  (iii) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
  (iv) Longevity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of 
the mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan 
participants will increase the plan’s liability.
   Details of defined benefit obligations and plan assets (Gratuity)
162
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 155 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
   The amounts recognised in the balance sheet and the movements in the net defined benefit obligation over the year 
are as follows :
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  96.92  86.43 
Interest income  7.00  6.48 
Remeasurement gain/(loss) excluding amount included within 
employee benefit expense
 0.50  (0.30)
Contributions by the Employer  8.13  14.18 
Benefits Paid  (4.27)  (11.17)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  108.27  95.62 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Change in defined benefit obligations:
Obligation at the beginning of the year  87.45  81.79 
Current Service Cost  9.62  5.24 
Interest Cost  6.31  6.13 
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss  3.69  4.61 
Benefits Paid  (4.27)  (11.17)
Obligation at the end of the year  102.80  86.61 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Present Value of Obligation  102.80  86.61 
Fair Value of Plan Assets  (108.27)  (95.62)
 (5.47)  (9.01)
Recognised as:
Provision for Gratuity (non-current)
Provision for Gratuity (current)  (5.47)  (9.01)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Employee benefits expenses:
Current service cost  9.62  5.24 
Net interest expense  (0.68)  (0.35)
 8.94 4.89
Other comprehensive income
Return on plan assets excluding amount included in employee benefits 
expense
 (0.50)  0.30 
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in demographic assumption  -   
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumption  2.59 
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in experience adjustments  1.10  4.61 
 3.19  4.91 
Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss  12.13  9.80 
   Amounts recognised in the balance sheet consist of:
   Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss consists of: 
FS
163
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 156 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Asset category
Insurance fund  108.27  95.62 
Total  108.27  95.62 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Financial Assumptions:
Discount Rate 6.81% 7.22%
Rate of escalation in Salary 5.50% 5.50%
Demographic Assumptions:
Rate of Employee Turnover 3.00% 3.00%
Mortality Rate Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
 2012-14 (Urban)
Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
1st following year  14.20  16.79 
2nd following year  7.94  2.77 
3rd following year  8.39  7.36 
4th following year  12.25  7.81 
5th following year  15.21  11.20 
Sum of year 6 To 10  30.26  30.28 
Sum of year 6 To 10  77.13  75.66 
   The major categories of plans assets are as follows:
   Key assumptions used in the measurement of retiring gratuity is as below:
   Maturity profile of projected benefit obligation (from fund) :
   Footnotes
   (i) The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions 
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
   (ii) The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit 
obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the 
assumptions may be correlated.
   (iii) Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected benefit obligation 
has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same 
method as applied in calculating the projected benefit obligation as recognised in the balance sheet.
   (iv) There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
   (v) The Company is expected to contribute Rs. 8.13 lakhs (PY Rs 14.18 lakhs ) to defined benefit plan obligations 
funds for the year ended March 31, 2025.
   (vi) Expected return on assets is determined by multiplying the opening fair value of the plan assets by the expected 
rate of return determined at the start of the annual reporting period, taking account of expected contributions & 
expected settlements during the reporting period.
   (vii) The Weighted Average Duration of the Plan works out to 8 years.
164
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 157 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
   (viii) Asset Liability matching strategy:
    The money contributed by the Company to the Gratuity fund to finance the liabilities of the plan has to be 
invested. The trustees of the plan have outsourced the investment management of the fund to an insurance 
Company. The insurance Company in turn manages these funds as per the mandate provided to them by the 
trustees and the asset allocation which is within the permissible limits prescribed in the insurance regulations. 
Due to the restrictions in the type of investments that can be held by the fund, it is not possible to explicitly follow 
an asset liability matching strategy. There is no compulsion on the part of the Company to fully prefund the 
liability of the Plan.
   (ix) Other long-term employee benefits
    Annual Leave and Sick Leave assumptions
    The liability towards compensated absences (annual leave and sick leave) for the year ended 31st March, 2025 
based on actuarial valuation carried out by using Projected Accrued Benefit Method resulted in liability of 
Rs.  14.33 lakhs.
B. Defined contribution plans
 Provident Fund
 The company has certain defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund for employees at the rate of 12% 
of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by the government. The 
obligation of the company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor any constructive obligation. 
The expense recognized during the period towards defined contribution plan are Rs 23.47 lakhs (PY Rs 16.56 lakhs).
29 FINANCE COSTS
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Interest Expense  11.82  0.63 
Interest on finance lease obligations  5.54  7.14 
Interest Others  0.18  -   
Total  17.53  7.78 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Depreciation  190.20  177.50 
Depreciation on ROU Assets  19.06  19.08 
Total  209.26  196.56 
Note: Finance costs incurred on various projects being qualifying assets is capitalised in accordance with Ind AS 23.
On adoption of Ind AS 116 Leases, the Company has recognised Right-of-use assets and created lease obligation representing present 
value of future minimum lease payments.
30 DEPRECIATION & AMORTISATION EXPENSES
FS
165
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 158 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Consumption of stores and spare parts  34.22  5.79 
Consumption of Power & Steam   585.54  820.91 
Freight Octroi & Cartage  122.50  122.65 
Repairs & Maintenance 
- Building  24.86  67.19 
- Plant & Machinery  14.40  155.52 
Insurance Charges  15.78  20.45 
Water & Drainage Charges  8.62  12.07 
Effluent Treatment Plant Charge   13.30  16.29 
Labour Charges  222.69  285.50 
Statutory Liability   0.05  0.16 
Safety & Security Charges  12.62  8.34 
Laboratory charges  14.82  12.12 
Legal and Professional Fees   49.82  43.59 
Weighing charges   0.63  1.22 
Vehicle Expenses  3.91  9.13 
Commission and Incentives on sales  54.49  66.62 
Auditor's Remuneration   4.81  1.50 
Provision for Bad and Doubtful Debts   84.76  -   
Sundry balance written off   (0.00)  (0.17)
Director Sitting Fees   1.30  3.62 
Donation  21.69  0.36 
Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  325.12  -   
- Corporate Social Responsibility  (refer note no. 33)  -    67.44 
Miscellaneous Expenses   91.42  69.50 
Total  1,707.35  1,789.78 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Payment to Auditors
- For Statutory Audit  1.75  3.64 
- For Other Services  3.06  -   
Total  4.81  3.64 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Net Profit available for Equity Shareholders  (220.12)  49.50 
No. of Equity Shares as per financial statement  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000 
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Basic Earnings Per Share* (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year) 
 4,34,50,000  3,80,05,000 
31 OTHER EXPENSES
Details of payments to Auditors
32 EARNING PER SHARE (EPS):
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity shares that would be issued on 
conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into Equity shares.
166
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 159 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Diluted Earnings Per Share** (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year) 
 4,34,50,000  3,80,05,000 
Basic Earnings Per Share (in Rs)  (0.51)  0.13 
Diluted Earnings Per Share (in Rs)  (0.51)  0.13 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Basic and Diluted  EPS (in Nos)
Existing (Nos)  4,34,50,000  3,25,60,000 
Fresh Issue  -    1,08,90,000 
Total Number of shares after conversion  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000 
Bonus Issue in Previous year  -    -   
Bonus Issue  in current year  -    -   
Total Number of shares after Bonus issue  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
(i) GST matters  -    -   
(ii) Income tax matters  -    -   
(iii) Labour laws related matters (ESIC)  -    -   
(iv) Others - Bank Guarantees  9.00 3.00
(v) Corporate Guarantee*  6,180.44  -   
Total  6,189.44  3.00 
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
(a) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of advances)
 -   39.43
(b) Letters of Credit and Bank guarantees issued by bankers towards procurement 
of goods and services and outstanding as at year end
 1,418.98  -   
Total  1,418.98  39.43 
32 EARNING PER SHARE (EPS): (Contd..)
Number of Shares for Computation of EPS
33 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for)
Contingent Liabilities
*Corporate Guarantee given by VLL on behalf on VASPL is Rs.100 crores out of which only Rs.61.80 crores has been availed as on Mar 25
(a) Commitments
FS
167
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 160 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
(A) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  -    68.31 
(B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -    -   
On purposes other than above  -    68.31 
Total  -    68.31 
(C) Amount spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -    -   
On purposes other than above 20  67.44 
Total 20  67.44 
(D) Details of ongoing project and other than ongoing project
(i) In case of Section 135(6) (ongoing project)
Opening Balance - With Company  -    -   
- In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -    -   
Amount required to be spent during the year  -    -   
Amount spent during the year - From Company’s bank A/c'  -    -   
- From Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -    -   
Closing Balance - With Company  -    -   
- In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -    -   
(ii) In case of Section 135(5) (other than ongoing project)
Opening Balance  (1.34)  (2.80)
Amount deposited in Specified Fund of Sch. VII within 6 months  -    -   
Amount required to be spent during the year  -   68.31
Amount spent during the year  20.00 67.44
Closing balance (Excess spent)  (21.34)  (1.34)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Segment Revenue - External Turnover
Within India  13,274.08  18,111.99 
Outside India  64.12  93.73 
Total  13,338.20  18,205.72 
Non-Current Assets*
Within India  20,778.94  9,614.22 
Outside India  -    -   
Total  20,778.94  9,614.22 
(b) Corporate Social Responsibility
33 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for) (Contd..)
34 Segment Information
The operating segments have been reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Board of Directors, who 
are the Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODM). The board responsible for allocating resources and assessing the performance of 
operating segments. Accordingly, the reportable segment is only one segment i.e. pharmacuticals.
(a) Revenue from Type of Product and Services
 There is only one operating segment of the Company which is based on nature of product. Hence the revenue from external 
customers shown under geographical information is representative of revenue based on product and services.
(b) Geographical Information
 * includes property plant and equipment, intangible assets, capital work-in-progress, other financial asset and other non-current assets.
168
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 161 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
35 Related Party Transactions
Disclosure on Related Party Transactions as required by Ind AS 24 - Related Party Disclosures is given below:
Holding
Name of holding Relation  
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP Holding 
Valiant Organics Limited Ultimate holding 
Name of holding Relation  
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company 
Name Designation
Mr Santosh Vora Managing Director
Mr Paresh Shah Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer
Mr  Jyotibhushan Singh Executive Director in VASPL
Ms Prajakta Patil (Resigned w.e.f June 15, 2025) Company Secretary 
Subsidiary
(a) Key Managerial Personnel:
(b) Other entities where significant influence exist:
 (i) Post-employment-benefit plan entity:
  The Trustee Valiant Laboratories Limited Employee Group Gratuity Fund
(c) Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel
 Mr. Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Kanchan Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora
 Mr. Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Sushila Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Varsha Paresh Shah
 Mr. Dhirenbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mr. Mehulbhai Shashikant Shah 
 Mrs. Meena Dhiren Shah 
 Mr. Devansh Paresh Shah
 Ms. Nirali Shah Sheth
 Mrs. Rashmi Singh
 Mr. Abhijeet Singh
 Mr. Avinash Kumar Singh
 Mr. Himanshu Singh
 Ms. Srishti Singh
FS
169
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 162 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(d) Other related parties
35 Related Party Transactions (Contd..) 
Name Designation
Mrs. Sonal Vira Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Velji Gogri Independent Director (Resigned w.e.f November 12, 2024)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta Non Executive Director
Mr. Mulesh Savla Non Executive Independent Director (Appointed w.e.f May 14, 2024)
Mr. Ashok Chheda Non Executive Independent Director (Appointed w.e.f November 12, 2024)
 Compensation of key management personnel of the Company:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Mar-25 Mar-24
(i) Short-term employee benefits  69.66  54.00 
(ii) Post-employment benefits#  -    -   
(iii) Director Sitting fees  1.25  3.43 
Total compensation paid to key management personnel  70.91  57.43 
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding with related parties (Companies / body corporates)
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Transaction 
value 
Outstanding 
amount 
Transaction 
value 
Outstanding 
amount 
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP Investment (Share Capital)  -    -    -    -   
Investment (Unsec Loan taken)  -    4,861.61  -    4,861.61 
Rent Received  -    -    -    -   
Aarti Industries Limited Sale of Goods  -    -    -    -   
Purchase of Goods  -    -    -    -   
Deposit  -    -    -    -   
Others - Reimbursement  -    -    -    -   
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited Rent Received  354.00  27.00  247.80  -   
Sale of Services  -    -    2.99  -   
Purchase of Goods  281.96  -    490.95  18.63 
Deposit  -    96.14  -    96.14 
Reimbursement - Electricity  643.39  45.76  570.07  -   
Valiant Organics limited Others - Reimbursement  -    -    -    -   
Purchase of Goods  5,017.15  0.74  11,610.75  2,218.52 
Purchase of Asset  23.00  18.87  -    -   
Sale of Goods  0.59  -    -    -   
Sale of Asset  -    -    25.49  -   
Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited
Investment (Share Capital)  8,408.47  16,505.80  8,096.33  8,097.33 
Sale of Asset  6.57  6.57  -    -   
Reimbursement - Salary  6.00  6.00  -    -   
Advance to Supplier  188.96  188.96  -    -   
Purchase of Goods  0.21  0.21  -    -   
Unsecured Loans Given  -    -    1,986.30  -   
Unsecured Loans Repayment  -    -    (5,219.60)  -   
170
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 163 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) / Close Family Member of Key 
Managerial Personnel: 
35 Related Party Transactions (Contd..) 
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Transaction 
value 
Outstanding 
amount 
Transaction 
value 
Outstanding 
amount 
Mr Santosh Vora Remuneration  12.00  1.00 12.00  -   
Commission to Director  -    -    -    -   
Unsecured Loan  -    360.03  -   360.03
Mr Shantilal Vora Commission to Director  -    -    -    -   
Sitting Fees  0.40  -   0.93  -   
Remuneration  -    -    -    -   
Unsecured Loan  -    358.94  -   358.94
Mr Paresh Shah Remuneration  15.00  1.25 15.00  -   
Commission to Director  -    -    -    -   
Unsecured Loan  -    359.43  -   359.43
Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora Remuneration  15.00  1.25  15.00  1.25 
Mr J B Singh Remuneration  14.00  1.17 12.00  -   
Mrs. Sonal Vira Sitting Fees  0.45  -    0.92  -   
Mr Velji Gogri Sitting Fees  0.20  -    0.96  -   
Mr Mulesh Savla Sitting Fees  0.33  -    -    -   
Mr Sandeep Gupta Sitting Fees  0.20  -    0.63  -   
Mr Ashok Chheda Sitting Fees  0.10  -   
Ms Saloni Mehta Salary  -    -    7.05 1.41
Ms Prajakta Patil Salary  13.66  2.06  -    -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Transaction 
value 
Outstanding 
amount 
Transaction 
value 
Outstanding 
amount 
The Trustee Valiant 
Laboratories Limited 
Employee Group Gratuity 
Fund 
Contribution to the Gratuity Funds  2.39  -    14.47  -   
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Entities Controlled/Significantly influenced by Directors/  
Close Family Members of Directors:
FS
171
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 164 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
36 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values
Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”
Category-wise classification for applicable financial assets:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Current/ 
Non- Current
 As at 31st March' 2025  As at 31st March' 2024 
 Carrying 
Amount 
 Fair Value  Carrying 
Amount 
 Fair Value 
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 
Financial assets measured at cost
Investment in Subsidiaries Non-Current  -    N.A  N.A  N.A  -    N.A  N.A  N.A 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost
Security Deposits Non-Current  357.16  N.A  N.A  N.A  343.95  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Trade Receivables Current  7,212.19  N.A  N.A  N.A  4,572.72  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Cash on hand Current  8.65  N.A  N.A  N.A  5.72  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Balance with Banks Current  483.00  N.A  N.A  N.A  1,166.09  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Other Fixed Deposits Current  7,107.49  N.A  N.A  N.A  9,449.34  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Loans to employees Current  6.16  N.A  N.A  N.A  3.04  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Other Receivables Current  -    N.A  N.A  N.A  -    N.A  N.A  N.A 
 15,174.66  -    -    -    15,540.86  -    -    -   
Financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
Investments in Mutual Fund Current  -    -    -    -    3,761.17  3,761.17  -    -   
 -    -    -    -    3,761.17  3,761.17  -    -   
Total Financial Assets  15,174.66  -    -    -    19,302.04  3,761.17  -    -   
Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
Unsecured Loans Non-Current  10,434.89  N.A  N.A  N.A  7,466.30  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Long-term maturities of lease obligations Non-Current  25.13  N.A  N.A  N.A  42.69  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Short term borrowings - Working capital loans from 
Banks
Current  -    N.A  N.A  N.A  -    N.A  N.A  N.A 
Trade Payables  -    -   
- Due to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Current  378.58  N.A  N.A  N.A  25.07  N.A  N.A  N.A 
- Due to Others Current  3,693.02  N.A  N.A  N.A  2,567.62  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Creditors for Capital Goods Current  -    N.A  N.A  N.A  21.56  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Current maturities of finance lease obligations Current  23.10  N.A  N.A  N.A  23.10  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Other Current Liabilities Current  26.06  N.A  N.A  N.A  19.70  N.A  N.A  N.A 
Total Financial Liabilities  14,580.78  -  -  -  10,166.05  -  -  - 
172
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 165 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 : Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity instruments and mutual 
funds that have quoted price. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV.
Level 2 : The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation techniques which 
maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required 
to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
Level 3 : If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is 
the case for unlisted equity securities etc. included in level 3.
This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are (a) 
recognised and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the financial 
statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the group has classified its 
financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standard. An explanation of each level followed is given in 
the table above.
37 Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s Risk Management 
framework. The Board has established the Risk Management Committee, which is responsible for developing and monitoring the 
Company’s Risk Management policies. The Committee reports regularly to the Board of Directors on its activities.
The Company’s financial assets comprise mainly of investments, cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables 
and other receivables and financial liabilities comprise mainly of borrowings, trade payables and other payables.
The Company’s activities expose it to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. The Company’s overall risk management focuses on the 
unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Company. The 
Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps to hedge foreign currency risk 
and interest rate risk exposure . Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.
A. Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market 
prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk, currency risk and other price risk. Financial instruments 
affected by market risk include borrowings, investments, trade payables, trade receivables
 (i) Interest rate risk
  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of the financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes 
in market interest rates.
 (ii) Foreign currency risk
  Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates. The Company transacts in several currencies and consequently the Company is exposed to foreign 
exchange risk through its sales outside India, and purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The 
company also has borrowings in foregin currency. The exchange rate between the Indian rupee and foreign currencies 
has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Consequently, the results of the 
Company’s operations are affected as the rupee appreciates / depreciates against these currencies. Foreign currency 
exchange rate exposure is partly balanced by purchase of raw materials and services in the respective currencies.
36 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values (Contd..)
FS
173
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 166 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
37 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
  As at the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of the material foreign currency denominated monetary assets 
and liabilities are as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
 Amount in 
foreign currency  
Amount in  
Rupees- INR"
 Amount in 
foreign currency  
Amount in  
Rupees- INR
Liabilities
United States Dollar (USD)  16.25  1,418.36  -    -   
 16.25  1,418.36  -    -   
Assets
Swiss Franc (CHF)  (0.03)  (2.43)  -    -   
Euro (EURO)  (0.09)  (8.74)  -    -   
United States Dollar (USD)  -    -    4.75  390.66 
 (0.12)  (11.17)  4.75  390.66 
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (total)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  (0.03)  (2.43)  -    -   
Euro (EURO)  (0.09)  (8.74)  -    -   
United States Dollar (USD)  16.25  1,418.36  (4.75)  (390.66)
Foreign exchange derivatives
USD (Hedged) - Currency swaps against 
foreign currency borrowings
 -    -    -    -   
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (unhedged)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  16.25  1,418.36  (4.75)  (390.66)
B. Credit risk
 Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to 
a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities, primarily for trade receivables and deposits 
with banks and other financial assets. The Company ensures that sales of products are made to customers with appropriate 
creditworthiness. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored by the management. An impairment analysis is 
performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major customers. Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited 
as the Company generally invest in deposits with banks.
 Refer footnotes (d) below note no. 8 for ageing of trade receivables and movement in credit loss allowance.
C. Liquidity Risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its financial obligations without incurring unacceptable losses. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per 
requirements. The Company has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital lines from various banks. Furthermore, the 
Company have access to undrawn lines of committed borrowing/facilities. The Company invests its surplus funds in bank fixed 
deposits and in mutual funds, which carry no or low market risk. The company consistently generates sufficient cash flows from 
operations or from cash and cash equivalents to meet its financial obligations including lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
 (i) Financing arrangements
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Secured borrowing facilities
- Amount used  -    -   
- Amount unused  1,700.00  5,700.00 
Total  1,700.00  5,700.00 
174
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 167 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
 (ii) Maturity profile of financial liabilities
37 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 
March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Less than  
1 year
Between  
1 to 5 years Over 5 years Less than  
1 year
Between  
1 to 5 years Over 5 years
As on 31st March, 2025
Borrowings  4,654.16  7,466.30  -    -    7,466.30  -   
Lease Liabilities  23.10  25.13  -    23.10  42.69  -   
Trade Payables  4,062.26  9.34  -    2,592.63  0.08  -   
Other Financial Liabilities  135.26  -    -    121.89  -    -   
 8,874.77  7,500.78  -    2,737.61  7,509.07  -   
D. Capital Management
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity shareholders. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximise the 
shareholder value, safeguard business continuity and support the growth of the Company. The Company manages its capital 
structure and makes suitable adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions.
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024
Borrowings - Current and Non-Current  10,434.89  7,466.30 
Long-term maturities of Lease obligations  25.13  42.69 
Current maturities of Lease obligations  23.10  23.10 
Less: cash and cash equivalent  (491.65)  (1,171.82)
Less: other balances with banks  (7,107.49)  (9,449.34)
Less: current investments  -    (3,761.17)
Net Debts  2,883.98  (6,850.23)
Total Equity  23,431.01  23,686.12 
% Net debt to equity ratio 12.31% -28.92%
38
(A) Value and percentage of Raw Materials and Stores and Spares consumed:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Raw Materials
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 66.13% 84.96%
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)  7,382.86  14,327.86 
Imported
Percenatge (%) 33.87% 15.04%
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)  3,781.51  2,536.20 
Total Raw Material Consumed  11,164.37  16,864.06 
Stores & Spares
Indigenous
Percenatge (%)  -    -   
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)  -    -   
Imported
Percenatge (%)  -    -   
Amount (Rs. in lakhs)  -    -   
FS
175
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 168 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Raw Material  3,801.23  2,544.73 
Capital Goods  -    -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
Travelling Expenses  -    -   
Bank Charges  -    -   
Commission Expense  -    -   
Others  -    -   
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2024
F.O.B Value of Export  64.12  93.73 
(B) C.I.F Value of Import
(C) Expenditure in Foreign Currency 
(D) Earnings in Foreign Currency 
38 (Contd..)
39 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
(a) The Company does not have any benami property held in its name. No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending 
against the Company for holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules 
made thereunder.
(b) The Company does not have any transactions or relationships with any companies struck off under Section 248 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 or Section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956.
(c) The Company has complied with the requirement with respect to number of layers as prescribed under section 2(87) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
(d) Utilisation of borrowed funds and share premium:
 (i) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
  - Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
 (ii) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
  - directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
(e) There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such 
as search or survey), that has not been recorded in the books of account.
(f) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the year.
176
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 169 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 
as at March 31, 2025
40 Ratio Analysis
Sr.  
No. Ratio As at  
31st March 2025
As at  
31st March 2024 % Change Reason for variance
1 Current ratio  3.23  7.76 -58.35% Significant decrease in current 
asset and current liabilities has 
increased
2 Debt Equity ratio  0.44  0.45 -0.35%
3 Debt Service Coverage ratio  0.00  0.03 -97.97% Significant decrease in the profit 
during the year
4 Return on Equity ratio -0.93% 0.19% -593.16% Significant decrease in the profit 
during the year
5 Inventory Turnover ratio  16.65  14.59 14.10%
6 Trade Receivable Turnover ratio  2.26  2.71 -16.51%
7 Trade Payable Turnover ratio  3.50  4.60 -23.86%
8 Net Capital Turnover ratio 80.97% 122.88% -34.11% Revenue from operation has 
reduced on account of reduction 
in Selling Price while working 
capital has increased
9 Net Profit ratio -1.65% 0.18% -1040.15% Significant decrease in the revenue 
as well as profit during the year
10 Return on Capital Employed -0.40% -0.29% 36.93% Significant decrease in the profit 
during the year
FS
177
Annual Report 2024-25
Financial Statements

===== PAGE 170 =====
Notice
of AGM

===== PAGE 171 =====
NOTICE OF THE 4TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
NOTICE is hereby given that the 4th (Fourth) Annual General 
Meeting of the Members of Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(the “Company/VLL”) will be held on Thursday, the 25th 
day of September, 2025, at 11:30 A.M (I.S.T.), through Video 
Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”), to 
transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
Item No. 1
To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2025 together with the Reports of the Auditor thereon.
Item No. 2
To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 
07633923), Managing Director, who retires by rotation and who 
being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
Item No. 3
Ratification of remuneration to the Cost Auditors for the 
Financial Year 2025-26:
To consider and, if thought fit to pass, with or without modification(s), 
the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the 
remuneration payable to M/s. Ketki D. Visariya & Co., Cost 
Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 000362), appointed by 
the Board of Directors of the Company on the recommendation 
of Audit Committee as Cost Auditors of the Company to conduct 
audit of the cost records and related books maintained by the 
Company in respect of Drugs and Pharmaceuticals business for 
the financial year 2025-26, amounting to H 45,000/- (Rupees Forty 
– Five Thousand only) per annum plus taxes, as applicable and 
reimbursement of out of pocket expenses as may be incurred by 
them during the course of the audit, be and is hereby ratified and 
approved by the members of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) or any Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorised to do all acts and deeds and take all such steps as may 
be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
Item No. 4
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) with Valiant 
Organics Limited:
To consider and, if thought fit to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 and such other applicable Regulations, if any, 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with Section 
2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and relevant 
rules made thereunder (including any statutory amendment(s), 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being 
in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ 
of the Company, and as per the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, 
the approval of the members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to the Company to enter into contract(s)/
arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual 
transaction or transactions taken together or series of transactions 
or otherwise) with Valiant Organics Limited, being the related 
party of the Company in relation to sale/purchase of any goods/
service materials and/ or rendering/availing of services or other 
resources and obligations for an aggregate amount not exceeding 
H 361 Crore (Rupees Three-Hundred and Sixty-One Crore Only) 
for the Financial Year 2026-2027 at arm’s length basis in the 
ordinary course of business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors & Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
including filing of forms with Registrar of Companies, Mumbai 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may in 
its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek further approval of the members, 
the members shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for the 
aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board 
or any person so authorized by the Board, in connection with 
any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the foregoing 
resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed 
in all respects.”
Item No. 5
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) with Aarti 
Pharmalabs Limited:
To consider and, if thought fit to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 and such other applicable Regulations, if any, 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with Section 
2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and relevant 
rules made thereunder (including any statutory amendment(s), 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being 
N
179
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 172 =====
in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ 
of the Company, and as per the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, 
the approval of the members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to the Company to enter into contract(s)/
arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual 
transaction or transactions taken together or series of transactions 
or otherwise) with Aarti Pharmalabs Limited, being the related 
party of the Company in relation to sale/purchase of any goods/
service materials and/ or rendering/availing of services or other 
resources and obligations for an aggregate amount not exceeding 
H 40 Crore (Rupees Forty Crore Only) for the Financial Year 2026-
2027 at arm’s length basis in the ordinary course of business 
of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors & Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
including filing of forms with Registrar of Companies, Mumbai 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may in 
its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek further approval of the members, 
the members shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for the 
aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board 
or any person so authorized by the Board, in connection with 
any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the foregoing 
resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed 
in all respects.”
Item No. 6
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited and Valiant 
Organics Limited:
To consider and, if thought fit to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 and such other applicable Regulations, if any, 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with Section 
2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and relevant 
rules made thereunder (including any statutory amendment(s), 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being 
in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ 
of the Company, and as per the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, the 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to enter 
into contract(s)/arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by 
way of an individual transaction or transactions taken together 
or series of transactions or otherwise) with Valiant Organics 
Limited, being the related party(s) of the Company in relation 
to sale/purchase of any goods/service materials and/ or 
rendering/availing of services or other resources and obligations 
for an aggregate amount not exceeding H 112 Crore (Rupees One 
Hundred and Twelve Crore Only) for the Financial Year 2026-
2027 at arm’s length basis in the ordinary course of business 
of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors & Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
including filing of forms with Registrar of Companies, Mumbai 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may in 
its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek further approval of the members, 
the members shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for the 
aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board 
or any person so authorized by the Board, in connection with 
any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the foregoing 
resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed 
in all respects.”
Item No. 7
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited and Aarti 
Pharmalabs Limited:
To consider and, if thought fit to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 and such other applicable Regulations, if any, 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with Section 
2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and relevant 
rules made thereunder (including any statutory amendment(s), 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being 
in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ 
of the Company, and as per the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, the 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to enter 
into contract(s)/arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by 
way of an individual transaction or transactions taken together 
or series of transactions or otherwise) with Aarti Pharmalabs 
Limited, being the related party(s) of the Company in relation 
to sale/purchase of any goods/service materials and/ or 
rendering/availing of services or other resources and obligations 
for an aggregate amount not exceeding H 112 Crore (Rupees One 
Hundred and Twelve Crore Only) for the Financial Year 2026-
2027 at arm’s length basis in the ordinary course of business 
of the Company.
180
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 173 =====
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors & Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
including filing of forms with Registrar of Companies, Mumbai 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may in 
its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek further approval of the members, 
the members shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for the 
aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board 
or any person so authorized by the Board, in connection with 
any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the foregoing 
resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed 
in all respects.”
Item No. 8
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited and Alchemie 
Speciality Chemicals Private Limited:
To consider and, if thought fit to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 and such other applicable Regulations, if any, 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read with Section 
2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and relevant 
rules made thereunder (including any statutory amendment(s), 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being 
in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ 
of the Company, and as per the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, the 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to enter 
into contract(s)/arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by 
way of an individual transaction or transactions taken together 
or series of transactions or otherwise) with Alchemie Speciality 
Chemicals Private Limited, being the related party(s) of the 
Company in relation to sale/purchase of any goods/service 
materials and/ or rendering/availing of services or other 
resources and obligations for an aggregate amount not exceeding 
H 29 Crore (Rupees Twenty-Nine Crore Only) for the Financial 
Year 2026-2027 at arm’s length basis in the ordinary course of 
business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors & Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
including filing of forms with Registrar of Companies, Mumbai 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as it may in 
its absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek further approval of the members, 
the members shall be deemed to have given their approval 
thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for the 
aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board 
or any person so authorized by the Board, in connection with 
any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the foregoing 
resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and confirmed 
in all respects.”
Item No. 9
Appointment of M/s Mehta & Mehta, Practicing Company 
Secretaries as Secretarial Auditors of the Company and to fix 
their remuneration:
To consider and, if thought fit to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 
and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, 
read with relevant rules made thereunder, and Regulation 24A 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, (including any statutory modification(s) 
or amendment(s) thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force), and based on the recommendation of the 
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, the approval of 
the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for the 
appointment of  M/s. Mehta & Mehta, Peer Reviewed Firm of 
Company Secretaries in Practice (ICSI Firm Registration No. 
P1996MH007500), as Secretarial Auditors of the Company for the 
first term of five consecutive years, commencing from Financial 
Year 2025-26 till Financial Year 2029-30 at a remuneration as 
mentioned in the explanatory statement to this resolution and on 
such terms and conditions as may be determined by the Board 
of Directors (including its committees thereof), and to avail any 
other services, certificates, or reports as may be permissible 
under applicable laws.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT The Board of Directors of the 
Company, (including its committees thereof), be and is hereby 
authorized to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may 
be deemed proper, necessary, or expedient, including filing the 
requisite forms or submission of documents with any authority 
or accepting any modifications to the clauses as required by such 
authorities, for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution and 
for matters connected therewith, or incidental thereto.”
Item No. 10
Change in Designation of Mr. Paresh Shah (DIN: 08291953) 
from Executive Director to Whole-Time Director and to fix his 
remuneration:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 196, 
197, 198 and 203 of the Companies Act, 2013, and all the rules 
made thereunder, read with Schedule V of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“Act”), and in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI 
N
181
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 174 =====
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, applicable clauses of the Articles of Association of the 
Company, and based on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee, the Audit Committee, and 
approval of the Board of Directors, the consent of the members 
of the Company be and is hereby accorded to change the 
designation of Mr. Paresh Shah (DIN: 08291953) from “Executive 
Director & Chief Financial Officer” to the “Whole-Time Director 
& Chief Financial Officer”, liable to retire by rotation for a 
period of five (5) years with effect from September 25, 2025 upto 
September 24, 2030, and to approve his remuneration for a period 
of three (3) years commencing from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 
2028, upon such terms and conditions of appointment including 
the payment of remuneration, perquisites and other benefits 
as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice 
convening this Annual General Meeting, with authority to the 
Board of Directors (including its Committee thereof) to revise the 
terms and conditions of the said appointment and remuneration 
from time to time to the extent the Board of Directors may deem 
appropriate provided that the remuneration payable (including 
the salary, perquisites, other benefits, etc.) does not exceed the 
limits laid down in Section 197, Schedule V and computed in 
the manner laid down in Section 198 of the Act, including any 
statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or 
inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the tenure of 
appointment, the remuneration shall be paid to Mr. Paresh Shah 
in accordance with the provisions and limits specified under 
Schedule V of the Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Paresh Shah shall not be 
entitled to any sitting fees for attending the meeting of the Board 
of Directors of the Company and/ or any of its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 11
Revision in remuneration of Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 07633923), 
Managing Director:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
197, 198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in 
accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and based 
on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Audit Committee and the approval of Board of 
Directors, the consent of the members of the Company be and 
is hereby accorded for revision in the remuneration structure 
of Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 07633923), Managing Director of the 
Company with effect from April 1, 2025, up to February 5, 2027, 
(being the remainder period of his current tenure as Managing 
Director of the Company) upon the terms and conditions of 
the payment of remuneration, perquisites and other benefits 
as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice 
convening this Annual General Meeting, with authority to the 
Board of Directors (including its Committee thereof) to revise 
the terms and conditions of the said remuneration from time to 
time to the extent the Board of Directors may deem appropriate 
provided that the remuneration payable (including the salary, 
perquisites, other benefits, etc.) does not exceed the limits laid 
down in Section 197, Schedule V and computed in the manner 
laid down in Section 198 of the Act, including any statutory 
modifications or re-enactment thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or 
inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the aforesaid 
period, the above remuneration shall be paid to Mr. Santosh 
Vora in accordance with the provisions and limits specified 
under Schedule V of the Act or any statutory modification(s) or 
re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Santosh Vora Shall not be 
entitled to any sitting fees for attending the meeting of the Board 
of Directors of the Company and/ or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 12
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mr. 
Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852), Non-Executive Director of the 
Company:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as 
a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and 
in accordance with Regulation 17(6)(ca) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for payment of remuneration by way of commission to 
Mr. Shantilal Vora, Non-Executive Director of the Company, for 
the period from April 01, 2025 upto March 31, 2026 at the rate 
of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013), the 
total commission payable to Mr. Shantilal Vora for the Financial 
Year 2025-26 being an amount exceeding fifty percent of the total 
annual remuneration payable to all the Non-Executive Directors 
of the Company for the Financial Year 2025-26.
182
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 175 =====
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mr. Shantilal 
Vora for attending the meetings of the Board and/or its 
Committees, and that the total remuneration payable to him shall 
remain within the overall limits prescribed under the Act.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by way 
of commission shall be paid to Mr. Shantilal Vora in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Date: August 08, 2025    By Order of the Board of Directors
Place: Mumbai  of Valiant Laboratories Limited
Registered Office:
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road 
Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080  Sd/-
CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904    Akshay Gangurde
Email: complianceofficer@valiantlabs.in    Company Secretary    
Website: www.valiantlabs.in  Membership No.: A70561  
N
183
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 176 =====
NOTES
1. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), in respect of the Special Business 
under Item Nos. 3 to 12 set out above is annexed hereto 
as ‘Annexure I’; and the relevant details of the Directors 
under Item No. 2 & 10 as required under Regulation 36 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended (‘Listing Regulations’) and 
Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (‘SS-2’) issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and notified 
by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Govt. of India in respect 
of the Directors seeking re-appointment / appointment 
at this 4th Annual General Meeting is annexed hereto 
as ‘Annexure IV’.
2. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’), vide its General 
Circular No. 14/2020 dated  April 8, 2020, General Circular 
No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, General Circular No. 
20/2020 dated May 5, 2020 read with all the subsequent 
circulars issued in this regard, the latest being General 
Circular No. 9/2024 dated September 19, 2024 (‘MCA 
Circulars’) and the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (‘SEBI’) vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated  October 3, 2024 
and other applicable circulars (‘SEBI Circulars’), have 
allowed the Companies to conduct the AGM through 
Video Conferencing (‘VC’) or through Other Audio Visual 
Means (‘OAVM’) upto September 30, 2025, which does not 
require physical presence of Members at a common venue. 
The deemed venue for the 4th AGM shall be the registered 
office of the Company at 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund 
Goregaon Link Road, Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080. 
Accordingly, the AGM of the Company is being held 
through VC/OAVM, and the transcript of the same shall 
be made available on the website of the Company. Hence, 
Members can attend and participate in the AGM through 
VC/OAVM only. National Securities Depositories Limited 
(‘NSDL’) will be providing facility for voting through 
remote e-voting, for participation in the AGM through VC/
OAVM facility and e-voting during the AGM. The detailed 
procedure for participating in the Meeting through VC/
OAVM forms part of these Notes sections. (Refer Serial No. 
16 to 20 of these Notes).
3. As the AGM shall be conducted through VC/OAVM, where 
physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with, 
there is no requirement of proxies and hence, the facility 
to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote on behalf of the 
Members is not available for this AGM and the Proxy Form 
and Attendance Slip including Route Map are not annexed 
to this Notice. However, Bodies Corporate are entitled to 
appoint authorised representatives to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM and participate thereat and cast their 
votes through e-Voting. Corporate Member(s) intending to 
authorise their representatives to participate and vote at 
the meeting are requested to send a certified copy of the 
Board resolution/ authorisation letter to the Scrutinizer by 
sending an e-mail to ronak@mehta-mehta.com ; jpc@mehta-
mehta.in with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.
4. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name appears as 
the first holder in the order of names as per the Register of 
Members of the Company will be entitled to vote.
5. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised 
to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any 
change in address or demise of any Member as soon as 
possible. Members are also advised not to leave their 
demat account(s) dormant for long. Periodic statement 
of holdings should be obtained from the concerned 
Depository Participant and holdings should be verified 
from time to time.
6. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, 
pertaining to their name, postal address, email address, 
telephone/mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number 
(‘PAN’), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank 
details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank 
account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc. by following 
the below instructions:
 a. For shares held in electronic form: to their Depository 
Participants (‘DPs’); and
 b. For shares held in physical form:  submit Form ISR-1 
and other forms as prescribed by SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 
dated 16th March, 2023 to the Company by sending 
an email to the Company’s RTA at rnt.helpdesk@
in.mpms.mufg.com, with a copy marked to investor@
valiantlabs.in.
7. Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 
25th January, 2022 has mandated the Listed Companies 
to issue securities in dematerialized form only while 
processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate securities 
certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense account; 
renewal/exchange of securities certificate; endorsement; 
sub-division/splitting of securities certificate; consolidation 
of securities certificates/folios; transmission and 
transposition. Accordingly, Members are requested to make 
service requests by submitting a duly filled and signed Form 
ISR – 4, the format of which is available on the Company’s 
website at https://valiantlabs.in/investors/#downloads  
and on the website of the Company’s RTA, M/s. MUFG 
Intime India Private Limited at https://web.in.mpms.
mufg.com/client-downloads.html.
 However, as per above SEBI circular, the Company/
Company’s RTA will issue Letter of Confirmation (‘LOC’) 
in lieu of share certificate, which should be dematerialised 
within 120 days from the date of issue of LOC. It may be 
noted that any service request can be processed only after 
the folio is KYC Compliant.
8. Members are requested to send all communications relating 
to shares to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the 
Company at the following address:
 M/s MUFG Intime India Private Limited
 C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai – 400083.
184
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 177 =====
9. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility 
for making nomination is available for the Members in 
respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not 
yet registered their nomination are requested to register the 
same by submitting Form No. SH-13. If a Member desires 
to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a 
fresh nomination, he/she may submit the same in Form 
ISR-3 or SH-14 as the case may be. The said forms can be 
downloaded from the Company’s website at https://
valiantlabs.in/investors/#downloads or from the website 
of the Company’s RTA, M/s. MUFG Intime India Private 
Limited at https://web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-
downloads.html. Members are requested to submit the said 
details to their DP in case the shares are held by them in 
dematerialized form and to RTA in case the shares are held 
in physical form.
10. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, Members who have not 
registered their e-mail addresses are requested to register 
their e-mail address for receiving all communication 
including Annual Report, Notices, Circulars, etc. from the 
Company electronically.
11. SEBI vide Circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/
CIR/2023/131 dated 31st July, 2023 (updated as on 4th 
August, 2023) has specified that a Member shall first take 
up his/her/their grievance with the listed entity by lodging 
a complaint directly with the concerned listed entity and 
if the grievance is not redressed satisfactorily, the Member 
may, in accordance with the SCORES guidelines, escalate 
the same through the SCORES Portal in accordance with the 
process laid out therein. Only after exhausting all available 
options for resolution of the grievance, if the member is not 
satisfied with the outcome, he/she/ they can initiate dispute 
resolution through the Online Dispute Resolution (“ODR”) 
Portal. Members are requested to take note of the same.
PROCEDURE FOR INSPECTION OF DOCUMENTS:
12. The Annual Report for the financial year 2024-2025, the 
Notice of the 4th AGM and all documents referred to in the 
Notice and the Explanatory Statement will be available for 
inspection on the ‘Investor’ segment on the website of the 
Company www.valiantlabs.in.
13. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 of 
the Act, Register of Contracts and Arrangements in which 
Directors are interested maintained under Section 189 of 
the Act, shall be made available at the commencement of 
the meeting and shall remain open and accessible to the 
Members during the continuance of the 4th AGM. During 
the AGM, Members may access the scanned copy of these 
documents, upon Logging into NSDL e-Voting system at 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com or by sending an email to 
the Company at investor@valiantlabs.in.
ELECTRONIC DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT AND 
PROCESS FOR REGISTRATION OF EMAIL ID FOR 
OBTAINING COPY OF ANNUAL REPORT:
14. Pursuant to the MCA and SEBI Circulars, Notice of the 
AGM along with the Annual Report for financial year 
2024- 25 is being sent only through electronic mode to 
those Members whose email addresses are registered with 
the Company/ Depositories. Additionally, in accordance 
with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, the 
Company is also sending a letter to Members whose e-mail 
ids are not registered with Company/RTA/Depository 
Participant providing the weblink of Company’s website 
from where the Annual Report for financial year 2024-25 
can be accessed.
15. Members may note that the Notice of the 4th AGM and 
the Annual Report 2024-25 are also available on the 
Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in, website of the 
Stock exchanges i.e. BSE Limited: www.bseindia.com  and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited: www.nseindia.
com. The AGM Notice is also disseminated on the website 
of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.
PROCEDURE FOR JOINING THE AGM THROUGH VC 
/ OAVM:
16. Members are requested to join the AGM through VC/
OAVM mode latest by 11:15 A.M. IST by clicking on the 
link https://www.evoting.nsdl.com under Members login 
tab using the remote e-voting credentials and following the 
procedures mentioned later in these Notes.
17. The facility of attending the AGM will be made available to 
1,000 Members on a first-come-first-served basis. This will 
not include large Members (Members holding 2% or more 
shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. 
who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on 
account of first come first served basis.
18. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through 
VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning 
the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.
19. Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote at 
the AGM through VC/OAVM.
20. Please note that participants connecting from Mobile 
devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/ Video loss due 
to fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
PROCEDURE TO RAISE QUESTIONS / SEEK 
CLARIFICATIONS WITH RESPECT TO ANNUAL 
REPORT:
21. Members who would like to express any views, or, during 
the AGM ask questions may do so in advance by sending in 
writing their views or questions, as may be, along with their 
name, DP ID and Client ID number/folio number, email ID, 
mobile number, to reach the Company’s email address at 
investor@valiantlabs.in latest by Thursday, September 18, 
2025 by 05:00 P.M. IST.
N
185
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 178 =====
22. Those members who have registered themselves as a 
speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask 
questions during the meeting.
23. When a pre-registered speaker is invited to speak at the 
meeting but he / she does not respond, the next speaker will 
be invited to speak. Accordingly, all speakers are requested 
to get connected to a device with a video/ camera along 
with good & stable internet speed.
24. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number 
of questions/speakers, as appropriate for smooth 
conduct of the AGM.
PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING 
DURING THE AGM:
25. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Act, Rule 20 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, 
as amended and Regulation 44 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 
the Company is pleased to provide the facility to Members 
to exercise their right to vote on the resolutions proposed 
to be passed at AGM by electronic means. For this purpose, 
the Company has made an arrangement with National 
Securities Depository Limited (‘NSDL’) for facilitating 
voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. 
The facility of casting votes by a member using remote 
e-Voting system as well as e-voting during the AGM will be 
provided by NSDL.
26. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members / list of Beneficial Owners as on Thursday, 
September 18, 2025, being the cut-off date, are entitled to 
vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. A person 
who is not a Member as on the cut-off date should treat this 
Notice of AGM for informational purpose only.
27. Members may cast their votes on electronic voting system 
from any place (remote e-voting). The remote e-voting 
period will commence at 9.00 a.m. IST on Monday, 
September 22, 2025 and will end at 5.00 p.m. IST on 
Wednesday, September 24, 2025. In addition, the facility 
for voting through electronic voting system shall also be 
made available during the AGM. Members holding shares 
in physical form are requested to access the remote e-voting 
facility provided by the Company through NSDL e-voting 
system at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/.
28. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same 
as the instructions mentioned below for remote e-voting.
29. Only those members/ shareholders, who will be present in 
the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted 
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and 
are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to 
vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.
30. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will 
be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM
31. The details of the person who may be contacted for any 
grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the 
day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for 
remote e-Voting.
PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING
32. The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting 
are explained herein below:
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system 
consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A)  Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting 
for Individual members holding securities in demat mode
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
members holding securities in demat mode are allowed 
to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Members are 
advised to update their mobile number and email ID in 
their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
 Login method for Individual members holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of members Login Method
Individual 
Members holding 
securities in 
demat mode with 
NSDL.
1.  For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.
jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate 
OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting.
2.  Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com either on 
a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon 
under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your existing 
User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under 
Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to 
see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-
directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
186
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 179 =====
Type of members Login Method
3.  If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://eservices.nsdl.
com.  Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4.  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.
evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting 
system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A 
new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & 
voting during the meeting. 
5.  Members/Shareholders can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the 
QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual 
Members holding 
securities in 
demat mode with 
CDSL
1.  Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and 
password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com  and click on 
login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password.
2.  After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible companies 
where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking the evoting 
option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, 
there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can 
visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3.  If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website www.
cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4.  Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number and PAN 
No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual 
Members (holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant 
registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
N
187
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 180 =====
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website.
 Helpdesk for Individual Members holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Members holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Members holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free 
no. 1800-21-09911
B)  Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for members other than Individual members holding securities in 
demat mode and members holding securities in physical mode.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 i. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
 ii. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
 iii. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen.
  Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/  with your 
existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
 iv. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or 
Physical Your User ID is:
a)   For Members who hold shares in demat account with 
NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user ID is IN300***12******.
b)   For Members who hold shares in demat account with 
CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then 
your user ID is 12**************
c)  For Members holding shares in Physical Form. EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with 
the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 
then user ID is 101456001***
 v. Password details for members other than Individual 
members are given below:
  a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then 
you can user your existing password to login and 
cast your vote.
  b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the 
first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. 
Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the 
system will force you to change your password.
  c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
   (i) If your email ID is registered in your demat 
account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your 
email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email 
and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. 
Open the .pdf file. The password to open 
the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for 
NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for 
CDSL account or folio number for shares 
held in physical form. The .pdf file contains 
your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.
188
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 181 =====
   (ii) If your email ID is not registered, please 
follow steps mentioned below in process 
for those members whose email ids are 
not registered.
 vi.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the 
“Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
  a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If 
you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.
evoting.nsdl.com.
  b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are 
holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
  c) If you are still unable to get the password by 
aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat 
account number/folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc.
  d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time 
Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL.
 vii. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms 
and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
 viii. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 ix. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of 
e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General 
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting 
on NSDL e-Voting system?
a) After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the 
companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and 
whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
b) Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting 
your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual 
meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed 
under “Join Meeting”.
c) Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
d) Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent 
or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which 
you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted.
e) Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” 
will be displayed.
f) You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print option on the confirmation page.
g) Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not 
be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for members
a) Institutional members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG 
Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter 
etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer 
by e-mail to ronak@mehta-mehta.com ;   jpc@mehta-mehta.
in  with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com . Institutional 
members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can 
also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney 
/ Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board 
Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" 
tab in their login.
b) It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will 
be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the 
correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical 
User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.
nsdl.com to reset the password.
c) In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (FAQs) for Members and e-voting user manual 
for Members available at the download section of www.
evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com
Process for those members whose email ids are not registered 
with the depositories for procuring user id and password and 
registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out 
in this notice:
a) In case shares are held in physical mode please provide 
Folio No., Name of the member, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned 
copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy 
of Aadhar Card) by email to investor@valiantlabs.in.
b) In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide 
DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account 
statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
investor@valiantlabs.in. If you are an Individual members 
holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to 
refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login 
method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for 
Individual members holding securities in demat mode.
c) Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to 
evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for 
e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
d) In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual members 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories 
and Depository Participants. Members are required to 
update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
N
189
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 182 =====
OTHERS
1. Members are requested to:
 a. intimate any change in their addresses/mandates 
and address all their queries relating to shares of the 
Company to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents 
i.e. M/s MUFG Intime India Private Limited, for 
shares held in physical form.
 b. quote Client ID and DP ID in respect of shares held 
in dematerialized form and ledger folio number 
in respect of shares held in physical form in all the 
correspondence.
 c. make nomination in respect of the shares held in 
physical form in the Company. The Nomination 
Form as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs can be obtained from the Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agents of the Company. Members holding 
shares in electronic form are requested to contact 
their Depository Participant directly for recording 
their nomination.
2.  Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to 
inform the RTA:
 a. the change in residential status on return to India for 
permanent settlement; and
 b. the particulars of the bank account(s) maintained in 
India with complete name, branch, account type, 
account number and address of the bank, if not 
furnished earlier.
3. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes a Member of the Company after dispatch of 
the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date, may 
obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in.
4. M/s. Mehta and Mehta, Company Secretaries has been 
appointed as the Scrutinizer by the Board of Directors of 
the Company to scrutinize the e-voting process in a fair 
and transparent manner. CS Ronak Kalathiya, Partner and 
failing him CS Monali Bhandari, Partner of M/s Mehta & 
Mehta, Company Secretaries will represent M/s. Mehta & 
Mehta, Company Secretaries.
5. Members are requested to note that SEBI vide its circular 
dated May 30, 2022, have framed standard (SOP) for 
resolving investor grievances through arbitration 
mechanism. Link of the SEBI circular is a follows:
  https://www.sebi.gov.in/legal/circulars/may-2022/
standard-operating-procedures-sop-for-dispute-
resolution-under-the-stock-exchange-arbitration-
mechanism-for-disputes-between-a-listed-company-
and-or-registrars-to-an-issue-and-share-transfer-
agents-_59345.html
190
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 183 =====
ANNEXURE ‘I’ TO THE NOTICE
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013
Item No. 3: Ratification of remuneration to the Cost 
Auditors for the Financial Year 2025-26.
Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
read with Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, the 
Company is required to have audit of its cost records and in 
this regard, appoint a Cost Auditor to audit the cost records for 
applicable products of the Company.
The Board at its meeting held on May 20, 2025, based on the 
recommendation of the Audit Committee, considered and 
approved the appointment of M/s. Ketki D. Visariya & Co. 
(Firm Registration Number: 000362) Cost Accountants, as the 
Cost Auditor for the Financial Year 2025-26 at a remuneration of  
H 45,000/- (Rupees Forty – Five Thousand only) per annum plus 
taxes, as applicable and reimbursement of out of pocket expenses 
as may be incurred by them during the course of the audit. Ms. 
Ketki D. Visariya has confirmed her eligibility for appointment 
as Cost Auditor.
As per Rule 14 of the aforementioned Rules, the remuneration 
payable to the Cost Auditors shall require subsequent ratification 
by the members.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company or their relatives are interested or concerned, 
financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth in 
Item No. 3 for approval of the members.
Item No. 4: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) with Valiant Organics Limited.
Pursuant to the Regulation 23 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), a transaction with a related party shall be 
considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered into 
individually or taken together with previous transactions during 
a financial year, exceeds H 1000 Crore (Rupees One Thousand 
Crore Only) or 10% (Ten Percent) of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity as per the last audited financial 
statements of the listed entity, whichever is lower. 
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a Resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a related party to the particular transaction or not. 
Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”) is considered a related party 
of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“VLL”) as defined under 
Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations. VLL is an Active 
Pharmaceutical Ingredient / Bulk Drug (“API”) manufacturing 
Company having focus on manufacturing of Paracetamol. 
VOL is in the business of manufacturing and distribution of 
Speciality Chemical Products to its customers which includes VLL.
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions 
of VLL with VOL during FY 2026-2027, which would be in 
the ordinary course of business and at arm’s length basis for 
which necessary approvals as required in compliance with the 
provisions under the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) / Listing 
Regulations. These approvals have been obtained from the Audit 
Committee at its meeting held on August 08, 2025.
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions with VOL for 
an aggregate value up to H 361 Crore (Rupees Three-Hundred 
and Sixty-One Crore Only) to be entered during FY 2026-27 (i.e. 
more than 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of VLL). The 
details of such transaction(s) are as follows:
Sr. 
No. Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value for the 
financial year 
2026-2027  
(J In Crore)
1 Sale of goods/ materials and/ or 
rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by VLL to VOL
50.00
2 Purchase of goods/ services or other 
resources and obligations by VLL from 
VOL
300.00
3 Leasing of property by VLL to VOL. 5.00
4 Commission expected to be received 
by VLL from VOL
1.00
5 Availing or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations by 
VLL from VOL
5.00
Accordingly, the said transaction(s) are considered as Material 
Related Party Transactions, thereby requiring approval of the 
members of the Company by way of an Ordinary Resolution.
Details of the proposed transactions with VOL, being a related 
party of the Company, including the Information pursuant to the 
SEBI circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CMD1/ CIR/ P/2021/662 
dated November 22, 2021, are given under Annexure-II which 
forms a part of this notice.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to 
be below the amounts approved by the members of the company.
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Material Related Party Transaction(s) and 
dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed before 
the Members for approval.
Except, Mrs. Sonal Vira and Mr. Santosh Vora (common directors 
in VLL and VOL), none of the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives is, in 
any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in 
the resolution.
N
191
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 184 =====
The relatives of Mr. Santosh S. Vora and Ms. Sonal Vira may be 
deemed to be interested in the said resolution, to the extent of 
their respective shareholding, if any, in the Company.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 4 for approval of the members.
Item No. 5: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) with Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
Pursuant to the Regulation 23 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), a transaction with a related party shall be 
considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered into 
individually or taken together with previous transactions during 
a financial year, exceeds H 1000 Crore (Rupees One Thousand 
Crore Only) or 10% (Ten Percent) of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity as per the last audited financial 
statements of the listed entity, whichever is lower. Further, all 
Material Related Party Transactions require prior approval of the 
members through a Resolution and no related party shall vote to 
approve such resolution whether an entity is a related party to 
the particular transaction or not.
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (“APL”) is considered a related 
party of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL) as defined under 
Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Valiant Laboratories Limited (“VLL”) is an Active Pharmaceutical 
Ingredient / Bulk Drug (“API”) manufacturing Company having 
focus on manufacturing of Paracetamol.
APL is engaged in the development of Active Pharmaceutical 
Ingredients (API) and New Chemical Entities (NCE), API 
intermediates, Regulatory Starting Materials (RSM), Basic Starting 
Materials, Key Building Blocks, and Xanthine Derivatives for use 
in clinical testing and commercial production.
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions 
of VLL with APL during FY 2026-2027, which would be in the 
ordinary course of business and at arm’s length basis for which 
necessary approvals as required in compliance of the provisions 
under the Companies Act, 2013/ Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 08, 2025.
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions with APL for 
an aggregate value of up to H 40 Crore (Rupees Forty Crore Only) 
to be entered during FY 2026-27 (i.e. more than 10% of the annual 
consolidated turnover of VLL).  The details of such transaction(s) 
are as follows:
Sr. 
No. Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value for the 
financial year 
2026-2027  
(J In Crore)
1 Sale of goods/ materials and/ or 
rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by VLL to APL
10.00
Sr. 
No. Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value for the 
financial year 
2026-2027  
(J In Crore)
2 Purchase of goods/ services or other 
resources and obligations by VLL from 
APL.
10.00
3 Availing or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations by 
VLL from APL
5.00
4 Other reimbursements expected to be 
received by VLL from APL
15.00
Accordingly, the said transaction(s) are considered as Material 
Related Party Transactions, thereby requiring approval of the 
members of the Company by way of an Ordinary Resolution.
Details of the proposed transactions with APL, being a related 
party of the Company, including the Information pursuant to the 
SEBI circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CMD1/ CIR/ P/2021/662 
dated November 22, 2021, are given under Annexure-II which 
forms a part of this notice.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to 
be below the amounts approved by the members of the company.
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Material Related Party Transaction(s) and 
dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed before 
the Members for approval.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company or their relatives are interested or concerned, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No.5 for approval of the members.
Item No. 6: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) between Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited and Valiant Organics Limited.
Pursuant to the Regulation 23 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), a transaction with a related party shall be 
considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered into 
individually or taken together with previous transactions during 
a financial year, exceeds H 1000 Crore (Rupees One Thousand 
Crore Only) or 10 % (Ten Percent) of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity as per the last audited financial 
statements of the listed entity, whichever is lower. Further, all 
Material Related Party Transactions require prior approval of the 
members through a Resolution and no related party shall vote to 
approve such resolution whether an entity is a related party to 
the particular transaction or not.
192
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 185 =====
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL). 
VASPL is a related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 
2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Valiant Organics Limited (VOL) is also a related party of VLL 
as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Further, the transaction as proposed to be entered into between 
the two companies will amount to a related party transaction, 
which shall have the same meaning as defined under Regulation 
2(1) (zc) of the Listing Regulations.
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23 (2) (b) of the Listing 
Regulations, prior approval of the Audit Committee of the listed 
entity is required to be sought, when the related party transaction 
to which the subsidiary of the listed entity is a party but the listed 
entity is not a party to such transactions, for an individual or 
series of transactions amounting to 10% or more of the annual 
consolidated turnover of the listed entity as per the last audited 
financial statements of the company.
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions of 
VASPL with VOL during FY 2026-2027, which would be in the 
ordinary course of business and at arm’s length basis for which 
necessary approvals as required in compliance of the provisions 
under the Companies Act, 2013/ Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 08, 2025.
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions between 
VASPL and VOL for an aggregate value of up to H 112 Crore 
(Rupees One Hundred and Twelve Crore Only) to be entered 
during FY 2026-27 (i.e. more than 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of VLL).  The details of such transactions are as follows:
Sr. 
No. Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value for the 
financial year 
2026-2027  
(J In Crore)
1 Sale of goods/ service materials and/ or 
rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL to VOL
50.00
2 Purchase of goods/ services materials 
and/ or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations by VASPL 
from VOL.
50.00
3 Availing or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations by 
VASPL from VOL
2.00
4 Other Reimbursements by VASPL 
from VOL
10.00
Accordingly, the said transactions are considered as Material 
Related Party Transactions, thereby requiring approval of the 
members of the Company by way of an Ordinary Resolution.
Details of the proposed transactions between VASPL and VOL 
being a related party of the Company, including the Information 
pursuant to the SEBI circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CMD1/ 
CIR/ P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are given under 
Annexure-III which forms a part of this notice.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to 
be below the amounts approved by the members of the company.
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Material Related Party Transaction(s) and 
dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed before 
the Members for approval.
Except Mr. Santosh S. Vora and Mrs. Sonal Vira (common 
directors in VASPL and VOL), none of the Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective 
relatives is, in any way concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise, in the resolution.
The relatives of Mr. Santosh S. Vora and Ms. Sonal Vira may be 
deemed to be interested in the said resolution, to the extent of 
their respective shareholding, if any, in the Company.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 6 for approval of the members.
Item No. 7: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) between Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited and Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
Pursuant to the Regulation 23 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), a transaction with a related party shall be 
considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered into 
individually or taken together with previous transactions during 
a financial year, exceeds H 1000 Crore (Rupees One Thousand 
Crore Only) or 10% (Ten Percent) of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity as per the last audited financial 
statements of the listed entity, whichever is lower. Further, all 
Material Related Party Transactions require prior approval of the 
members through a Resolution and no related party shall vote to 
approve such resolution whether an entity is a related party to 
the particular transaction or not.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL). Also, 
VASPL is a related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (APL) is also a related party of VLL 
as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Further, the transaction as proposed to be entered into between 
the two companies will amount to a related party transaction, 
which shall have the same meaning as defined under Regulation 
2(1) (zc) of the Listing Regulations.
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23 (2) (b) of the Listing 
Regulations, prior approval of the Audit Committee of the listed 
entity is required to be sought, when the related party transaction 
to which the subsidiary of the listed entity is a party but the listed 
entity is not a party to such transactions, for an individual or 
N
193
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 186 =====
series of transactions amounting to 10% or more of the annual 
consolidated turnover of the listed entity as per the last audited 
financial statements of the company.
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions of 
VASPL with APL during FY 2026-2027, which would be in the 
ordinary course of business and at arm’s length basis for which 
necessary approvals as required in compliance of the provisions 
under the Companies Act, 2013/ Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 08, 2025.
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions between 
VASPL and APL for an aggregate value of up to H 112 Crore 
(Rupees One Hundred and Twelve Crore Only) to be entered 
during FY 2026-27 (i.e. more than 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of VLL).  The details of such transactions are as follows:
Sr. 
No. Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value for the 
financial year 
2026-2027  
(J In Crore)
1 Sale of goods/ service materials and/ or  
rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL to APL
100.00
2 Purchase of goods/ services materials 
and/ or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations by VASPL 
from APL
10.00
3 Availing or rendering of services 
materials and/ or rendering of services 
or other resources and obligations by 
VASPL from APL 
1.00
4 Other Reimbursements by VASPL 
from APL
1.00
Accordingly, the said transactions are considered as Material 
Related Party Transactions, thereby requiring approval of the 
members of the Company by way of an Ordinary Resolution.
Details of the proposed transactions between VASPL and APL 
being a related party of the Company, including the Information 
pursuant to the SEBI circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CMD1/ 
CIR/ P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are given under 
Annexure-III which forms a part of this notice.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to 
be below the amounts approved by the members of the company.
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Material Related Party Transaction(s) and 
dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed before 
the Members for approval.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company or their relatives are interested or concerned, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 7 for approval of the members.
Item No. 8: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) between Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited and Alchemie Speciality Chemicals 
Private Limited.
Pursuant to the Regulation 23 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), a transaction with a related party shall be 
considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered into 
individually or taken together with previous transactions during 
a financial year, exceeds H 1000 Crore (Rupees One Thousand 
Crore Only) or 10% (Ten Percent) of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity as per the last audited financial 
statements of the listed entity, whichever is lower. Further, all 
Material Related Party Transactions require prior approval of the 
members through a Resolution and no related party shall vote to 
approve such resolution whether an entity is a related party to 
the particular transaction or not.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL). Also, 
VASPL is a related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Limited (ASCPL) is also a 
related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the 
Listing Regulations.
ASCPL is a manufacturer and dealer, which possess a diverse 
portfolio of fine chemicals, industrial and pure chemicals, dyes 
and pigments intermediates, and allied products.
Further, the transaction as proposed to be entered into between 
the two companies will amount to a related party transaction, 
which shall have the same meaning as defined under Regulation 
2(1) (zc) of the Listing Regulations.
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 23 (2) (b) of the Listing 
Regulations, prior approval of the Audit Committee of the listed 
entity is required to be sought, when the related party transaction 
to which the subsidiary of the listed entity is a party but the listed 
entity is not a party to such transactions, for an individual or 
series of transactions amounting to 10% or more of the annual 
consolidated turnover of the listed entity as per the last audited 
financial statements of the company.
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions of 
VASPL with ASCPL during FY 2026-2027, which would be in the 
ordinary course of business and at arm’s length basis for which 
necessary approvals as required in compliance of the provisions 
under the Companies Act, 2013/ Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 08, 2025.
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions between 
VASPL and ASCPL for an aggregate value of up to H 29 Crore 
(Rupees Twenty-Nine Crore Only) to be entered during FY 2026-
27 (i.e. more than 10% of the annual consolidated turnover of 
VLL).  The details of such transactions are as follows:
194
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 187 =====
Sr. 
No. Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value for the 
financial year 
2026-2027  
(J In Crore)
1 Sale of goods/ service materials and/ or 
rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL to ASCPL
25.00
2 Purchase of goods/ services materials 
and/ or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations by VASPL 
from ASCPL
2.00
3 Availing or rendering of services 
materials and/ or rendering of services 
or other resources and obligations by 
VASPL from ASCPL
1.00
4 Other Reimbursements by VASPL 
from ASCPL
1.00
Accordingly, the said transactions are considered as Material 
Related Party Transactions, thereby requiring approval of the 
members of the Company by way of an Ordinary Resolution.
Details of the proposed transactions between VASPL and 
ASCPL, being a related party of the Company, including the 
Information pursuant to the SEBI circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ 
CMD1/ CIR/ P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021, are given 
under Annexure-III which forms a part of this notice.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to 
be below the amounts approved by the members of the company.
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Material Related Party Transaction(s) and 
dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed before 
the Members for approval.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company or their relatives are interested or concerned, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 8 for approval of the members.
Item No.9: Appointment of M/s Mehta & Mehta, 
Practicing Company Secretaries as Secretarial Auditors 
of the Company and to fix their remuneration:
As per Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
read with the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, every listed company is 
required to annex with its Board’s Report, a secretarial audit 
report issued by a Practicing Company Secretary.
Further, Regulation 24A of the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“the Listing Regulations”), requires every 
listed entity to undertake secretarial audit by a secretarial 
auditor who shall be a peer reviewed company secretary and 
shall annex a secretarial audit report with the annual report of 
the listed entity.
Under the Listing Regulations, every listed entity shall based 
on the recommendation of the Board of Directors appoint / 
re-appoint an individual as a secretarial auditor for not more 
than one term of five consecutive years or a secretarial audit 
firm as secretarial auditor for not more than two terms of five 
consecutive years subject to approval of the Members at the 
Annual General Meeting. Further, the secretarial auditor should 
not have incurred any of the disqualifications as specified by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”).
Accordingly, the Board at its meeting held on August 08, 2025, 
based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, after 
evaluating and considering various factors such as fulfilment 
of eligibility criteria, capability, knowledge, expertise, industry 
experience, audit methodology, time and efforts required 
to be put in and reputation of the Firm, has approved the 
appointment of M/s. Mehta & Mehta, Peer Reviewed Firm of 
Company Secretaries in Practice (ICSI Firm Registration No. 
P1996MH007500) as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company 
for first term of 5 (five) consecutive years commencing from the 
Financial Year 2025-26 till the Financial Year 2029-30, subject to 
approval of the Members at this Annual General Meeting.
Mehta & Mehta is over 25-year-old firm striving for quality and 
excellence in legal and secretarial consultancy which covers 
varied areas of the corporate field and diverse avenues of 
corporate laws & other related areas. The firm started out as a 
practicing company secretaries’ firm, and today offers a bouquet 
of services includes Management, Mentoring, Strategizing, 
Finance, Legal, Compliance, HR, Secretarial, Marketing, 
Operations, Sustainability and so on.
M/s. Mehta & Mehta have provided their consent to act as the 
Secretarial Auditors of the Company and have confirmed that 
the proposed appointment, if made, will be in compliance with 
the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations. They have 
confirmed that they are not disqualified and are eligible to be 
appointed as Secretarial Auditors in terms of Regulation 24A of 
the Listing Regulations.
The proposed remuneration payable to the Secretarial Auditors 
to conduct the Secretarial Audit for the Financial Year 2025-26 
shall be H 2,35,000/- alongwith reimbursement of out of pocket 
expenses and applicable service tax, if any. The remuneration 
proposed to be paid to the Secretarial Auditors for the Financial 
Year 2026-27 till the Financial Year 2029-30 will be determined by 
the Board of Directors of the Company, basis the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee and in consultation with the Secretarial 
Auditors, which will be commensurate with the scope of work 
and other requirements as mutually agreed.
The Company may also obtain the Annual Secretarial Compliance 
Report and such other certifications as may be mandatory or 
permitted to be sought from Secretarial Auditors under the 
applicable laws and engage with them on the other services 
which are not prohibited by SEBI or any other authority for 
which they will be remunerated separately on mutually agreed 
N
195
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 188 =====
terms as approved by the Board of Directors in consultation with 
the Audit Committee.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company or their relatives are interested or concerned, 
financially or otherwise, in the resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out in 
Item No. 9 of this Notice for approval of the Members.
Item No.10: Change in Designation of Mr. Paresh 
Shah (DIN: 08291953) from Executive Director to 
Whole-Time Director and to fix his remuneration:
Mr. Paresh Shah is appointed as an Executive Director of the 
Company since the incorporation of the Company viz. August 
16, 2021. Later, with effect from February 06, 2022, he was also 
appointed as a Chief Financial Officer of our Company.
Mr. Paresh Shah, being a part of Promoter Group, is actively 
involved in the day-to-day operations and financial affairs of 
the Company. His decision-making acumen has consistently 
demonstrated strategic foresight and leadership capabilities, 
establishing him as a vital part of the Company’s core 
leadership team.
Mr. Paresh Shah is a Chemical Engineer who holds a bachelor’s 
degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Bombay. 
He has also been awarded a Master of Science in Chemical 
Engineering from Washington State University in 1983. He has 
35+ years of experience in the chemical industry. He oversees 
the factory operations and legal matters of the Company and 
is responsible for financial activities, including budgeting and 
forecasting, working capital management, and project financing.
Considering the above factors and role, experience, leadership 
and contribution of Mr. Paresh Shah, and further considering 
the provisions of Section 196 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the 
‘Act’), the Board in its meeting dated August 08, 2025, on the 
recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Nomination 
& Remuneration Committee, accorded to change his designation 
nomenclature from “Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer” 
to “Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial Officer” & appoint 
him for a period of (5) years with effect from September 25, 2025 
to September 24, 2030, who shall be liable to retire by rotation.
The details of Mr. Paresh Shah in pursuance of Regulation 
36 of the Listing Regulations and Information pursuant to the 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) are given in 
Annexure IV to the Notice.
Further, the members of the Company at the 1st Annual General 
Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company held on September 27, 
2022, had, by way of an Ordinary Resolution, approved the 
remuneration of H 15 Lakhs per annum, payable to Mr. Paresh 
Shah with effect from April 01, 2022.
The Board and the Committees (Audit Committee and 
Nomination & Remuneration Committee) on August 08, 2025, 
considered to revise his remuneration structure in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 197, 198 read with Schedule V of 
the Act, and it was decided to fix his remuneration as “Whole-
Time Director & Chief Financial Officer” for a period of three (3) 
years commencing from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2028, as per 
the following terms and conditions:
A. Period of appointment as a Whole-time Director:
	 September 25, 2025 to September 24, 2030;
B. Remuneration:
 i. Period: from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2028;
 ii.  Fixed Salary: H15 Lakhs (Rupees Fifteen Lakhs 
Only) per annum.
 iii.  Commission: 0.5% of the annual consolidated net 
profits of the Company (calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013);
 iv.  Perquisites & Other Benefits: As per the policy of 
the Company (e.g. medical, leave travel, vehicle, 
insurance, provident fund, gratuity, etc.); and
 v.  Employee Stock Options: not exceeding the limits 
specified in Valiant Laboratories – Employee Stock 
Option Plan – 2023 or any other plan or Scheme as 
may be approved by the Board from time to time.
Minimum Remuneration as per Schedule V:
During FY 2024-25, the Company incurred a standalone loss of  
H 215.02 lakhs, primarily due to margin erosion in the Paracetamol 
API segment. This was further exacerbated by industry-wide 
volatility in raw material prices, demand fluctuations in the 
pharma and chemical sectors, and higher input costs.
Considering the contribution of Mr. Paresh Shah in the 
Company over the years, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Audit Committee has recommended and the 
Board of Directors has approved to pay Mr. Paresh Shah the 
remuneration as mentioned above for a period from April 01, 
2025 to March 31, 2028.
Further, in any financial year during the period of his 
remuneration, if the Company has no profits or its profits are 
inadequate, the Company shall pay to Mr. Paresh Shah, the 
above remuneration as minimum remuneration under Section 
II of Part II of Schedule V of the Act by way of Fixed Salary, 
Commission, Perquisites & Other Benefits and Employee Stock 
Options as specified above.
The information as required under Schedule V to the Act is given 
in Annexure V to the Notice.
The remuneration as previously approved by the Members of the 
Company and payable to Mr. Paresh Shah is justified in terms of 
his key role within the Company.
The above may be treated as a written memorandum setting 
out the terms of appointment of Mr. Paresh Shah under Section 
190 of the Act.
Mr. Paresh Shah satisfies all the conditions set out in Part I of 
Schedule V to the Act as also conditions set out under Section 
196(3) of the Act for being eligible for his appointment. Mr. Paresh 
Shah is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in 
terms of Section 164 of the Act and has given consent for the 
196
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 189 =====
same. Mr. Paresh Shah is not debarred from holding the office 
of Director pursuant to any Order issued by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or any other authority and has 
given all the necessary declarations and confirmation including 
his consent to be appointed as a Whole-time Director designated 
as “Whole-time Director & Chief Financial Officer.”
The Company has received a notice from a Member under Section 
160 of the Act proposing the appointment of Mr. Paresh Shah as 
a Whole-time Director. The Board is of the view that Mr. Paresh 
Shah’s knowledge and experience will be of immense benefit 
and value to the Company and considering the recommendation 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, recommends 
his appointment to the Members. The Articles of Association 
of the Company are available for inspection by the Members 
in electronic form as per the instructions provided in the Notes 
to this Notice.
Except Mr. Paresh Shah, none of the other Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company including their relatives, 
except to the extent of their respective shareholdings in the 
Company, in any way, financially or otherwise, is interested or 
concerned in this resolution.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No. 10 of the Notice for approval by the members of the Company.
Item No. 11: Revision in remuneration of Mr. Santosh 
Vora (DIN: 07633923), Managing Director:
The members of the Company at the 1st Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”) held on September 27, 2022, had, by way of an Ordinary 
Resolution, approved the remuneration of H 12 Lakhs per annum, 
payable to Mr. Santosh Vora with effect from April 01, 2022.
Mr. Santosh Vora, being a Managing Director and Promoter, 
is actively involved in the day-to-day affairs of the Company. 
He looks after overall management of the company and plays 
a key role in the various growth initiatives of the company. 
He specializes in development of new products and getting 
new chemistries in the company. He also looks after process 
optimization. In addition to the technical acumen, he possesses 
a key understanding of financial and commercial aspects of 
pharma and chemical industry. He holds a Bachelor’s degree 
in Commerce with specialization in Financial Markets from 
University of Mumbai and has also completed the Post Graduate 
Programme in Management for Family Business from The Indian 
School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad. He has an experience of 
over 8+ years in Chemical & Pharmaceutical industry.
Considering the above factors and role, experience, leadership and 
contribution of Mr. Santosh Vora, the Board and the Committees 
(Audit Committee and Nomination & Remuneration Committee) 
on August 08, 2025, considered to revise his remuneration 
structure in accordance with the provisions of Section 197, 198 
read with Schedule V of the Act, and it was decided to revise his 
remuneration as “Managing Director” with effect from April 1, 
2025, up to February 5, 2027, (being the remainder period of his 
current tenure as Managing Director of the Company) as per the 
following terms and conditions:
A. Remuneration:
 i.  Period: from April 1, 2025, up to February 5, 2027 
(being the remainder period of his current tenure as 
Managing Director of the Company).
 ii.  Fixed Salary: H 27 Lakhs (Rupees Twenty-Seven Lakhs 
Only) per annum;
 iii.  Commission: 0.5% of the annual consolidated net 
profits of the Company (calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013);
 iv.  Perquisites & Other Benefits: As per the policy of 
the Company (e.g. medical, leave travel, vehicle, 
insurance, provident fund, gratuity, etc.); and
 v.  Employee Stock Options: not exceeding the limits 
specified in Valiant Laboratories – Employee Stock 
Option Plan – 2023 or any other plan or Scheme as 
may be approved by the Board from time to time.
Minimum Remuneration as per Schedule V:
During FY 2024-25, the Company incurred a standalone loss of  
H 215.02 lakhs, primarily due to margin erosion in the Paracetamol 
API segment. This was further exacerbated by industry-wide 
volatility in raw material prices, demand fluctuations in the 
pharma and chemical sectors, and higher input costs.
Considering the contribution of Mr. Santosh Vora in the 
Company over the years, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Audit Committee has recommended and the 
Board of Directors of the Company has approved to revise the 
remuneration of Mr. Santosh Vora as mentioned above for a 
period from April 1, 2025, up to February 5, 2027.
Further, in any financial year during the period of his 
remuneration, if the Company has no profits or its profits are 
inadequate, the Company shall pay to Mr. Santosh Vora, the 
above remuneration as minimum remuneration under Section 
II of Part II of Schedule V of the Act by way of Fixed Salary, 
Commission, Perquisites & Other Benefits and Employee Stock 
Options as specified above.
The information as required under Schedule V to the Act is given 
in Annexure V to the Notice.
The remuneration as previously approved by the Members of the 
Company and payable to Mr. Santosh Vora is justified in terms of 
his key role within the Company.
The above may be treated as a written memorandum setting out 
the terms of appointment of Mr. Santosh Vora under Section 
190 of the Act.
Except for the revision in remuneration as stated above, all other 
terms and conditions of his appointment as approved by the 
members shall remain unchanged.
Except Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Shantilal Vora, none of the 
other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
including their relatives, except to the extent of their respective 
shareholdings in the Company, in any way, financially or 
otherwise, is interested or concerned in this resolution.
N
197
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 190 =====
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No. 11 of the Notice for approval by the members of the Company.
Item No. 12: Payment of remuneration by way of 
commission to Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852), 
Non-Executive Director of the Company:
Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852) transitioned from the role of 
Executive Director to Non-Executive Director of the Company 
on February 6, 2022. In his capacity as a Non-Executive Director, 
he continues to provide strategic guidance and mentorship to 
the leadership team. With over 45 years of experience in the 
chemical and pharmaceutical industry, Mr. Shantilal Vora has 
played a pivotal role in expanding the Company’s market reach 
and customer base. His expertise lies in sales and marketing 
of bulk drugs, and he brings valuable insights into managing 
commercial functions, including procurement, domestic sales, 
and exports. Mr. Shantilal Vora continues to guide the Company 
and mentor the leadership team.
Considering the contribution of Mr. Shantilal Vora in the 
Company over the years, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, the Audit Committee has recommended and the 
Board of Directors of the Company at their respective meetings 
held on May 20, 2025, approved payment of remuneration to Mr. 
Shantilal Vora by way of commission for the period from April 
01, 2025 upto March 31, 2026 at the rate of 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of the Company (calculated as per 
Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013).
Further, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 17(6)(ca) 
of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), the total commission payable to Mr. Shantilal 
Vora for the Financial Year 2025-26 exceeds fifty percent of the 
total annual remuneration payable to all the Non-Executive 
Directors of the Company for the Financial Year 2025-26. 
Accordingly, approval of Members is being sought for payment 
of the aforementioned commission to Mr. Shantilal Vora for the 
Financial Year 2025-26.
The said commission shall be paid in addition to the sitting fees 
for attending the meetings of the Board and its Committees.
Minimum Remuneration as per Schedule V:
If the Company’s profits are inadequate during the Financial 
Year 2025-26, the Company shall pay the above commission to 
Mr. Shantilal Vora, as minimum remuneration under Section II 
of Part II of Schedule V of the Act.
The information as required under Schedule V to the Act is given 
in Annexure V to the Notice.
Except Mr. Shantilal Vora and Mr. Santosh Vora, none of the 
other Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
including their relatives, except to the extent of their respective 
shareholdings in the Company, in any way, financially or 
otherwise, is interested or concerned in this resolution.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No. 12 of the Notice for approval by the members of the Company.
Date: August 08, 2025    By Order of the Board of Directors
Place: Mumbai  of Valiant Laboratories Limited
Registered Office:
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road 
Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080  Sd/-
CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904    Akshay Gangurde
Email: complianceofficer@valiantlabs.in    Company Secretary    
Website: www.valiantlabs.in  Membership No.: A70561  
198
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 191 =====
ANNEXURE ‘II’ TO THE NOTICE
Details of the proposed transactions with Valiant Organics Limited and Aarti Pharmalabs Limited, being a related party of 
the Company, including the Information pursuant to the SEBI circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CMD1/ CIR/ P/2021/662 dated 
November 22, 2021
Sr. 
No. Particulars Valiant Organics Limited (VOL) Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (APL)
1 Name of the related party 
and its relationship with 
the listed entity or its 
subsidiary, including 
nature of its concern 
or interest (financial or 
otherwise);
VOL is categorized under Promoter Group of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL).
Concern/Nature of Interest: Financial
APL is a related party of VLL pursuant to Indian 
Accounting Standard 24.
Concern/Nature of Interest: Financial
2. Name of the director or 
key managerial personnel 
who is related, if any, and 
nature of relationship
Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director of VLL is 
Non-Executive Director of VOL.
Mrs. Sonal Vira, Independent Director of VLL is 
also an Independent Director of VOL.
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP is the Promoter of 
VLL.
The Designated Partners of Dhanvallabh 
Ventures LLP are the promoters of APL.
3. Nature, material terms, 
monetary value and 
particulars of the contract 
or arrangement
The related party transactions as mentioned 
below shall be on a continuous basis. Monetary 
value of proposed aggregate transactions during 
the financial year 2026-27 is expected to be H 361 
Crore (Rupees Three-Hundred and Sixty-One 
Crore Only).
The related party transactions as mentioned 
below shall be on a continuous basis. Monetary 
value of proposed aggregate transactions 
during the financial year 2026-27 is expected to 
be H 40 Crore (Rupees Forty Crore Only).
Sr. 
No Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value 
for the 
financial 
year 2026-
2027 (H In 
Crore)
Sr. 
No. Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value 
for the 
financial 
year 2026-
2027 (H In 
Crore)
1. Sale of goods/ materials 
and/ or rendering of 
services or other resources 
and obligations by VLL to 
VOL
50.00 1. Sale of goods/ materials 
and/ or rendering of 
services or other resources 
and obligations by VLL to 
APL
10.00
2. Purchase of goods/ services 
or other resources and 
obligations by VLL from 
VOL
300.00 2. Purchase of goods/ 
services or other resources 
and obligations by VLL 
from APL.
10.00
3. Leasing of property by VLL 
to VOL.
5.00 3. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources 
and obligations by VLL 
from APL
5.00
4. Commission expected to be 
received by VLL
from VOL
1.00 4 Other reimbursements 
expected to be received by 
VLL from APL
15.00
5. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources 
and obligations by VLL 
from VOL
5.00
4. Value of Transaction Upto H 361 Crore (Rupees Three-Hundred and 
Sixty-One Crore Only).
Upto H 40 Crore (Rupees Forty Crore Only).
N
199
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 192 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars Valiant Organics Limited (VOL) Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (APL)
5. Percentage of Annual 
Consolidated turnover 
considering FY 2024-
25 as the immediately 
preceding financial year.
270.65% 30%
6. Justification for the 
transactions
Arrangement is commercially beneficial to the Company.
7. Whether the transaction 
relates to any loans, 
inter-corporate deposits, 
advances or investments 
made or given by the 
listed entity or its 
subsidiary?
Not Applicable
8. Whether the transaction 
is in Ordinary Course of 
Business and at Arm’s 
Length basis?
Yes
9. Any valuation or other 
external report, relied 
upon by the listed 
entity in relation to the 
proposed transaction?
No
10. Any other information 
relevant or important for 
the members to take a 
decision on the proposed 
resolution
All important information forms part of the Statement setting out material facts, pursuant to 
Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, in Annexure I which forms a part of this notice.
Date: August 08, 2025    By Order of the Board of Directors
Place: Mumbai  of Valiant Laboratories Limited
Registered Office:
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road 
Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080  Sd/-
CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904    Akshay Gangurde
Email: complianceofficer@valiantlabs.in    Company Secretary    
Website: www.valiantlabs.in  Membership No.: A70561  
200
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 193 =====
ANNEXURE ‘III’ TO THE NOTICE
Details of the proposed transactions between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) and Valiant Organics Limited (VOL), VASPL and Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (APL), VASPL and Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private 
Limited (ASCPL) being related party(s) of the Company, including the Information pursuant to the SEBI circular no. SEBI/ HO/ CFD/ CMD1/ CIR/ P/2021/662 dated November 22, 2021
Sr. 
No. Particulars VASPL & VOL VASPL & APL VASPL & ASCPL
1 Name of the related party 
and its relationship with 
the listed entity or its 
subsidiary, including nature 
of its concern or interest 
(financial or otherwise);
VASPL is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the 
Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL).
VOL is categorized under Promoter Group of VLL.
Concern/Nature of Interest: Financial 
VASPL is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of VLL.
APL is a related party of the Company pursuant to 
the Indian Accounting Standard 24.
Concern/Nature of Interest: Financial
VASPL is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of VLL.
ASCPL is a related party of the Company pursuant 
to the Indian Accounting Standard 24.
Concern/Nature of Interest: Financial
2. Name of the director or key 
managerial personnel who 
is related, if any, and nature 
of relationship
Mr. Santosh S. Vora, Managing Director of VLL is 
Non-Executive Director in VOL and VASPL.
Mrs. Sonal Vira, Independent Director of the 
Company is an Independent Director of VOL and a 
Non-Executive Director in VASPL.
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP is the Promoter of 
VLL.
The Designated Partners of Dhanvallabh Ventures 
LLP are the promoters of APL.
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP is the Promoter of 
VLL.
The Designated Partners of Dhanvallabh Ventures 
LLP are the promoters of ASCPL.
3. Nature, material terms, 
monetary value and 
particulars of the contract or 
arrangement
The related party transactions as mentioned below 
shall be on a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of proposed aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2026-27 is expected to be H 112 Crore 
(Rupees One Hundred and Twelve Crore Only).
The related party transactions as mentioned below 
shall be on a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of proposed aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2026-27 is expected to be H 112 Crore 
(Rupees One Hundred and Twelve Crore Only).
The related party transactions as mentioned below 
shall be on a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of proposed aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2026-27 is expected to be H 29 Crore 
(Rupees Twenty-Nine Crore Only).
Sr. 
No Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value for the 
financial year 
2026-2027  
(J In Crore)
Sr. 
No. Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value for 
the financial 
year 2026-
2027  
(J In Crores)
Sr. 
No. Nature of Transaction(s)
Estimated 
transaction 
value for 
the financial 
year 2026-
2027  
(J In Crores)
1. Sale of goods/ service 
materials and/ or rendering 
of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL to 
VOL
50.00 1. Sale of goods/ service 
materials and/ or rendering 
of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL to 
APL
100.00 1. Sale of goods/ service 
materials and/ or rendering 
of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL to 
ASCPL
25.00
2. Purchase of goods/ services 
materials and/ or rendering 
of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL 
from VOL.
50.00 2. Purchase of goods/ services 
materials and/ or rendering 
of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL 
from APL
10.00 2. Purchase of goods/ services 
materials and/ or rendering 
of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL 
from ASCPL
2.00
N
201
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 194 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars VASPL & VOL VASPL & APL VASPL & ASCPL
3. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL 
from VOL
2.00 3. Availing or rendering of 
services materials and/ or 
rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations by 
VASPL from APL 
1.00 3. Availing or rendering of 
services materials and/ or 
rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations by 
VASPL from ASCPL
1.00
4. Other Reimbursements by 
VASPL from VOL
10.00 4. Other Reimbursements by 
VASPL from APL
1.00 4. Other Reimbursements by 
VASPL from ASCPL
1.00
4. Value of Transaction Upto H 112 Crore  
(Rupees One Hundred and Twelve Crore Only).
Upto H 112 Crore  
(Rupees One Hundred and Twelve Crore Only).
Upto H 29 Crore  
(Rupees Twenty-Nine Crore Only).
5. Percentage of Annual 
Consolidated turnover 
considering FY 2024-2025 as 
the immediately preceding 
financial year.
83.97% 83.97% 21.74%
6. Justification for the 
transactions
Arrangement is commercially beneficial to the Company.
7. Whether the transaction 
relates to any loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances 
or investments made or 
given by the listed entity or 
its subsidiary?
Not Applicable
8. Whether the transaction is in 
Ordinary Course of Business 
and at Arm’s Length basis?
Yes
9. Any valuation or other 
external report, relied 
upon by the listed entity 
in relation to the proposed 
transaction?
No
10. Any other information 
relevant or important for the 
members to take a decision 
on the proposed resolution
All important information forms part of the Statement setting out material facts, pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013, in Annexure I which 
forms a part of this notice.
Date: August 08, 2025    By Order of the Board of Directors
Place: Mumbai  of Valiant Laboratories Limited
Registered Office:
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road 
Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080  Sd/-
CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904    Akshay Gangurde
Email: complianceofficer@valiantlabs.in    Company Secretary    
Website: www.valiantlabs.in  Membership No.: A70561  
202
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 195 =====
ANNEXURE ‘IV’ TO THE NOTICE
Details of Directors seeking appointment/ re-appointment in the General Meeting, furnished in terms of Regulation 36 of 
the Listing Regulations and Information pursuant to the Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2).
Name of the Director Mr. Paresh Shah Mr. Santosh Vora
Director Identification 
Number (DIN)
08291953 07633923
Date of Birth 07-05-1960 25-07-1994
Age 65 years 31 years
Date of appointment/ 
reappointment on the Board
16-08-2021 21-02-2022
Qualifications,  Experience 
and expertise in specific  
functional areas
As disclosed in Item No. 10 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of the AGM Notice.
As disclosed in Item No. 11 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of the AGM Notice.
Remuneration last drawn 
(including sitting fees, if any)
15 lakhs p.a. 12 lakhs p.a.
Remuneration proposed to be 
paid
H 15 Lakhs p.a. + 0.5% of the annual consolidated 
net profits of the Company +  Perquisites & 
Other Benefits +  Employee Stock Options as 
more specifically detailed in Item No. 10 of the 
Explanatory Statement (Annexure I) of the AGM 
Notice.
H 27 Lakhs p.a. + 0.5% of the annual consolidated 
net profits of the Company +  Perquisites & 
Other Benefits +  Employee Stock Options as 
more specifically detailed  in Item No. 11 of 
the Explanatory Statement (Annexure I) of the 
AGM Notice.
Terms and Conditions of 
appointment / reappointment
Change in designation from “Executive Director 
&  Chief Financial Officer” to “Whole-time 
Director & Chief Financial Officer” of the 
Company, liable to retire by rotation.
Revision in remuneration as approved under 
Item No. 11, while continuing as Managing 
Director, liable to retire by rotation, pursuant to 
Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013.
Relationship with other 
Directors, Manager and other 
Key Managerial Personnel of 
the Company
None. Mr. Paresh Shah is a part of Promoter 
Group.
Related to Mr. Shantilal Vora (Non-Executive 
Director) and Promoters of the Company. Mr. 
Santosh Vora is a Promoter.
Number of meetings of the 
Board attended during the year
4 (Four) 4 (Four)
Directorships held in other 
companies
1. Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
2. Empeef Chemicals Pvt Ltd
1. Valiant Organics Limited
2. Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
Memberships/ Chairmanships 
of committees of other 
companies
None Valiant Organics Limited:
	  Member of Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee
Names of Listed Companies 
from which the Director has 
resigned in the past three years
None None
No. of shares held in the 
Company
40,67,690 Equity shares as on August 08, 2025 32,59,190 Equity shares as on August 08, 2025
Date: August 08, 2025    By Order of the Board of Directors
Place: Mumbai  of Valiant Laboratories Limited
Registered Office:
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road 
Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080  Sd/-
CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904    Akshay Gangurde
Email: complianceofficer@valiantlabs.in    Company Secretary    
Website: www.valiantlabs.in  Membership No.: A70561  
N
203
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 196 =====
ANNEXURE ‘V’ TO THE NOTICE
Statement containing additional information as per item (iv) of third proviso of Section II of Part II of Schedule V of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
I. General Information:
 1. Nature of industry: Pharmaceuticals/API (Paracetamol manufacturing)
 2. Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production: The company is an existing company and is in 
operation for commercial production since August 16, 2021.
 3. In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial institutions 
appearing in the prospectus: Not applicable as the Company is an existing Company
 4. Financial performance based on given indicators:
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2024-25 2023-24 2024-25 2023-24
Revenue from Operations 13,336.18 18,205.24 13,338.20 18,205.72
Profit/loss before Depreciation, Finance Costs, 
Exceptional items and Tax Expense
75.21 127.32 75.53 127.39
Profit /loss before Exceptional items and Tax Expense (144.78) (75.25) (151.26) (76.95)
Profit /(loss) for the year (215.02) 34.03 (220.12) 31.96
 5. Foreign Investments or collaborations, if any: NIL
II.  Information about Managing Director, Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer and Non-Executive 
Director:
Sr. 
No. Particulars Mr. Paresh Shah Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Shantilal Vora
1. Background details Mr. Paresh Shah is a part of the 
Promoter Group and has been 
associated with the Company 
since its incorporation. He 
was appointed as an Executive 
Director on 16th August, 2021 
and subsequently designated 
as Chief Financial Officer 
w.e.f. 6th February, 2022. 
He is a Chemical Engineer 
holding a bachelor’s degree 
in Chemical Engineering from 
the University of Bombay 
and a Master of Science in 
Chemical Engineering from 
Washington State University 
(1983). He possesses over 35 
years of experience in the 
chemical industry.
Mr. Santosh Vora has been 
associated with the Company 
since incorporation and is 
the Managing Director of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited. 
He has rich experience in 
the pharmaceutical and 
API industry and has been 
instrumental in the growth 
and success of the Paracetamol 
API business of the Company. 
He provides overall strategic 
direction, foresight and 
leadership, and plays a vital 
role in guiding the Company’s 
long-term vision and business 
strategy.
Mr. Shantilal S. Vora is a Non-
Executive Director of the 
Company. He has an experience 
of over 45 years in the chemical 
and pharmaceutical industry. 
He specializes in developing 
new markets and customers 
for the products and has vast 
experience in handling the sales 
and marketing of bulk drugs. 
His key areas of expertise 
include managing commercial 
functions encompassing 
purchases, local sales and 
exports. He has played a 
significant role in developing 
new markets and customers for 
new business segments of the 
Company.
2. Past remuneration H15 Lakhs per annum. H12 Lakhs per annum. Sitting Fees of H 40,000/- 
during Financial Year 2024-25.
3. Recognition or 
awards
Awarded a Master of Science 
in Chemical Engineering from 
Washington State University 
in 1983.
None None
204
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 197 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars Mr. Paresh Shah Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Shantilal Vora
4. Job profile and his 
suitability
He oversees factory 
operations and legal matters 
of the Company and is 
responsible for financial 
activities including budgeting, 
forecasting, working capital 
management, and project 
financing
He looks after overall 
management of the company 
and plays a key role in the 
various growth initiatives of 
the company. He specializes in 
development of new products 
and getting new chemistries 
in the company. He also looks 
after process optimization. 
In addition to the technical 
acumen, he possesses a key 
understanding of financial 
and commercial aspects 
of pharma and chemical 
industry.
Provides strategic guidance 
and mentorship to the 
leadership team as a Non-
Executive Director.
5 Remuneration 
proposed
H 15 Lakhs p.a. + 0.5% of 
the annual consolidated net 
profits of the Company +  
Perquisites & Other Benefits 
+  Employee Stock Options as 
more specifically detailed in 
Item No. 10 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of the 
AGM Notice.
H 27 Lakhs p.a. + 0.5% of 
the annual consolidated net 
profits of the Company +  
Perquisites & Other Benefits 
+  Employee Stock Options as 
more specifically detailed  in 
Item No. 11 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of the 
AGM Notice.
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of the 
Company. (Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.)
6 Comparative 
remuneration profile 
with respect to 
industry, size of the 
company, profile 
of the position and 
person
Comparable with peers in the 
pharma industry for similar 
sized listed entities.
Comparable with peers in the 
pharma industry for similar 
sized listed entities.
Within limits prescribed 
under law and aligned with 
industry practices.
Pecuniary 
relationship directly 
or indirectly with 
the Company or 
relationship with 
the managerial 
personnel, if any
Member of Promoter Group; Promoter of the Company; 
related to other promoter-
directors.
Promoter of the Company; 
related to other promoter-
directors.
N
205
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice

===== PAGE 198 =====
III. Other Information:
 1.  Reasons for Loss or Inadequate Profits: Industry-wide volatility has led to significant pricing pressures, resulting in margin 
erosion. This, combined with fluctuating raw material prices, demand variations, and higher input costs, has impacted our 
profitability as detailed in the Explanatory Statement.
 2.  Steps Taken or Proposed for Improvement: We are actively working on several initiatives, including the expansion of our 
API capacity, a renewed focus on operational efficiency, strengthening synergies with related parties, and improving our 
working capital management.
 3.  Expected Increase in Productivity and Profits: We anticipate that these measures will lead to higher capacity utilization, 
improved margins, and better overall returns in the coming financial years.
IV. Further Remuneration related disclosures under Corporate Governance Section:  
 All relevant information as required under Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013, has been appropriately disclosed in the 
Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of the Annual Report.
Date: August 08, 2025    By Order of the Board of Directors
Place: Mumbai  of Valiant Laboratories Limited
Registered Office:
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road 
Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080  Sd/-
CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904    Akshay Gangurde
Email: complianceofficer@valiantlabs.in    Company Secretary    
Website: www.valiantlabs.in  Membership No.: A70561  
206
Valiant Laboratories Limited


===== PAGE 199 =====
Notes

===== PAGE 200 =====
Notes

===== PAGE 201 =====


===== PAGE 202 =====
104, 1st Floor, Udyog Kshetra, Above Krishna Motors, 
Near D-mart, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai – 400 080
Address
Mobile: +91-22-4971 2001 
Hotline: 4971 7220,4971 7221 
marketing@valiantlabs.in