

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
www.valiantlabs.in | CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904 
Registered Office: 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund-Goregaon Link Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai - 400080. 
Corporate Office: 701-A, 7th Floor, Tower-B, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Road, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai-400083. 
T: 022-49717221/49712001/49717220 | E: investor@valiantlabs.in 
September 03, 2026 
 
To, To, 
Listing/Compliance Department Listing/Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
G-Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400001 Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
  
BSE CODE – 543998 NSE Symbol: VALIANTLAB 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Notice of the 5th Annual General Meeting & Annual Report for the Financial Year 
2025-26 
Ref: Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Valiant Laboratories Limited (the “Company”) is pleased to share its Annual Report for the 
Financial Year 2025-26, together with the Notice convening the 5th Annual General Meeting 
(“AGM”). The AGM is scheduled to be held on Monday, September 28, 2026, at 11:30 a.m. 
(IST) through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means. 
 
Further, in accordance with the MCA and SEBI Circulars, the Notice of the AGM along with 
the Annual Report is sent only through electronic mode to those Members whose email 
addresses are registered with the Company/Depository Participants as on Friday, August 
28, 2026. 
 
The Notice of 5th AGM of the Company along with Annual Report for the Financial Year 
2025-26 is available on the website of the Company at the below web-link:  
 
https://www.valiantlabs.in/assets/images/investors/annual-report-2026.pdf  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Valiant Laboratories Limited 
 
 
 
Akshay Gangurde 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 

===== PAGE 2 =====
Transforming 
Potential into 
Progress
Annual Report 
2025-26

===== PAGE 3 =====
Contents
Who We Are 02
MD’s Message 04
Financial Highlights 06
Our Journey 08
Geographic Footprint 10
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 11
Manufacturing 12
Supply Chain 16
Environment 18
Social 19
Governance 20
Our Leadership Team 22
Corporate Information 24
Standalone
Independent Auditors’ Report 81
Balance Sheet 90
Statement of Profit and Loss 91
Statement of Cash Flows 92
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity 94
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements 95
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statements 105
Consolidated
Independent Auditors’ Report 136
Balance Sheet 142
Statement of Profit and Loss 143
Statement of Cash Flows 144
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 146
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements 147
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 157Management Discussion and Analysis 25
Report of the Board of Directors 36
Report on the Corporate Governance 59
Forward-looking statement
Some information in this report may contain forward-looking 
statements. We have based these statements on our current beliefs, 
expectations and intentions as to facts, actions and events that 
will or may occur in the future. Such statements generally are 
identified by futuristic words such as ‘believe’, ‘plan’, ‘anticipate’, 
‘continue’, ‘estimate’, ‘expect’, ‘may’, ‘will’ or other similar words. 
These statements may include assumptions or basis underlying 
the futuristic statement. We have chosen these assumptions or 
basis in good faith, and we believe that they are reasonable in all 
material respects. However, we caution you that these statements 
might vary from actual results, and the differences between the 
results implied by the statements and actual results can be material, 
depending on the circumstances.   
To know more about the company, 
log on to https://valiantlabs.in
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Notice of AGM
Notice 188
Scan the QR Code  
to view the report online
02-24 81-187
25-79
188-244
Transforming 
Potential into 
Progress
Every journey of progress begins with 
recognising potential and having the 
conviction to nurture it. What starts as 
an idea, an investment or a capability 
gradually evolves into something far 
greater through persistence, discipline 
and a clear sense of purpose.
That has been the story of Valiant Laboratories. For over four 
decades, we have steadily built on our strengths, expanding our 
expertise, refining our processes and investing in capabilities 
that prepare us for the future. Each milestone has strengthened 
the foundation for the next, shaping a business that is more 
resilient, agile and equipped to meet the evolving needs of the 
pharmaceutical industry.
During FY2025-26, this journey gathered fresh momentum. The 
expansion of our manufacturing capacity, the commercialisation 
of Valiant Advanced Sciences, deeper backward integration 
and sustained investments in quality, operational excellence 
and responsible business practices reflect our ability to convert 
opportunity into tangible outcomes.
This is where Transforming Potential into Progress comes to 
life. It is a journey shaped by purposeful choices, thoughtful 
investments and the pursuit of better ways of working. Every 
capability we build, every milestone we achieve and every 
opportunity we unlock becomes part of a larger story, one that 
is steadily shaping a stronger Valiant Laboratories for the future.

===== PAGE 4 =====
Who We Are
Our Performance at a Glance
From Vision to Progress 
Progress in Perspective
With over 45 years of manufacturing excellence, Valiant Laboratories 
Limited is a pharmaceutical company and one of India’s leading 
manufacturers of high-quality Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), 
with a strong presence in the Paracetamol API segment. 
As part of the Aarti Group of Industries, we are built on a trusted legacy that traces back to 1980 with Bharat Chemicals, 
where we developed deep expertise in Para Nitro Phenol production. Guided by sustained investment in research, 
process innovation and technical expertise, we expanded into pharmaceuticals and established ourselves as a trusted 
manufacturer of Paracetamol. 
As healthcare needs evolve, we are enhancing our capabilities, advancing operational excellence and strengthening our 
readiness to capture new opportunities.
Our Vision
Our Mission
Valiant Laboratories aims to establish itself as the foremost 
supplier of bulk drugs, achieving leadership through: 
Valiant Laboratories is dedicated to diversifying into new chemistries 
and industries, increasing our market share and optimising operational 
efficiencies through the backward integration of our proposed facility. 
We are committed to expanding our footprint in foreign and regulated 
markets while delivering innovative solutions that address global 
healthcare challenges. 
Upholding the highest standards of quality and ethical practices, we 
foster long-term partnerships and sustainable growth. Our mission is 
to pioneer advancements in pharmaceuticals, ensuring accessible and 
effective healthcare solutions worldwide.
Prioritising customer 
satisfaction through 
continuous technological 
advancement, ethical 
business practice, 
and innovative 
product development 
Implementing cost-
effective and safe 
processes supported  
by cutting-edge  
technologies 
Embracing the most 
efficient and adaptable 
manufacturing 
practices and 
methods to ensure 
operational excellence 
Maintaining a 
steadfast commitment 
to sustainability, 
community 
responsibility and 
employee well-being
Consistently 
delivering superior 
quality products 
punctually and at 
competitive prices 
Financial Highlights (Standalone)
Operational Highlights
H31,976 Lakhs
ISO 9001:2015 
and GMP
H555 Lakhs
H1,007 Lakhs
Commencement 
of Commercial 
Production at VASPL
H21,704 Lakhs
Net Worth
Certified
PAT
EBITDA
(November 2025)
Total Revenue
Annual Report 2025-26
02
 03
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 5 =====
MD’s Message
Valiant Laboratories Limited Dear Shareholders,
It is my privilege to present to you the performance of Valiant Laboratories for the financial year 2025-26, a year 
in which your Company returned firmly to the path of profitability after a testing FY25.
The Indian Paracetamol API industry spent much of FY24 and FY25 absorbing the effects of post-COVID 
capacity additions across the sector, which kept realisations and utilisation levels under pressure. FY26 showed 
clearer signs of stabilisation, and your Company used the year to strengthen its position for the cycles ahead. 
We completed a Rights Issue, brought our balance sheet to a debt-free position, and took our specialty chemicals 
subsidiary from pilot stage into commercial production. Each of these steps was deliberate, and together they 
leave the Company better placed to navigate future market conditions than it was a year ago.
November 2025 
marked the start 
of commercial 
operations at 
VASPL — a second 
engine of growth 
alongside our core 
Paracetamol business.
Quality and Safety at the 
Core
Quality remains foundational to how 
we operate. Our facility are certified 
to ISO 9001:2015, and we hold GMP 
certification for the manufacture and 
export of bulk drugs and APIs, with 
quality checks embedded from raw 
material procurement through to 
storage. On safety, FY26 was a strong 
year: we closed with zero Lost Time 
Injuries, zero Medical Treatment Cases, 
zero occupational illnesses and no 
fatal accidents. This was supported by 
a structured monthly safety training 
calendar, regular toolbox talks, and 
mock emergency drills reported 
to the Directorate of Industrial 
Safety and Health.
Valiant Advanced Sciences: 
A New Growth Platform
Our wholly owned subsidiary, Valiant 
Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
(VASPL), reached a defining milestone 
this year with the commencement of 
commercial operations in November 
2025 at its specialty chemicals facility. 
Our products find end-use applications 
in the agrochemical, pharmaceutical, 
dye, pigment, fragrance, food, and 
polymer industries.
As commercial production commenced 
only partway through FY26, the year 
reflects a partial period of operations. 
Building on this foundation, our 
Financial Performance
Revenue from operations grew 62.7%, 
to J217.04 crore in FY26. The Company 
returned to profitability with a profit 
after tax of J 5.55 crore, against a 
loss of J 2.15 crore in the previous 
year. EBITDA margin recovered to 
4.64% from 0.56%. The Rights Issue, 
completed in August 2025, raised 
J81.47 crore, majority of which was 
used to fully repay the Company’s 
outstanding term borrowings. This 
brought our debt-equity ratio down 
to NIL from 0.25 in the previous 
year, placing the Company on a 
considerably stronger financial footing 
entering FY27.Strengthening Our  
Foundations
Backward integration remained central 
to our approach through the year: both 
key starting materials for Paracetamol 
continue to be sourced from within 
the Aarti Group, with majority of 
our Para-aminophenol requirement 
now secured through integrated and 
localised sourcing. This reduces our 
exposure to import volatility and 
strengthens supply continuity. 
Looking to the future, the Company 
is working towards WHO-GMP 
compliance, targeted by next year, 
which will support our entry into 
semi-regulated export markets. 
focus for FY27 is to accelerate the 
commercialization of products from 
our development pipeline while 
expanding our export footprint across key 
international markets.
The Path Ahead
Our priorities for FY27 are to consolidate 
our deleveraged balance sheet, support 
VASPL’s commercial ramp-up, and 
continue aligning our facilities with 
international regulatory requirements. 
None of this is possible without our 
people. Through the year, employees and 
contract workers took part in structured 
training on material handling, safety 
and emergency response, alongside 
familiarisation programmes for senior 
management and Directors on evolving 
regulatory requirements. 
In Closing
I would like to thank our shareholders, 
customers, employees and business 
partners for their continued trust 
and support through the year. Their 
confidence has been central to the 
progress we have made, and I look 
forward to building on this foundation 
together in the year ahead.
Warm regards,
Mr. Santosh Vora 
Managing Director
05
Annual Report 2025-2604
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 6 =====
Financial Highlights
ConsolidatedStandalone
The Value We Created
Revenue Revenue 
PAT PAT 
EBITDA EBITDA 
PAT Margin PAT Margin 
EBITDA Margin EBITDA Margin
ROCE ROCE
21,704.25
23,746.75
554.82
(326.79)
1,007.09
871.05
2.56
(1.38)
4.64
3.67
2.43
2.77
18,205.24
18,205.72
34.03
31.96
127.33
127.39
0.19
0.18
0.70
0.70
(0.23)
(0.29)
33,390.95
33,390.95
2,899.83
2,899.83
3,995.32
3,995.32
8.68
8.68
11.97
11.97
26.06
23.66
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
13,336.18
13,338.20
(215.02)
(220.12)
75.21
75.54
(1.61)
(1.65)
0.56
0.57
(0.54)
(0.40)
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
(H in Lakhs) (H in Lakhs)
(H in Lakhs) (H in Lakhs)
(H in Lakhs) (H in Lakhs)
(in %) (in %)
(in %) (in %)
(in %) (in %)
07
Annual Report 2025-2606
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 7 =====
Our Journey
Milestones of Transformation
1980
1982
2015
2022
2025
2025
2023
2021
2004–05
1981
Established M/s. Bharat 
Chemicals
Formed as a partnership 
firm, marking the begin-
ning of our manufactur-
ing journey.
Commenced manufacturing  
of Paracetamol.
Achieved H500 
million in annual 
revenue from operations.
Annual revenue from operations 
crossed H2,000 million; formed 
wholly owned subsidiary, VASPL, 
to diversify business activities.
Enhanced Tarapur 
manufacturing capacity from 
9000 MT to 10800 MT per annum
Commercialised VASPL’s speciality 
chemicals facility at Saykha, Gujarat 
in November 2025, marking its 
transition into commercial production 
of ketene and diketene derivatives.
Listed on BSE 
and NSE on 6 October.
Converted from partnership 
firm into a public limited 
company; annual 
revenue from operations 
crossed H1,000 million.
Expanded Tarapur presence 
with the acquisition of additional 
plots L-28, L-29 and L-13 (part), 
taking the total footprint to 
about 3,000 sq. mtrs.
Acquired Plot No. L-30 in 
Tarapur Industrial Area, 
Palghar, Maharashtra on a 
leasehold basis, measuring 
about 1,000 sq. mtrs.
0908
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial StatementsAnnual Report 2025-26

===== PAGE 8 =====
Geographic Footprint Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
The Value We Created Precision. Innovation. Impact.
We are steadily strengthening our footprint in India, supported by rising 
demand for Paracetamol API, the growing over-the-counter (OTC) 
segment and our ISO 9001:2015 and GMP certifications. By strengthening 
relationships in high-growth regions and widening our customer base, 
we are building a resilient distribution network backed by a reliable 
supply chain.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL), our wholly-owned subsidiary, 
represents our strategic foray into specialty chemicals. During FY26, VASPL 
reached a defining milestone by progressing from pilot-scale development to 
commercial operations, establishing a new avenue for value creation and portfolio 
diversification. 
Manufacturing Facility Corporate Office
Tarapur plant, Maharashtra Vikhroli, Mumbai, Maharashtra
VASPL also completes a fully backward-integrated value chain for our core 
business: it manufactures Acetic Anhydride — a key input in Paracetamol 
production — keeping both major starting materials for Paracetamol within the 
Aarti Group.
Commencement of 
Commercial Operations
FY26 marked the beginning of 
commercial operations at VASPL in 
November 2025. Operations are anchored 
at VASPL’s greenfield manufacturing 
facility at Saykha GIDC, Bharuch, 
Gujarat, where commercial production 
of Acetic Anhydride — our flagship 
specialty chemical — commenced during 
the year. The facility is certified to ISO 
9001 (Quality), ISO 14001 (Environment) 
and ISO 45001 (Occupational Health 
and Safety) management systems. 
The company is also associated with 
CHEMEXCIL and holds Halal and 
Kosher certifications, reinforcing 
its commitment to international 
quality standards and global 
customer requirements.
November 2025
Customer approvals
Commercial operations commenced
Secured approvals for several products, while 
several more products are in the pipeline 
undergoing customer qualification and approval 
processes.
Map not to scale
11
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements10Annual Report 2025-26

===== PAGE 9 =====
Manufacturing
Transforming Vision into Reality 
Our manufacturing platform is built on advanced infrastructure, efficient production 
processes, disciplined quality systems and backward integration. Together, these 
strengths enable us to deliver high-quality Paracetamol API with consistency while 
driving operational efficiency and supporting scalable growth.
Manufacturing Excellence 
Our manufacturing facility at Tarapur 
is equipped with advanced technology 
to produce Paracetamol API in a range 
of grades and pack sizes. The facility 
is strategically located approximately 
150 km from JNPT (Nhava Sheva) Port 
and 110 km from our office in Mumbai 
supporting efficient domestic distribution 
and export shipments.
Strategic Location
~150 km ~110 km
JNPT (Nhava Sheva) Port Mumbai Office
Product Portfolio and Applications
We manufacture Paracetamol API in different grades and sizes to cater to varied 
customer requirements.
Pharmacopeial Standards
Our products are supplied to pharmaceutical manufacturers for use in finished dosage 
forms, including tablets, capsules and other medications.
IPIP BP BP USPUSP EUEU
Product  
Grades
PowderCrystals
Fine 
Powder 
Manufacturing Process
We follow a controlled manufacturing process designed to ensure purity, 
consistency and quality across our Paracetamol API production.
Paracetamol Manufacturing Process
RAW MATERIALS
ACETYLATION 
Para-aminophenol is acetylated with acetic anhydride to produce crude Paracetamol.
FILTRATION 
The crude Paracetamol is dissolved in hot water and treated with activated carbon to remove coloured impurities. The mass is then filtered.
PURIFICATION 
The filtered mass undergoes purification before being sent to the crystalliser.
CRYSTALLISATION 
The purified mass is cooled in the crystalliser to facilitate crystallisation.
FILTRATION 
The crystallised mass is centrifuged and washed with purified water to obtain pure Paracetamol in centrifuged form.
ML FOR RECOVERY DRYING 
Centrifuged pure Paracetamol is dried in the fluid bed dryer.
PULVERIZATION 
The blended material is transferred through the powder transfer system for pulverising.
BLENDING 
A full batch of dried pure Paracetamol is loaded into the blender. After 
blending, it is transferred to the receiver for pulverising.
PACKING  
Pulverised Paracetamol is packed in bags, drums or as per customer requirements.
PARACETAMOL IP/BP/EP/USP
Annual Report 2025-26 1313
Annual Report 2025-2612
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 10 =====
Quality Management
We embed quality controls across 
the manufacturing cycle, from raw 
material procurement and production 
to storage, supported by an in-house 
analytical laboratory.
Environment, Health and Safety
At Valiant Laboratories, Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) shapes the way we work every day. Our approach is guided by three 
priorities: protecting the environment, safeguarding the health and wellbeing of our people and fostering a safe, secure workplace 
for everyone associated with us. During FY2025-26, we advanced our EHS practices at the Tarapur facility through practical 
initiatives centred on regulatory compliance, operational discipline and measurable outcomes.
Quality Framework
Quality Focus Area Our Approach
Raw Materials Quality checks at procurement
Production Process and quality controls
Testing In-house analytical laboratory
Storage Controlled storage and inventory checks
Certifications and Compliance
ISO 9001:2015 GMP
Manufacturing Facility Manufacture and Export of Bulk Drugs and APIs
We are targeting WHO-GMP compliance by next year as part of our efforts to strengthen manufacturing standards and 
expand our presence. Achieving this milestone will further enhance our readiness to serve customers across global markets.
Environment
We are advancing our 
environmental practices 
through stronger containment 
measures, responsible waste 
management and the efficient 
use of energy and water. 
Alongside these efforts, we are 
expanding green cover around 
our manufacturing facility 
and promoting biodiversity to 
enhance the ecological value of 
the surrounding environment.
Energy & water conservation
Resource conservation and 
drinking water availability
Waste management  
Source segregation and 
authorised disposal
Greening initiatives  
50+ trees planted; 
Miyawaki-style 
green belt planned
Health
We prioritise employee health, safety 
and well-being through accessible 
on-site medical support, preventive 
healthcare and emergency-response 
training. We also ensure continuous 
access to safe drinking water, reinforcing 
a workplace environment focused 
on employee welfare.
Safety
We strive to nurture a safe, zero-harm 
workplace through regular training, 
emergency preparedness and active 
employee participation. Our structured 
safety initiatives embed safe working 
practices into day-to-day operations 
while enhancing our readiness to respond 
effectively to potential emergencies.
On-site medical support
First-aid facilities, stretcher 
and trained responders
Zero-harm performance
Zero LTIs, Medical Treatment 
Cases and fatal accidents
Emergency preparedness
CPR and specialised 
first-aid training 
Emergency preparedness
Mock drills, including electric-
shock response drills
Preventive healthcare
Regular health check-ups and 
updated health records 
Safety training 
Monthly sessions on material 
handling, MSDS, first aid, 
PPE and fire safety
Employee welfare
Continuous access to 
safe drinking water
Safety awareness
Safety Week activities, 
competitions 
and awareness drives
15
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 11 =====
Supply Chain
Building Resilient Networks 
A resilient supply chain is fundamental to operational stability, cost 
competitiveness and business continuity. We are enhancing supply assurance 
through local procurement, backward integration, disciplined inventory 
planning and strategic logistics, reducing our exposure to import dependence 
and global supply disruptions.
Localisation and Backward Integration
We have strengthened the reliability of our raw material ecosystem 
by increasing local procurement and drawing on the Aarti Group’s 
backward integration capabilities. Both key starting materials for 
Paracetamol — Para-Aminophenol and Acetic Anhydride — are now 
manufactured within Group companies, significantly reducing our 
reliance on external suppliers.
This integrated sourcing model improves supply continuity, enables 
faster procurement decisions and enhances our ability to navigate 
changing global market conditions with greater confidence.
Planning for Reliable Supply
Our supply planning approach is designed to ensure material availability while maintaining operational agility and cost 
discipline. By sourcing critical raw materials from trusted local vendors and maintaining well-calibrated inventory levels, 
we are well positioned to sustain uninterrupted production while responding effectively to changing demand patterns.
Our Focus
Majority of our Para-
Aminophenol (PAP) 
requirements are secured 
through integrated and 
localised sourcing
Reliable Sourcing
Critical raw materials 
from dependable local  
sources
Inventory Planning
Maintaining 
appropriate inventory 
levels to support 
production continuity
Supply Risk Management
Reducing exposure to 
import volatility and 
external disruptionsw
Logistics and Connectivity
Our manufacturing facility at Tarapur is strategically located near key logistics infrastructure, enabling the smooth movement of 
raw materials and finished products. This location enhances logistics efficiency and supports timely domestic distribution as well 
as export shipments.
~150 km ~110 km
JNPT (Nhava Sheva) Port Mumbai Office
17
Annual Report 2025-2616
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 12 =====
Environment Social
Stewarding a Sustainable Future Unlocking Potential, Inspiring Change 
We are advancing our environmental performance through practical initiatives 
grounded in regulatory compliance and operational discipline. During 
FY2025-26, our priorities centred on responsible waste management, enhanced 
environmental safeguards and stronger operational controls within our 
manufacturing processes. By integrating environmental considerations into our 
day-to-day operations, we seek to reduce our environmental footprint while 
building a more resource-efficient and resilient business.
At Valiant Laboratories, our social approach is centred on empowering people 
and creating meaningful social impact. We focus on strengthening employee 
capabilities, promoting a safe and inclusive workplace and contributing to the 
well-being and development of the communities around us.
Responsible Waste 
Management
We have installed a Mechanical Vapour 
Recompression (MVR) system along 
with a Reverse Osmosis (RO) plant 
to achieve Zero Liquid Discharge 
(ZLD), enabling efficient treatment and 
recycling of process wastewater. We 
continue to strengthen our responsible 
waste management practices through 
segregation of waste at source and 
compliant disposal of hazardous waste 
and e-waste through authorised vendors.
Building Capabilities, 
Creating Impact
During FY2025-26, employees and 
contract workers participated in 
structured training programmes focused 
on material handling, Material Safety 
Data Sheets (MSDS), personal protective 
equipment (PPE) usage and fire safety. 
These programmes were complemented 
by regular toolbox talks conducted within 
the Production, Maintenance, Stores 
and Quality Control functions, helping 
reinforce safe working practices.
Specialised external programmes, 
including CPR training, enhanced 
technical expertise and emergency 
response preparedness. Senior 
management and Directors also 
attended familiarisation programmes 
on key regulatory and governance 
developments, including the SEBI 
regulations and the Companies Act, 2013, 
strengthening compliance awareness and 
supporting informed leadership.
Energy Efficiency Measures
We have transitioned to LED lighting 
throughout our facilities to reduce energy 
consumption and installed energy meters 
at both departmental and equipment 
levels, enabling continuous monitoring 
and more effective energy management.
During FY2025-26, we also upgraded 
key infrastructure, including replacing 
the processing shed with a permanent 
structure and reorganising pipeline 
layouts to improve process reliability, 
operational safety and overall efficiency.
Diversity, Inclusion and 
Workplace Culture
We are committed to building a safe, 
respectful and inclusive workplace 
supported by equitable people practices 
and equal opportunity principles. During 
the year, POSH (Prevention of Sexual 
Harassment) awareness programmes 
were conducted to strengthen awareness 
and reinforce a culture of dignity, 
mutual respect and accountability 
across the organisation.
Health, Safety and Employee 
Wellbeing
Employee health, safety and wellbeing 
are central to the way we operate. During 
FY2025-26, we recorded zero Lost Time 
Injuries, zero Medical Treatment Cases, 
zero occupational illnesses and no fatal 
accidents, reflecting our disciplined 
approach to workplace safety.
Environmental Awareness
We undertake tree plantation drives 
within our landscaped and greenfield 
areas, complemented by the ongoing 
maintenance of green spaces to enhance 
the ecological value of our site. During 
FY2025-26, we planted more than 50 
trees at our facility and initiated plans 
to develop a dense Miyawaki-style 
green belt, enriching biodiversity while 
contributing to improved local air quality.
Our on-site Occupational Health Centre, 
periodic health check-ups and CPR 
training supported employee wellbeing, 
while a structured safety programme 
comprising monthly training sessions, 
toolbox talks, gate safety inspections, 
a robust work permit system and 
regular mock drills, including an 
electric shock emergency response drill, 
helped embed a strong safety culture 
throughout the organisation.
Community Empowerment
At Valiant Laboratories, we recognise our 
responsibility to contribute meaningfully 
to the communities in which we operate. 
Our community initiatives are guided 
by a commitment to creating long-term 
social value through interventions that 
strengthen public infrastructure, support 
education and promote social welfare. 
Through targeted interventions across 
these areas, we seek to address local 
needs and contribute towards inclusive 
and sustainable community development.
50+
Trees Were Planted Across 
the Facility
19
Annual Report 2025-2618
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 13 =====
Governance
The Foundation of Responsible Growth 
At Valiant Laboratories, we believe strong governance is the foundation of 
sustainable growth and enduring value creation. Guided by the principles of 
transparency, accountability and ethical conduct, our governance approach is 
reinforced by effective Board oversight, robust internal controls, disciplined 
risk management and a comprehensive policy architecture. Through our Board 
committees and well-defined governance practices, we encourage responsible 
decision-making, uphold regulatory compliance and strengthen stakeholder 
confidence while advancing our strategic priorities.
Our Policies and Codes
Board Oversight
Our Board provides direction and 
oversight as the business scales, 
exercising this through its constituted 
committees — the Audit Committee, 
Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee, Risk Management Committee 
and Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee. During FY2025-26, the Board 
reviewed the Company’s performance 
and its capital allocation decisions, 
including the Rights Issue and the 
application of its proceeds towards 
repayment of borrowings.
Internal Controls and 
Compliance
Our internal financial controls are 
documented and embedded within 
business processes, and are tested 
through management review, 
self-assessment, and internal and 
statutory audit. Secretarial audit for 
FY2025-26 was carried out by M/s. 
Mehta & Mehta, Practising Company 
Secretaries, appointed for a five-year 
term commencing FY2025-26. Senior 
management and Directors participated 
in familiarisation programmes during the 
year covering regulatory and governance 
developments, including under the 
SEBI Regulations and the Companies 
Act, 2013, strengthening compliance 
awareness across the organisation.
Risk Management
Our risk management framework, 
overseen by the Risk Management 
Committee, provides for the 
identification, assessment, mitigation 
and monitoring of risks across the 
business. Principal areas under review 
include pricing and competitive 
pressure in the Paracetamol API 
market, raw material price volatility, 
supply chain continuity, regulatory 
compliance and currency exposure. Our 
backward integration within the Aarti 
Group and our deleveraged balance 
sheet both act as structural mitigants 
against these exposures.
Ethics, Transparency and 
Accountability
Ethical conduct is governed by a 
defined policy architecture comprising 
our Whistle Blower Policy and Vigil 
Mechanism, the Code of Conduct 
for the Board of Directors and Senior 
Management, the Code of Conduct for 
Independent Directors, the Policy on 
dealing with Related Party Transactions 
and the Code of Conduct for Prevention 
of Insider Trading. Together these 
establish clear expectations of conduct 
and provide protected channels 
for raising concerns.
Policies
Codes
Policy on 
determination of 
materiality of event
Code of Conduct for prevention of Insider 
Trading in securities of the Company
Cyber  
Security Policy
Policy for 
Determining 
Material Subsidiaries
Terms and  
Conditions 
of appointment of  
Independent  
Directors
Policy on Diversity  
of the Board
Code of Conduct of Board of Directors 
and Senior Management personnel
Human  
Rights Policy
Risk Management 
Policy
Code of Conduct  
of Board of  
Directors and  
Senior Management  
personnel
Preservation  
and Archival
Whistle  
Blower Policy
Policy on dealing  
with Related  
Party Transaction
Code of Conduct for Independent Director
Dividend  
Distribution Policy
Prevention of 
Sexual Harassment  
at Workplace
Nomination  
and Remuneration  
Policy
Policy for 
enquiry in 
case of leak of UPSI
Criteria for  
Board Evaluation
CSR Policy
Code of Conduct 
for prevention of 
Insider Trading in 
securities of the  
Company
Composition of 
Various Committees
Succession Policy
Code of Conduct  
for Independent  
Director
Our Committees
Audit Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Risk Management Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
ChairmanC
MemberM
Mulesh Manilal Savla (C)
Sonal Amit Vira (M)
Ashok Chheda (M)
Shantilal Shivji Vora (M)
Mulesh Manilal Savla (C)
Sonal Amit Vira (M)
Santosh Shantilal Vora (M)
Sonal Amit Vira (C) 
Mulesh Manilal Savla (M) 
Shantilal Shivji Vora (M)
Santosh Vora (C)
Sonal Vira (M)
Mulesh Manilal Savla (M)
Paresh Shah (M)
Mulesh Manilal Savla (C)
Paresh Shashikant Shah (M)
Shantilal Shivji Vora (M)
21
Annual Report 2025-2620
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 14 =====
Our Leadership Team
The Minds Shaping Our Future
MR. CHANDRAKANT V. GOGRI 
Founder
Mr. Chandrakant V. Gogri is the founder of Aarti Industries Limited. Mr. Gogri 
holds a degree in Chemical Engineering from the Institute of Chemical Technology 
(ICT), previously known as the University Department of Chemical Technology 
(UDCT). He has unparalleled expertise in the fields of chemical industry projects, 
operations, process development, and marketing. His ability and aptitude for finance 
assisted the Aarti Group through a crucial expansion period. For his contributions 
to the Indian chemical industry, Mr. Chandrakant V. Gogri received the renowned 
Lala Shriram National Award for Leadership in the Chemical Industry in 2015 
and the ICC’s D.M. Trivedi Lifetime Achievement Award in 2019. In 2022, he was 
honoured with Lifetime Contribution Award at the Chemical and Petrochemical 
Awards by FICCI and Lifetime Achievement Award by GDMA (Gujarat Dyestuff 
Manufacturer Association).
Board of Directors
Mr. Mulesh Savla  
Chairman and Non-Executive 
Independent Director
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Santosh Vora 
Managing Director
Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ashok Cheda 
Non-Executive Independent Director
Mr. Paresh Shah  
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
Mrs. Sonal Vira 
Non-Executive Independent Director
23
Annual Report 2025-2622
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 15 =====
Corporate Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Chairman - Independent Director
Mr. Mulesh Savla
Managing Director
Mr. Santosh Vora
Whole - Time Director &  
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Paresh Shah  
Non – Executive Directors
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
Independent Directors
Mrs. Sonal Vira
Mr. Ashok Chheda
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Mr. Akshay Gangurde
(Appointed w.e.f. July 09, 2025)
Ms. Prajakta Patil
(Resigned w.e.f. June 15, 2025.)
STATUTORY AUDITORS
M/s. Raman S. Shah & Co.
Chartered Accountants
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
M/s Mehta & Mehta
Practicing Company Secretary
BANKERS
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Kotak Mahindra Bank
REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER 
AGENT
MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd.
C 101, Embassy 247 Park, LBS Road, 
Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai - 400 083, 
Maharashtra.
Tel No: +91 22 49186000 
Fax: +91 22 49186060
REGISTERED OFFICE
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West) Mumbai – 400 080
Ph No: 022-49712001 / 49717220/49717221
CORPORATE OFFICE
701-A, Tower B, Embassy 247 Park, LBS Road, Vikhroli (West),  
Mumbai – 400083. 
CORPORATE IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER
L24299MH2021PLC365904
Annual Report 2025-26
24


===== PAGE 16 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Economy Overview
Global Economy1
The global economy proved more resilient than expected during 
CY 2025, growing by 3.5%, the same rate as in 2024. Growth 
was supported by resilient private consumption, sustained 
technology investment and accommodative financial conditions, 
even as trade barriers rose and policy uncertainty remained 
elevated. World trade volumes grew 5.0% during the year.
Global headline inflation moderated to 4.1% in CY 2025 from 
5.8% in 2024, as supply chains improved and the cumulative 
effect of monetary tightening worked through prices. That 
disinflation has since stalled.
Outlook 
The outlook for CY 2026 is dominated by two opposing forces. 
The first is the negative supply shock from the outbreak of war in 
the Middle East and the disruption to shipping through the Strait 
of Hormuz. The second is the positive shock from the acceleration 
of the global technology cycle, driven by advances in and 
deployment of artificial intelligence. Global growth is projected 
to slow to 3.0% in 2026 before recovering to 3.4% in 2027.
Commodity prices are the principal channel through which the 
conflict is transmitting to the real economy, and this is directly 
relevant to manufacturers of chemicals and pharmaceutical 
intermediates. Crude oil prices are projected to rise 31.8% in 2026, 
with the average petroleum spot price assumed at approximately 
US$ 89 per barrel against US$ 82 assumed in April 2026. Fertiliser 
prices are projected to rise 26% and food prices 8%. Energy prices 
remain roughly 25% above pre-war levels, and pass-through to 
industrial input, utility and freight costs is expected to persist 
through the year.2
Global headline inflation is now expected to rise from 4.1% in 2025 
to 4.7% in 2026, before easing to 3.9% in 2027. The disinflation 
trend in place since the beginning of 2024 has therefore stalled, 
and monetary policy is expected to be less supportive than 
previously assumed. Risks to the outlook are more balanced 
than earlier in the year but remain tilted to the downside, 
with renewed conflict, trade fragmentation and a correction in 
technology-driven expectations the principal concerns.
CY2025 3.5
CY2026 (P) 3.0
CY2027 (P) 3.4
CY2025 4.5
CY2026 (P) 3.8
CY2027 (P) 4.5
Global GDP Growth Trend
(in %)
Global Economy Advanced Economies Emerging Market and Developing 
Economies
CY2025 1.9
CY2026 (P) 1.7
CY2027 (P) 1.8
P - Projection 
Source: IMF, World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026 (“Global Economy in Crosscurrents of War and Technology”), Table 1
Indian Economy
India maintained its position among the world's fastest-growing 
major economies during FY 2025-26. Growth remained resilient 
despite geopolitical tensions, trade disruptions and commodity 
price volatility. Strong domestic fundamentals, resilient 
consumption, public capital expenditure and improving private 
investment supported economic expansion during the year.
Real GDP grew by 7.7% in FY 2025-26, compared with 7.1% 
in FY 2024-25, reaching H323.12 lakh crore at constant prices. 
Nominal GDP grew 8.9%. Real Gross Value Added increased 
7.9%. These are the Provisional Estimates released by MoSPI on 5 
June 2026 and are compiled on the new national accounts series 
with base year 2022-23, which was introduced in February 2026; 
growth rates are therefore not directly comparable with those 
published under the earlier 2011-12 series.3
Growth was led by the secondary and tertiary sectors, which 
expanded 8.8% and 9.3% respectively at constant prices, while 
the primary sector grew 3.2%. Manufacturing was the standout 
performer at 10.7%, up from 9.3% in the previous year. Trade, 
hotels, transport and communication grew 11.0% and financial, 
real estate and professional services 10.4%.
On the demand side, Private Final Consumption Expenditure and 
Gross Fixed Capital Formation grew 7.7% and 8.2% respectively 
at constant prices, against 5.8% and 6.4% in the previous year. 
Gross fixed capital formation was 32.3% of GDP. The combined 
strength of domestic consumption, capital formation and sectoral 
expansion reinforced macroeconomic stability.
1IMF, World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026 – “Global Economy in Crosscurrents of War and Technology”, Table 1 and Annex Table 1. 
2IMF, World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026, commodity price assumptions (Figure 3) and Table 1. 
3MoSPI, Press Note on Provisional Estimates of Annual Gross Domestic Product for 2025-26, 5 June 2026, Statements 1 and 3.
25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 17 =====
The pharmaceutical sector remains an important contributor 
to India's manufacturing and export landscape. The Economic 
Survey 2025-26 highlighted the industry's shift towards a value-
driven growth model, led by complex generics, biosimilars 
and innovation-led products. India continues to hold a strong 
position in the global pharmaceutical value chain, supported by 
its manufacturing scale, skilled workforce and established global 
presence. Continued investments in research and development, 
technology and manufacturing capabilities are expected to 
enhance competitiveness and support long-term growth.4
Outlook5
The Indian economy is expected to moderate from the exceptional 
pace of FY 2025-26 while remaining among the fastest-growing 
major economies. At its meeting of 3 to 5 June 2026, the Monetary 
Policy Committee of the Reserve Bank of India kept the policy 
repo rate unchanged at 5.25% with a neutral stance, and revised 
real GDP growth for FY 2026-27 down to 6.6% from 6.9%. The 
International Monetary Fund projects 6.4% for the same year, and 
the Economic Survey 2025-26 placed the range at 6.8% to 7.2%.6
Growth is expected to be supported by resilient private 
consumption, sustained public capital expenditure, healthy 
capacity utilisation and steady credit growth. The Reserve Bank 
has specifically flagged elevated energy prices arising from the 
conflict in West Asia, supply-chain disruptions, rupee pressure 
and the prospect of a below-normal monsoon as the principal 
downside risks.
The Reserve Bank raised its CPI inflation projection for 
FY 2026-27 by 50 basis points to 5.1%, with a quarterly profile 
of 4.2% in Q1, 5.1% in Q2, 5.9% in Q3 and 5.4% in Q4, and core 
inflation at 4.7%. The upward revision reflects higher crude oil 
prices, elevated input costs and supply-side pressures. For a 
manufacturer dependent on power, steam, solvents and freight, 
this points to a higher input-cost environment in FY 2026-27 than 
in the year under review.7
FY 2025 7.1
FY 2026 7.7
FY 2027 (P) 6.6
Indian GDP Growth Trend
(in %)
P - Projected
Source: MoSPI, Press Note on Provisional Estimates of Annual 
GDP for 2025-26, 5 June 2026 (new series, base year 2022-23); RBI, 
Monetary Policy Statement 2026-27, Resolution of the Monetary Policy 
Committee, 5 June 2026
4Press Information Bureau, Government of India, press release on the pharmaceutical sector; Economic Survey 2025-26, Ministry of Finance.
5Reserve Bank of India, Monetary Policy Statement 2026-27, Resolution of the Monetary Policy Committee, meeting held 3 to 5 June 2026.
6IMF, World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026, Annex Table 1 (India, presented on a fiscal year basis).
7Reserve Bank of India, Monetary Policy Statement 2026-27, Resolution of the Monetary Policy Committee, meeting held 3 to 5 June 2026, published 5 June 2026.
8Towards Healthcare, Pharmaceutical Market Sizing. 
Industry Overview
Pharmaceutical Industry
Global8
The global pharmaceutical industry continued to play a pivotal 
role in addressing evolving healthcare needs during 2025. 
Rising healthcare expenditure, increasing prevalence of chronic 
diseases, expanding healthcare access and growing demand for 
advanced therapies supported industry growth across developed 
and emerging markets. 
The global pharmaceutical market was valued at approximately 
US$ 1,772.65 billion in 2025. North America remained the largest 
market, supported by advanced healthcare infrastructure and 
strong research capabilities. Asia-Pacific emerged as one of the 
fastest-growing regions, driven by improving healthcare access, 
rising incomes and increasing health awareness. Conventional 
drugs continued to account for a significant share of the market 
by molecule type. Branded pharmaceuticals also maintained a 
substantial contribution to industry revenues.
Estimates of the size of the global pharmaceutical market differ 
materially according to whether they are measured at list, invoice 
or net prices and whether over-the-counter products are included. 
For reference, the IQVIA Institute — the benchmark most widely 
used within the industry — places global medicine spending 
at approximately US$ 1.6 trillion in 2025 at invoice price levels, 
rising to approximately US$ 2.4 trillion by 2029. The figures 
presented in this section should therefore be read as indicative of 
direction and scale rather than as a definitive measure.
The industry is expected to sustain its growth momentum in the 
coming years. The global pharmaceutical market is projected to 
increase from approximately US$ 1,881.67 billion in 2026 to US$ 
3,219.76 billion by 2035, registering a CAGR of 6.15% during the 
forecast period.
2025 1,772.65
2030 2,389.04
2035 3,219.76
Global Pharmaceutical Industry 
(USD Billion)
Source: Towards Healthcare, Pharmaceutical Market Sizing. 
CAGR: 6.15% (2026-2035)
Annual Report 2025-26
26


===== PAGE 18 =====
Indian9 
The pharmaceutical industry has emerged as one of India's 
most strategically important sectors, contributing significantly 
to healthcare accessibility, manufacturing output and export 
earnings. A strong manufacturing base, extensive formulation 
capabilities and increasing investments in research and 
innovation continue to support the industry's growth. 
India is the third largest producer of drugs by volume and supplies 
approximately 20% of the world's generic medicines by volume. 
The domestic industry is currently estimated at approximately 
US$ 60 billion. Continued focus on product diversification, 
manufacturing excellence and innovation has strengthened 
India's position in the global pharmaceutical value chain.10
The Pharmaceuticals Export Promotion Council of India projects 
that the industry will reach approximately US$ 130 billion by 
2030, implying a compound annual growth rate in excess of 10%. 
The Department of Commerce has set a longer-term trade target 
of one trillion dollars for the sector.
Exports remain a key driver. India's exports of drugs and 
pharmaceuticals stood at US$ 30.47 billion in FY 2024-25, a growth 
of 9.4%, and crossed US$ 31 billion in FY 2025-26, although 
growth moderated to approximately 5% to 6% as demand from 
the United States softened. Formulations and biologicals account 
for approximately 79% of exports by value. Bulk drugs and drug 
intermediates — the segment in which the Company operates — 
are the second largest category at approximately 16% of exports.
India’s pharmaceutical exports
FY 2023-24 27.8
FY 2024-25 30.47
FY 2025-26 Over 31
India’s exports of drugs and pharmaceuticals 
(USD Billion)
Source: IBEF, Pharmaceutical Exports from India; Pharmaceuticals Export 
Promotion Council of India (Pharmexcil). FY 2025-26 figure is provisional.
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) Industry
Global11
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) form the foundation 
of pharmaceutical manufacturing and serve as the essential 
therapeutic components in medicines. The industry continued 
to expand in 2025, supported by increasing pharmaceutical 
production, rising demand for generic medicines and biologics, 
and the growing role of outsourced manufacturing. The global 
API market was valued at approximately US$ 256.4 billion in 
2025. The industry's strategic importance has increased with 
9IBEF, Pharmaceutical Exports from India. 
10IBEF, Pharmaceutical Industry in India. 
11IMARC Group, Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Report. 
12CareEdge Ratings, “India’s API Industry expected to grow at a CAGR of 5-7% up to FY28”, March 2026. 
13Mordor Intelligence, India Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market.
14Department of Pharmaceuticals, Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, Government of India: Production Linked Incentive Scheme for Promotion of Domestic 
Manufacturing of Critical Key Starting Materials, Drug Intermediates and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (outlay H6,940 crore) and Scheme for Promotion of 
Bulk Drug Parks. Project completion and pipeline data per CareEdge Ratings, March 2026.
advances in pharmaceutical research, the development of 
complex therapies and greater emphasis on quality-focused 
manufacturing. These factors continue to strengthen the role of 
APIs within the global healthcare value chain.
The global API market is projected to grow from approximately 
US$ 256.4 billion in 2025 to US$ 376.2 billion by 2034, registering 
a CAGR of 4.22% during 2026-2034.
The compound growth rate cited above is stated by the source for 
the period 2026 to 2034 and does not reconcile exactly with the 
2025 base figure, which is drawn from the same report on a slightly 
different basis. The two should not be compounded together.
Indian12
The Indian Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) industry 
remains a critical part of the country's pharmaceutical ecosystem, 
with an estimated market size of US$ 15 to 16 billion. India 
produces more than 500 APIs and accounts for the largest 
single share of the World Health Organization prequalified list. 
Rising healthcare demand, increasing insurance penetration and 
expanding access to healthcare services continued to support 
industry growth during FY 2025-26.
The adoption of advanced technologies, including data analytics, 
process automation and continuous flow manufacturing, is 
helping improve operational efficiency and manufacturing 
capability. However, India continues to depend on imports for 
approximately 35% of its API requirements by value, with close 
to 70% of those imports sourced from China. Dependence exceeds 
90% for a number of critical APIs and key starting materials. This 
concentration remains the principal structural vulnerability of 
the Indian API industry and the strongest argument for domestic 
capacity addition.13
CareEdge Ratings projects that the Indian API industry will 
grow at a compound annual growth rate of 5% to 7% in FY 2026-
27 and FY 2027-28, driven by favourable government policy, a 
structural shift towards high-potency and complex APIs, rising 
domestic demand and deeper penetration of regulated and 
emerging markets.
Government initiatives are central to this outlook. The Production 
Linked Incentive Scheme for bulk drugs carries an outlay of 
H6,940 crore and the Bulk Drug Parks scheme an outlay of H3,000 
crore. More than 30 projects under these schemes have been 
completed and commissioned, and nearly 80% of ongoing API 
investment projects in India are linked to the bulk drug parks 
initiative, with large facilities under development in Andhra 
Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat. Para-amino phenol, the 
key starting material for Paracetamol, is on the list of key starting 
materials eligible for support under the scheme.14
27
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 19 =====
Separately, the reconfiguration of global pharmaceutical supply 
chains — driven by China-plus-one sourcing strategies and by 
legislative measures in the United States restricting reliance on 
certain Chinese suppliers — has increased enquiry volumes at 
Indian contract manufacturers and API producers. This represents 
a material medium-term opportunity for Indian manufacturers 
with established quality systems and regulatory track records.
A significant trade development occurred during the year. 
On 2 April 2026 the President of the United States issued a 
proclamation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 
1962 imposing an additional ad valorem duty of up to 100% on 
patented pharmaceutical products and their associated active 
pharmaceutical ingredients and key starting materials, taking 
effect from 31 July 2026 for larger companies and 29 September 
2026 for smaller manufacturers. Rates are tiered by country of 
origin and by whether the importer holds a Commerce-approved 
onshoring plan or a most-favoured-nation pricing agreement.15
Generic pharmaceuticals, biosimilars and their associated 
ingredients are expressly excluded from the measure. Paracetamol, 
being an off-patent molecule supplied into generic formulations, 
therefore falls outside its scope at present and the Company has 
no immediate exposure. However, the proclamation requires 
the Secretary of Commerce to advise, within one year, whether 
the tariffs should be extended to generic pharmaceuticals and 
their ingredients. That review, expected by approximately April 
2027, is a genuine forward risk for the Indian API industry and 
is being monitored.
Paracetamol Industry in India16
Paracetamol remains one of the most widely used analgesic and 
antipyretic drugs in India, making it an important component 
of the domestic pharmaceutical market. Its extensive use across 
prescription and over-the-counter (OTC) applications continues 
to support demand. Paracetamol is among the highest-volume 
bulk drugs manufactured in India, and the country is one of the 
largest global producers of Paracetamol API. Its affordability, 
broad therapeutic applicability and widespread availability have 
contributed to sustained demand across households, healthcare 
institutions and retail pharmacies.
The industry continues to benefit from India's expanding 
pharmaceutical manufacturing capabilities and improving 
healthcare infrastructure. Tablet formulations account for 
a significant share of consumption, while capsules and oral 
solutions address diverse patient requirements. Pain and fever 
management remain the dominant segment, followed by cold 
and cough treatment, muscle cramps and other therapeutic 
uses. The growing reach of retail pharmacy networks and digital 
healthcare channels has further improved product accessibility 
across the country.
Paracetamol is manufactured from para-amino phenol, which 
is the principal key starting material and accounts for the 
substantial majority of input cost. A significant proportion of 
India's para-amino phenol requirement has historically been 
imported from China, and the availability and price of this input 
is the single most important determinant of margins for Indian 
Paracetamol manufacturers. 
Imports of Paracetamol from China were subject to anti-
dumping duty for a substantial period from 2001, most recently 
at US$ 787 per tonne, before the definitive duty was terminated 
in 2019. Domestic manufacturers therefore compete directly 
with imported material on price, and domestic realisations track 
international Paracetamol prices closely. This is reflected in 
the Company's own experience over FY 2022-23 to FY 2024-25, 
discussed under Financial Performance below.
Demand for Paracetamol in India is expected to grow broadly 
in line with the wider analgesic and antipyretic segment over 
the medium term, supported by sustained healthcare demand, 
expanding pharmaceutical access and increasing penetration of 
organised retail and digital pharmacy networks. Growth in the 
segment is volume-led rather than price-led.
Continued investments in manufacturing capacity, strengthening 
domestic supply chains, and ongoing improvements in 
healthcare infrastructure are expected to support the industry's 
long-term growth trajectory. In addition, initiatives aimed at 
enhancing domestic pharmaceutical production are expected 
to reinforce India's position as a key manufacturing hub for 
essential medicines.
Source: Grand View Research; IBEF, Indian Chemicals Industry Analysis. 
Chemical Sector
The Company's existing operations are in pharmaceutical API 
industry rather than in chemicals generally. The following 
commentary is included because the diversification being 
pursued through Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
takes the Group into adjacent chemistries, and the commercial 
environment for those products is relevant to that strategy. 
Indian17
India's chemical industry is a key contributor to the country's 
manufacturing ecosystem, supplying critical inputs to sectors 
such as pharmaceuticals, agriculture, construction, automotive 
and consumer goods. Supported by a diversified product 
portfolio and strong domestic demand, the industry is estimated 
at approximately US$ 155-165 billion.
The industry is projected to reach approximately US$ 230-255 
billion by 2030, registering a CAGR of 8-9% over the next five to 
six years. Growth is expected to be driven by rising demand from 
both traditional end-use sectors and emerging industries such as 
semiconductors, electric vehicles, batteries, renewable energy, 
aerospace and defence.
India's chemicals trade deficit, estimated at approximately 
US$ 31 billion in 2025 and concentrated in inorganic chemicals 
(approximately US$ 12 billion) and polymers (approximately 
15Presidential Proclamation of 2 April 2026 under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 and accompanying White House fact sheet; Harmonized Tariff 
Schedule of the United States, Annexes I and IV.
16Directorate General of Trade Remedies and Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs notifications on anti-dumping duty on Paracetamol originating in or 
exported from China PR. 
17McKinsey & Company, “From Challenges to Possibilities: Leading India’s Chemicals Industry Through Global Headwinds”, March 2026. 
Annual Report 2025-26
28


===== PAGE 20 =====
US$ 13 billion), represents a substantial import substitution opportunity and supports the case for domestic capacity expansion and 
deeper integration into global chemical value chains.
Source: McKinsey & Company, “From Challenges to Possibilities: Leading India’s Chemicals Industry Through Global Headwinds”, March 2026.
Specialty Chemical Industry
Indian18
India has emerged as a prominent market for specialty chemicals, supported by the growing sophistication of its manufacturing sector 
and accelerating demand for high-performance chemical solutions. The industry serves a diverse range of end-use sectors, including 
pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals, personal care, construction and automotive. Independent estimates of its size vary according to 
market definition and are set out below.
Estimates of the size and growth of the Indian specialty chemicals market vary considerably between sources according to how the 
market perimeter is defined. Independent estimates place the market at approximately US$ 63 billion to US$ 67 billion in 2024-25, 
growing at between 6% and 9% a year to approximately US$ 89 billion to US$ 95 billion by 2030. IBEF, citing McKinsey, projects the 
Indian chemicals industry as a whole to reach US$ 255 billion by 2030.
Company Overview
Valiant Laboratories Limited is an Indian Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) manufacturer with a specialised focus on Paracetamol 
API. Part of the Aarti Group, the Company traces its origins to 1980, when it commenced operations as Bharat Chemicals, establishing 
a strong foundation in chemical manufacturing. 
Over the years, Valiant Laboratories has expanded its capabilities through focused research and development and transitioned into 
the pharmaceutical sector. It has built a reputation as a reliable supplier of high-quality Paracetamol API, serving domestic and 
international customers with a strong emphasis on quality, consistency, and operational excellence.
The Company operates a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility at Tarapur Industrial Estate, Maharashtra, dedicated to the production 
of Paracetamol API across multiple grades and specifications to meet diverse customer requirements. Its strategic location near key 
logistics infrastructure supports efficient distribution and supply chain management. 
Valiant Laboratories is supported by modern manufacturing equipment, stringent quality standards and a dedicated research and 
development team focused on process improvement and identification of future growth opportunities. With strong manufacturing 
expertise, customer-centric approach and focus on sustainable long-term growth, the Company continues to strengthen its position 
within the pharmaceutical API industry.
Segment-wise and Product-wise Performance
The Company is engaged in the manufacture and sale of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients, principally Paracetamol API. In accordance 
with Ind AS 108 – Operating Segments, the Chief Operating Decision Maker reviews the business as a single operating segment. 
Accordingly, no separate segment disclosure is required or presented. Product-wise revenue is set out below.
18Grand View Research, India Specialty Chemicals Market Size & Outlook. 
29
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 21 =====
Strengths and Opportunities
• Experienced leadership and industry expertise:
 Valiant Laboratories is guided by an experienced leadership team with deep domain 
knowledge across the chemical and pharmaceutical sectors. The promoters’ extensive 
industry experience enables the Company to navigate evolving market dynamics, maintain 
high standards of quality and operational excellence, and pursue sustainable long-term 
growth through informed strategic decision-making.
• Strong domestic sourcing and supply chain resilience:
 The Company's emphasis on domestic sourcing reduces its exposure to global supply 
chain uncertainties and raw material volatility. Strong engagement with local suppliers 
enhances operational reliability, supports consistent product quality and strengthens 
business continuity, while contributing to the domestic manufacturing ecosystem.
• Commitment to research and innovation:
 A strong emphasis on research and development underpins efforts to enhance product 
capabilities, advance new chemistries and unlock future growth opportunities. The 
development of new molecules and technologies through Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Pvt. Ltd. supports portfolio diversification and strengthens long-term value creation. By 
fostering innovation and continuous improvement, the Company remains well positioned 
to address evolving industry requirements and emerging technological trends.
• Strong governance and ethical business practices:
 Ethical conduct, transparency and accountability remain integral to the Company's 
business philosophy. A well-established governance framework supports prudent 
decision-making, operational discipline and long-term stakeholder value creation. These 
principles have contributed to building confidence among customers, business partners 
and investors, reinforcing the Company's position as a trusted and dependable participant 
in the pharmaceutical industry.
STRENGTHS
Annual Report 2025-26
30


===== PAGE 22 =====
• Growing demand for Paracetamol and pharmaceutical APIs:
 Increasing healthcare expenditure, rising prevalence of chronic illnesses and expanding 
access to healthcare services are expected to support sustained demand for pharmaceutical 
products and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs). As a specialised Paracetamol 
API manufacturer, the Company is well positioned to capitalise on growing domestic 
and international demand, strengthening its market presence and supporting future 
business growth.
• Supportive policy environment and domestic manufacturing initiatives:
 Government initiatives aimed at promoting self-reliance in pharmaceutical and chemical 
manufacturing, including support for domestic API production and import substitution, 
present significant opportunities for industry participants. Such initiatives can facilitate 
capacity expansion, strengthen local supply chains and enhance the competitiveness of 
domestic manufacturers in both local and export markets.
• Integrated manufacturing ecosystem and supply chain reliability:
 Complete backward integration through key raw material manufacturing within Group 
companies provides a strategic advantage by reducing dependence on external suppliers 
and mitigating supply chain risks. This integrated structure enhances operational stability, 
improves supply reliability and strengthens customer confidence through consistent 
product availability and quality assurance.
• Innovation and technology-driven growth opportunities:
 Advancements in process automation, advanced analytics, digital manufacturing and 
research-driven product development are creating opportunities to improve operational 
efficiency and strengthen competitiveness. Continued focus on innovation and new 
chemistry development can support diversification initiatives and enable the Company to 
address evolving market requirements more effectively.
• Increasing export opportunities and global supply chain diversification:
 As global pharmaceutical and chemical supply chains continue to diversify, Indian 
manufacturers are gaining greater opportunities to expand their international footprint. 
Supported by manufacturing expertise, quality standards and cost competitiveness, the 
Company is well positioned to leverage emerging export opportunities and strengthen its 
presence in global markets.
OPPORTUNITIES
GROWTH 
STRATEGIES
The Company's strategic priorities for the medium term are:
• Ramp-up of the newly commissioned capacity: 
 The principal near-term driver of consolidated profitability is raising throughput at the 
capacity commissioned during FY 2025-26. Management's focus is on stabilising the 
process, completing customer validations and progressively increasing plant utilisation.
• Diversification beyond Paracetamol: 
 Through Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited, the Company is developing specialty 
chemicals where Our products will find end-use applications in the agrochemical, 
pharmaceutical, dye, pigment, fragrance, food, and polymer industries. 
• Cost and process efficiency: 
 Continued investment in process improvement, solvent recovery, energy efficiency and 
yield enhancement is intended to protect margins in a market where selling prices are 
largely externally determined.
31
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 23 =====
Product-wise revenue from operations
(H In Lakhs)
Particulars Consolidated Standalone 
FY26 FY25 FY26 FY25
Sale of manufactured products 22,929.44 12,971.92 19,760.66 12,969.90
Sale of traded products 517.31 66.28 1,643.59 66.28
Other operating revenue 300.00 300.00 300.00 300.00
Revenue from operations 23,746.75 13,338.20 21,704.25 13,336.18
Sale of manufactured products, which represents the Company's core Paracetamol API business, grew 76.76% on a consolidated 
basis and 52.36% on a standalone basis. The difference between the two reflects the contribution of the capacity commissioned at the 
subsidiary during the year. Traded goods remain an ancillary activity undertaken to service customer requirements and are not a 
strategic focus.
Financial Performance
The financial performance discussed below is presented on a consolidated basis, with standalone results shown separately. The 
Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited, houses the manufacturing capacity commissioned 
during the year and is material to an understanding of the Group's results.
Consolidated results
(H In Lakhs)
Particulars FY26 FY25 Change
Revenue from operations 23,746.75 13,338.20 78.04%
Other income 232.04 543.48 (57.31) %
Total income 23,978.79 13,881.68 72.74%
EBITDA 871.05 75.54 1,053.8%
EBITDA margin (%) 3.67% 0.57% 310 bps
Finance costs 190.25 17.53 985.3%
Depreciation and amortisation 603.98 209.26 188.6%
Profit / (loss) before tax 76.82 (151.26) -
Tax expense 403.61 68.86 486.0%
Profit / (loss) after tax (326.79) (220.12) -
Net worth 31,088.51 23,431.01 32.68%
Gross block (property, plant and equipment) 25,260.78 6,900.57 266.07%
Total borrowings 4,494.87 12,120.46 (62.92) %
Consolidated revenue from operations grew 78.04% to H23,746.75 lakhs. Profit before tax turned positive at H76.82 lakhs, against a loss 
of H(151.26) lakhs in FY 2024-25. The Group nevertheless recorded a loss after tax of H(326.79) lakhs, principally on account of a total tax 
charge of H403.61 lakhs which includes a deferred tax charge of H239.65 lakhs arising on the difference between book and tax written-
down values of the newly capitalised assets. Finance costs and depreciation together increased by H567.45 lakhs as the new facility 
moved from capital work-in-progress into operation; these are fixed costs that will be absorbed only as utilisation rises.
Standalone results
On a standalone basis the Company returned to profitability. Revenue from operations grew 62.75% to H21,704.25 lakhs and profit 
after tax was H554.82 lakhs, against a loss of H(215.02) lakhs in the previous year. The four-year standalone summary is set out below.
(H In Lakhs unless stated otherwise)
Particulars FY26 FY25 FY24 FY23
Revenue from Operations 21,704.25 13,336.18 18,205.24 33,390.95
Revenue Growth (%) 62.75% (26.75)% (45.48)% 14.54%
EBITDA 1,007.09 75.21 127.33 3,995.32
EBITDA Margin (%) 4.64% 0.56% 0.70% 11.97%
Profit Before Tax (PBT) 754.79 (144.78) (75.25) 3,813.64
PBT Margin (%) 3.48% -1.09% -0.41% 11.42%
Profit After Tax (PAT) 554.82 (215.02) 34.03 2,899.83
PAT Margin (%) 2.56% -1.61% 0.19% 8.68%
Capital Employed 32,321.42 29,633.37 29,836.45 16,223.95
Annual Report 2025-26
32


===== PAGE 24 =====
(H In Lakhs unless stated otherwise)
Particulars FY26 FY25 FY24 FY23
Operational Parameters
Top 3 Customers (H lakhs) 3,637.93 2,292.90 2,151.70 6,983.70
Top 5 Customers (H lakhs) 5,085.23 3,363.50 3,288.70 9,895.50
Return on Equity (%) – standalone 2.00% (0.91) % 0.20% 33.73%
Debt to Equity ratio – standalone 0.00 0.14 0.36 0.59
Financial performance in relation to operational 
performance
Between FY 2022-23 and FY 2024-25 standalone revenue 
from operations declined from H33,390.95 lakhs to H13,336.18 
lakhs, a fall of 60.06%. The contraction was a price and spread 
phenomenon rather than a demand phenomenon, driven by 
lower global Paracetamol prices and aggressive import pricing, 
which compressed the spread between selling prices and 
key input costs.
In FY 2025-26 the position reversed, and the recovery was entirely 
volume-led. Sales volumes rose, while average realisation on 
manufactured products declined. The two effects together 
account for the growth in sale of manufactured products. 
Customer concentration reduced during the year. The three 
largest customers accounted for 16.76% of standalone revenue 
from operations against 17.19% in FY 2024-25, and the five largest 
for 23.43% against 25.22%.
Operating leverage. The commissioning of the new facility 
increased consolidated depreciation from H209.26 lakhs to 
H603.98 lakhs and finance costs from H17.53 lakhs to H190.25 lakhs. 
Consolidated profitability is therefore highly geared to utilisation 
of the new capacity: each incremental tonne carries a low marginal 
cost against a largely fixed depreciation and interest base.
Capital deployment. Consolidated capital work-in-progress of 
H15,578.06 lakhs as at 31 March 2025 was substantially capitalised 
during the year, with H16,856.58 lakhs transferred from 
capital work-in-progress into property, plant and equipment. 
Consolidated gross block rose from H6,900.57 lakhs to H25,260.78 
lakhs. Asset turnover, measured as revenue from operations 
to average capital employed, remains low at approximately 
0.69 times and is the principal metric management will seek to 
improve in FY 2026-27.
Working capital. Consolidated inventories increased from 
H398.87 lakhs to H4,542.62 lakhs, principally raw material secured 
to support the ramp-up of the expanded capacity, and trade 
payables increased from H4,071.60 lakhs to H9,402.48 lakhs. Trade 
receivables grew 29.73% against revenue growth of 78.04%, 
representing an improvement in collection efficiency, although 
receivable days remain elevated at approximately 127 days of 
consolidated revenue from operations. Reducing this cycle is a 
stated management priority.
Funding and balance sheet. The Rights Issue of 1,08,62,500 
equity shares at H75 per share (face value H10 and securities 
premium H65), allotted on 11 August 2025, raised H8,146.88 lakhs. 
H7,625.59 lakhs of long-term borrowings were repaid during the 
year, reducing consolidated total borrowings from H12,120.46 
lakhs to H4,494.86 lakhs. Consolidated net worth increased from 
H23,431.01 lakhs to H31,088.51 lakhs.
Key Ratios
Particulars FY26 FY25 % Change Reason for change
Current ratio 3.02 5.69 (46.93%) Increase in inventory & Advance to Supllier 
has led to variance in ratio
Debt Equity ratio 0.00 0.14 (100%) Repayment of borrowings during the year
Debt Service Coverage ratio (0.17) (2,405.29) (99.99%) Repayment of borrowings during the year
Return on Equity ratio 2.00% (0.91%) (319.44%) Increase in Profit has led to variance in ratio
Inventory Turnover ratio 13.91 16.69 (16.63%) Not a significant change.
Trade Receivable Turnover ratio 2.79 2.26 23.43% Not a significant change.
Trade Payable Turnover ratio 5.13 5.86 (12.40%) Not a significant change.
Net Capital Turnover ratio 193.00% 94.86% 103.46% Increase in revenue during the year
Net Profit ratio 2.56% (1.61%) (258.55%) Increase in Profit has led to variance in ratio
Return on Capital Employed 2.43% (0.54%) (549.99%) Increase in Profit has led to variance in ratio
Return on Investment (%) 8.58% 12.32% (43.58%) Redemption of Investment has led to decrease 
in returns.
Interest Coverage Ratio 29.91 (7.26) 511.98% Increase in profit reflects the margin of safety  
a company has for paying interest on its debt
Operating Profit Margin (%) 3.60% (0.95)% 478.95% Due to increase in revenue and profit
33
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 25 =====
Return on Net Worth
On a consolidated basis, return on net worth moved from (0.94) % in FY 2024-25 to (1.05) % in FY 2025-26. The consolidated loss after 
tax increased from H (220.12) lakhs to H (326.79) lakhs, on account of commissioning costs, a full charge of depreciation and finance 
cost on capacity commissioned during the year, and a deferred tax charge of H239.65 lakhs. Consolidated net worth increased from 
H23,431.01 lakhs to H31,088.51 lakhs following the Rights Issue of H8,146.88 lakhs allotted on 11 August 2025.
On a standalone basis, return on net worth improved from (0.92)% in FY 2024-25 to 1.74% in FY 2025-26, with profit after tax of H554.82 
lakhs against a loss of H(215.02) lakhs in the previous year, and net worth of H31,975.87 lakhs.
Risk Management
Risk Impact Mitigation Strategy
Competitive 
intensity and 
pricing pressure
Increased competition and pricing pressures 
may adversely affect profitability and reduce 
the commercial viability of certain products.
Continuous portfolio enhancement, introduction 
of value-added products, cost optimisation 
initiatives and market-focused strategies help 
maintain competitiveness.
Economic and 
geopolitical 
uncertainties
Political instability, economic disruptions 
and macroeconomic volatility may create 
operational and financial uncertainties in 
certain markets.
Regular monitoring of economic and geopolitical 
developments, coupled with prudent financial 
management and customer risk assessment, helps 
mitigate potential impacts.
Regulatory and 
quality compliance 
risks
Non-compliance with applicable quality 
standards and regulatory requirements may 
result in penalties, regulatory actions and 
reputational damage.
Strong quality management systems, periodic 
compliance reviews and continuous process 
improvements support adherence to regulatory 
requirements.
Intellectual property 
and taxation 
disputes
Intellectual property claims, tax-related 
disputes or legal proceedings may affect 
business operations and delay product 
launches.
Comprehensive legal reviews, proactive risk 
assessments and strict adherence to applicable 
laws and regulations help minimise potential 
exposures.
Raw material price 
volatility
Significant fluctuations in raw material prices 
may increase production costs and adversely 
impact profitability and business planning.
Continuous monitoring of raw material markets 
and strategic sourcing initiatives help manage 
price-related risks effectively.
Regulatory approval 
delays
Delays in obtaining product approvals may 
affect market entry timelines, sales growth 
and expansion plans.
Close monitoring of approval processes and timely 
engagement with regulatory authorities support 
efficient resolution of regulatory requirements.
Foreign exchange 
and international 
business risks
Currency fluctuations may impact 
profitability, cash flows and the 
competitiveness of international operations.
Appropriate hedging strategies and prudent 
treasury management practices help mitigate 
foreign exchange-related risks.
Cybersecurity and 
information security 
threats
Cyber incidents may result in financial losses, 
operational disruptions and reputational 
damage.
Continuous strengthening of cybersecurity 
infrastructure, regular system monitoring and 
timely risk mitigation measures help safeguard 
critical business information.
Supply chain 
disruptions
Interruptions in the supply chain may 
affect production schedules, increase costs 
and impact the ability to meet customer 
requirements.
Active supplier engagement, supply chain 
monitoring and development of alternate sourcing 
arrangements help improve supply resilience.
Execution risks in 
major projects
Delays or underperformance in key projects 
may impact financial returns and hinder 
strategic growth initiatives.
Robust project evaluation, continuous progress 
monitoring and disciplined execution controls 
support effective project management.
Quality Control 
Quality remains a key focus area across the Company's operations. 
Robust quality management systems are implemented across 
manufacturing and corporate functions to ensure compliance 
with industry standards.
The Company's quality systems are certified under ISO 
9001:2015 standards, reflecting its commitment to internationally 
recognised quality management practices. The Company also 
holds Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) certification for the 
production and export of bulk drugs and APIs, demonstrating 
adherence to stringent quality and regulatory requirements.
Comprehensive quality assurance processes are integrated 
across the entire manufacturing value chain, from raw material 
procurement to production, storage and dispatch of finished 
products. Each product undergoes rigorous testing through well-
equipped laboratories and advanced analytical systems before 
commercial release.
Annual Report 2025-26
34


===== PAGE 26 =====
This structured approach enables the Company to consistently 
deliver safe, reliable and high-quality products while meeting 
customer expectations and regulatory requirements.
Human Resource
The Company employed 84 permanent employees as at 31 March 
2026, against 79 as at 31 March 2025. Consolidated employee 
benefits expense for the year was H699.82 lakhs, against H438.81 
lakhs in the previous year, the increase reflecting the recruitment 
and deployment of operating, quality and engineering personnel 
for the newly commissioned facility.
The Company regards its people as central to the consistency and 
quality of its output. During the year, employees were engaged 
extensively in the construction, commissioning, validation and 
stabilisation of the new capacity, alongside continuing operations 
at the existing plant. Training was focused on process safety, 
good manufacturing practice, effluent and hazardous waste 
handling, and the operation of the new equipment.
Industrial relations remained cordial throughout the year. There 
were no strikes, lock-outs or material employee disputes, and no 
loss of man-days on account of industrial action. The Company 
maintains a Prevention of Sexual Harassment policy and an 
Internal Complaints Committee constituted under the Sexual 
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013.
Internal Control Systems and Adequacy
The Company has in place strong internal control procedures 
commensurate with its size and operations. The Company 
believes that safeguarding of assets and business efficiency 
can be prolonged by exercising adequate internal controls and 
standardising operational processes. The internal control and 
risk management system is structured and applied in accordance 
with the principles and criteria established in the corporate 
governance code of the organisation. It is an integral part of the 
general organisational structure of the Company and Group 
and involves a range of personnel who act in a coordinated 
manner while executing their respective responsibilities. The 
Board of Directors offers its guidance and strategic supervision 
to the Executive Directors and management, monitoring and 
support committees.
The Company has established an internal financial controls 
framework, including controls over financial reporting, 
commensurate with the nature, size and complexity of its 
operations. These controls are designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting, the 
effectiveness and efficiency of operations, the safeguarding of 
assets and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
The adequacy and operating effectiveness of these controls have 
been reviewed and reported upon by the Statutory Auditors in 
accordance with Section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013.
An independent Internal Auditor is appointed under Section 138 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and carries out audits in accordance 
with a risk-based annual internal audit plan approved by 
the Audit Committee. Internal audit reports, together with 
management's responses and the status of remedial actions, 
are placed before the Audit Committee at its meetings. The 
Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of the internal control 
systems, the internal audit function and the findings of internal 
investigations, and reports to the Board.
Cautionary Statement
The statements made in the Management Discussion and Analysis 
describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates, 
expectations may be “forward-looking statements” within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual 
results could differ from those expressed or implied. Important 
factors that could make a difference to the Company’s operations 
include economic conditions affecting demand-supply and price 
conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the 
Company operates, changes in the government regulations, tax 
laws and other statutes and other incidental factors.
35
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 27 =====
Report of the Board of Directors 
To the Members, 
The Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”) are pleased to present the 5 th (Fifth) Annual Report of Valiant 
Laboratories Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Company” or “VLL”)  on the business and operations of the Company together 
with the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 (hereinafter referred to as “year under review”).
1. CORPORATE OVERVIEW AND GENERAL INFORMATION
 The Company was originally formed as a partnership firm under Indian Partnership Act, 1932, under the name and style of 
“M/s. Bharat Chemicals”. Subsequently, the partnership firm, M/s. Bharat Chemicals was converted into a public limited 
company under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”) with the name “Valiant 
Laboratories Limited” pursuant to certificate of incorporation dated August 16, 2021, issued by Central Registration Centre, 
Registrar of Companies. 
 On October 06, 2023, the Company successfully completed the IPO process, and the equity shares of the Company are listed on 
the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and the BSE Limited (“BSE”).
2. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
(H In Lakhs)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Revenue from Operations 21,704.25 13,336.18 23,746.75 13,338.20
Other Income 289.48 542.81 232.04 543.48
Profit/loss before Depreciation, Finance Costs, 
Exceptional items and Tax Expense
1007.09 75.21 871.05 75.53
Less: Depreciation/ Amortisation/ Impairment 226.19 202.46 603.98 209.26
Profit /loss before Finance Costs, Exceptional items and 
Tax Expense
780.90 (127.25) 267.07 (133.73)
Less: Finance Costs 26.11 17.53 190.25 17.53
Profit /loss before Exceptional items and Tax Expense 754.79 (144.78) 76.82 (151.26)
Add/(less): Exceptional items - - - -
Profit /loss before Tax Expense 754.79 (144.78) 76.82 (151.26)
Less: Tax Expense (Current & Deferred) 199.96 70.24 403.61 68.86
Profit /(loss) for the year (1) 554.82 (215.02) (326.79) (220.12)
Total Comprehensive Income/loss (2) (0.43) (2.26) 0.42 (2.40)
Total (1+2) 554.39 (217.28) (326.37) (222.52)
Retained Earnings as on the closure of Financial Year 5550.55 4,995.74 4661.32 4,988.11
 The Financial Statements for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026 have been prepared in accordance with the 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including 
the Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS) specified under 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read 
with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended.
3. COMPANY’S PERFORMANCE/ STATE OF 
AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY
 On a Standalone basis, the Revenue from Operations 
for FY 2025-26 was H21,704.25 Lakhs, higher by 62.75% 
over the previous year’s Revenue from Operations of  
H 13,336.18 Lakhs. The profit after tax (“PAT”) attributable 
to shareholders for FY 2025-26 was H554.82 Lakhs as against 
H (215.02) lakhs for FY 2024-25. 
 On a Consolidated basis, the Revenue from Operations for 
FY 2025-26 was H 23,746.75 Lakhs, higher by 78.04% over 
the previous year’s Revenue from Operations of  
H 13,338.20 Lakhs. The profit after tax (“PAT”) attributable 
to shareholders for FY 2025-26 was H (326.79) Lakhs as 
against H (220.12) Lakhs for FY 2024-25.
 On a Standalone basis, earning per share stood at  
H 1.10(Basic) and H 1.10 (Diluted) in FY 2025-26 as compared to  
H (0.50) (Basic) and H (0.50) (Diluted) in FY 2024-25. 
 On a Consolidated basis, earning per share stood at H (0.65)
(Basic) and H (0.65) (Diluted) in FY 2025-26 as compared to  
H (0.51) (Basic) and H (0.51) (Diluted) in FY 2024-25.
Annual Report 2025-26
36


===== PAGE 28 =====
4. OPERATIONS/ STATE OF COMPANY’S 
AFFAIRS
 Valiant Laboratories Limited is a pharmaceutical 
company focused on manufacturing high-quality Active 
Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), with a strong presence 
in the Paracetamol API segment. The operations/ state of 
the Company’s affairs/ nature of business forms part of 
the Management Discussion and Analysis Report forming 
part of the Annual Report.
5. CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS
 During the year under review, there was no change in the 
nature of business of the Company.
6. SHARE CAPITAL
 Authorized Share Capital
 The Authorized Share Capital of the Company as on March 
31, 2026, is H60,00,00,000 (Rupees Sixty Crore Only) divided 
into 6,00,00,000 Equity Shares of H 10/- each. 
 Paid up and subscribed share capital 
 The paid up and subscribed share capital of the Company as 
on March 31, 2026 is H 54,31,25,000 (Rupees Fifty- Four Crore 
Thirty-One Lakh Twenty-Five Thousand Only) comprising 
of 5,43,12,500 Equity Shares having face value of H10/- each.
 Change during the year
 Rights Issue 
 The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held 
on July 09, 2025, approved the offer and issuance of equity 
shares by way of a Rights Issue for an amount not exceeding 
H 8,146.88 Lakhs.
 Subsequently, the Rights Issue Committee constituted 
by the Board of Directors, in its meeting held on July 15, 
2025, approved the Rights Issue of 1,08,62,500 fully paid-
up Equity Shares of face value of H 10/- each for cash at 
a price of H 75/- per share (including a premium of H 65/- 
per equity share), aggregating up to H 8,146.88 Lakhs, on a 
rights basis to the eligible equity shareholders.
 The Rights Issue shares were offered in the ratio of 1 (one) 
Rights Equity Share for every 4 (four) fully paid-up equity 
shares held by eligible shareholders as on the record date, 
i.e., July 19, 2025. 
 The Rights Issue opened on July 28, 2025, and closed on 
August 08, 2025. Fractional entitlements were disregarded 
while computing the Rights Entitlement.
 Upon successful completion on August 13, 2025, the post-
issue paid-up share capital of the Company stands increased 
to H 54,31,25,000/- (Rupees Fifty-Four Crore Thirty-One 
Lakh Twenty-Five Thousand Only), comprising 5,43,12,500 
Equity Shares of face value of H 10/- each.
7.  STATEMENT ON DEVIATION OR VARIATION 
 In terms of Regulation 32 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Listing Regulations”), a listed entity is required to report 
deviation(s) and variation(s) with respect to funds raised 
through a public issue, rights issue or preferential issue.
 For IPO:
 Post the issue and listing of its equity shares on October 
06, 2023, the Company appointed CARE Ratings Limited, 
a SEBI registered Monitoring Agency, for monitoring the 
utilisation of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offer. The 
Monitoring Agency, in its report for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2024, confirmed that the Company had fully 
utilised the net proceeds of the IPO. There was no deviation 
or variation in the utilisation of the IPO proceeds from the 
objects stated in the Prospectus.
 For Rights Issue:
 During the year under review, the Company issued 
1,08,62,500 equity shares of face value of H10/- each at an 
issue price of H75/- per equity share (including a premium 
of H65/- per equity share), aggregating to H8,146.88 Lakhs, 
on a rights basis, in terms of the Letter of Offer dated July 
15, 2025. The Rights Equity Shares were allotted on August 
11, 2025 and listed on BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited on August 13, 2025.
 For monitoring the utilisation of the proceeds of the Rights 
Issue, the Company appointed India Ratings and Research 
Private Limited, a SEBI registered Monitoring Agency, in 
terms of Regulation 82 of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
37
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 29 =====
8. CREDIT RATING
 The Company has been rated by India Ratings and Research vide its letter dated June 25, 2025, for the Company’s banking 
facilities as follows:
Date Nature of facility Rated Limits (millions) Rating
June 25, 2025 Fund-based working capital limits H 550 IND BBB/Stable/IND A2
Non-fund-based working capital limits H 10 IND A2
 The disclosures w.r.t. said credit ratings were filed with the Stock Exchanges and the same is available on the website of the 
Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 The utilisation of the Gross Proceeds of H8,146.88 Lakhs as on March 31, 2026 is set out below:
Sr. No Object as stated in the Letter of 
Offer
Amount earmarked  
(H in Lakhs)
Amount utilised upto 
March 31, 2026 (H in Lakhs)
Unutilised as on March 31, 
2026 (H in Lakhs)
1.  Adjustment of Unsecured Loans 
of Promoter/Promoter Group 
towards Rights Equity Shares 
Application Money
5,800.51 5,800.51 Nil
2. Repayment of outstanding loans 
of existing promoters
139.51 139.51 Nil
3. Capital Expenditure 180.38 127.78 52.61
4. General Corporate Purposes 1,956.48 1982.11 (25.63)
5. Issue Related Expenses 70.00 44.37 25.63
Total 8146.88 8094.27 52.61
 There has been no deviation or variation in the utilisation 
of the Net Proceeds from the objects stated in the Letter 
of Offer, and there has been no change in the objects of 
the Rights Issue.
 Out of the Gross Proceeds of H8146.88 Lakhs, an amount 
of H8094.27 Lakhs was deployed during the year under 
review. The balance of H52.61 Lakhs, earmarked towards 
“Capital Expenditure - Purchase and Installation of new 
HVAC” could not be deployed within Fiscal 2025-26 
as the installation required a shutdown of the plant at 
the manufacturing facility at Tarapur, which had to be 
scheduled so as to minimise disruption to production. 
The shutdown was accordingly taken in June 2026 and the 
installation was completed during that period. Pending 
deployment, the said amount was held in fixed deposits 
with the Company’s bankers, and the interest earned 
thereon was also applied towards the same object.
 In terms of the Letter of Offer, which provided for 
utilisation in the next fiscal year in such an event, the Board 
determined that the said amount be deployed in Fiscal 2026-
27 towards the same object. The amount has since been fully 
deployed in June 2026, and the Monitoring Agency, in its 
report for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, has confirmed 
full utilisation of the net proceeds of the Rights Issue.
Annual Report 2025-26
38


===== PAGE 30 =====
9. DIVIDEND
 With a view to conserve resources for expansion of business, 
the Directors of the Company have considered it prudent 
not to recommend any dividend for the year under review.
 The Company has formulated a Dividend Distribution 
Policy in accordance with Regulation 43A of the Listing 
Regulations and the same is available on the Company’s 
website at www.valiantlabs.in.
10. TRANSFER TO RESERVES
 During the year under review the Company has not 
transferred any amount of profit to the reserves.
11. DETAILS OF HOLDING/ SUBSIDIARY/ 
ASSOCIATE/ JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES
 As on March 31, 2026, the Company has 1 (One) wholly 
owned subsidiary, namely Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (VASPL). 
 In accordance with the provisions of the Act, read with the 
Listing Regulations and the relevant Indian Accounting 
Standards (“Ind AS”), the Board of Directors at its meeting 
held on May 14, 2026, approved the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 
31, 2026, which forms an integral part of this Annual Report.
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, the 
financial statements of the Company, consolidated financial 
statements and separate audited financial statements in 
respect of subsidiary company are available on the website 
of the Company at www.valiantlabs.in. The same shall 
also be sent to the shareholders electronically who request 
for the same by sending e-mail to Company at investor@
valiantlabs.in from their registered e-mail address.
 A statement in Form AOC-1 as required under Section 129 
(3) of the Act, containing salient features of the financial 
statements of the subsidiary company is forming part of 
this Report in Annexure- I.
12. MATERIAL SUBSIDIARY
 In line with the provisions of Regulation 16(1)(c) of the 
Listing Regulations, VASPL falls under the purview of 
a material subsidiary of the Company for FY 2025-26 
and, based on the audited accounts for FY 2025-26, will 
continue to be a material subsidiary for FY 2026-27. The 
Board of Directors of the Company has approved a Policy 
for determining material subsidiaries which is in line with 
the requirements of Listing Regulations. The said Policy is 
available on the Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in. 
13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 The Company has formulated a policy on the Related Party 
Transactions and the same is available on the Company’s 
website at www.valiantlabs.in. 
 All the related party transactions are placed before the 
Audit Committee for their review and approval. Omnibus 
approval is obtained for the transactions which are repetitive 
in nature and for the transactions which are not foreseen 
(subject to financial limit). A statement of all related party 
transactions is presented before the Audit Committee on 
a quarterly basis specifying the nature, value and terms & 
conditions of the transactions. 
 All transactions entered with related parties during 
the Financial Year 2025-26 were in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the Act, read with the relevant 
rules made thereunder, the Listing Regulations and the 
Company’s policy on related party transactions. 
 Further, particulars of contracts/arrangements entered 
into by the Company with related parties referred to in 
sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Act, which were not at 
arm's length basis or which were material transactions on 
an arm's length basis, as specified under the provisions of 
Section 134(3)(h) of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014, are disclosed in Form AOC-2, 
forming part of this report as Annexure-II.
14. EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN
 The Annual Return of the Company as on March 31, 
2026, in Form MGT-7 in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 92(3) and Section 134 (3) (a) of the Act and Rule 
12 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, is available on the Company’s website at www.
valiantlabs.in. 
15. PARTICULARS OF CONSERVATION OF 
ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO
 Information pursuant to Section 134(3) (m) of the Act read 
with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is 
forming part of this report as Annexure- III. 
16. PARTICULARS OF DEPOSITS 
 The Company has not accepted any deposits within the 
meaning of Sections 73 of the Act, read with Rule 2(c) 
of the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modifications or re-enactments 
for the time being in force). Accordingly, there were no 
deposits outstanding as on March 31, 2026. Therefore, the 
requirement to disclose details of deposits which are not 
in compliance with Chapter V of the Act is not applicable 
to the Company.
17. LOANS, GUARANTEES AND INVESTMENTS
 Pursuant to Section 186 of the Act and Schedule V of the 
Listing Regulations, disclosure on particulars relating 
to Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Investments are 
provided as part of the financial statements.
39
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 31 =====
18. BOARD OF DIRECTORS & KEY MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL
 As on March 31, 2026, the Company has 7 (Seven) Directors 
with an optimum combination of Executive and Non- 
Executive Directors including 1 (One) Independent Woman 
Director. The Board comprises of 5 (Five) Non-Executive 
Directors, out of which 3 (Three) are Independent Directors. 
During the year under review, the Board met 6 (Six) times 
on May 20, 2025, July 09, 2025, August 08, 2025, November 
11, 2025, February 11, 2026 and March 07, 2026.
 During the year under review, the Non-Executive 
Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship 
or transactions with the Company, other than sitting fees, 
commission and reimbursement of expenses, if any.
 Retirement by Rotation
 In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, 
read with provisions contained in the Articles of Association 
of the Company, Mr. Sandeep Gupta (DIN:09245060) shall 
be liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company and, being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment. The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and the Board has recommended 
his re-appointment.
 Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations read 
with Secretarial Standards- II on General Meetings necessary 
details of Directors appointed on the Board of the Company 
are provided in Annexure- VII to the notice of the AGM.
 Appointments and Resignations
 Appointments
 During the year under review, the following changes took 
place in the composition of the Board of Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company:
 Mr. Akshay Gangurde (ACS: 70561) was appointed 
as the Company Secretary, Compliance Officer, and 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company with effect 
from July 09, 2025.
 Further, the Board of Directors and its Committees, at their 
respective meeting(s) held on August 10, 2026, approved 
reappointment of:
	 Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN:07633923), Managing director 
of the Company for a further term of five (5) years, with 
effect from February 06, 2027 subject to the approval of 
members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
	 Ms. Sonal Vira (DIN:09505883), Independent 
Director of the Company for a second term of five (5) 
consecutive years, with effect from February 16, 2027 
subject to the approval of members at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting.
 In this regard, the requisite details of Mr. Santosh Vora 
and Ms. Sonal Vira, pursuant to Regulation 36 of the 
Listing Regulations, read with Secretarial Standard–2 on 
General Meetings, are provided in Annexure VII to the 
Notice of the AGM.
 The Company has received the requisite declarations 
from Ms. Sonal Vira confirming that she meets the criteria 
of independence as prescribed under the Act and the 
Listing Regulations.
 Resignations
 Ms. Prajakta Patil (ACS: 53370) resigned from the position 
of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer with effect 
from June 15, 2025, to pursue alternate career opportunity.
 Director(s) Disclosure
 Based on the declarations and confirmations received from 
the Directors, none of the Directors of the Company are 
disqualified from being appointed/ continuing as Directors 
of the Company.
 A certificate of non - disqualification of directors obtained 
from M/s. Mehta & Mehta is provided as Annexure II to 
the Report on Corporate Governance.
 Independent Directors’ Declaration
 The Company has received the necessary declaration 
from each Independent Director stating that they meet the 
criteria of independence as laid out in Section 149(6) and 
149(7) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) and 25(8) of the 
Listing Regulations. The Company has also received from 
them declaration of compliance of Rule 6 (1) & (2) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) 
Rules, 2014, regarding online registration with the ''Indian 
Institute of Corporate Affairs'' at Manesar, for inclusion of 
name in the data bank of Independent Directors. 
 Familiarisation Programme
 The Company has conducted Familiarisation programmes 
for the Independent Directors of the Company covering 
the matters a specified in Regulation 25(7) of the Listing 
Regulations. The details of the training and familiarisation 
programmes conducted by the Company are hosted on the 
Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in.
 Annual Evaluation of Directors, Committees and 
Board
 Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and as per the 
Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors carried out 
annual performance evaluation of its own performance, 
the directors individually as well as the working of 
its committees. 
 The performance of the Board as a whole and of its 
committees was evaluated by the Board through 
structured questionnaire which covered various aspects 
such as the composition and quality, meetings and 
procedures, contribution to Board processes, effectiveness 
of the functions allocated, relationship with management, 
professional development, adequacy, appropriateness and 
timeliness of information etc.
 Taking into consideration the responses received from the 
Individual Directors to the questionnaire, performance of 
the Board and its Committees was evaluated. The Directors 
expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process.
Annual Report 2025-26
40


===== PAGE 32 =====
 In terms of requirements of Schedule IV of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 1 (One) meeting of 
the Independent Directors was held on February 11, 
2026 to review:
 (i) The performance of non-independent directors and 
the Board as a whole and its committees thereof; 
 (ii) The performance of the Chairperson of the Company, 
taking into account the views of executive directors 
and non- executive directors;
 (iii) To assess the quality, quantity and timeliness 
of the flow of information between the 
Management and the Board.
 Performance evaluation of Independent Directors was done 
by the entire Board, excluding the Independent Director 
being evaluated.
 Statement regarding opinion of the Board with regard 
to integrity, expertise and experience (including the 
proficiency) of the Independent Directors appointed 
during the year: 
 With regard to integrity, expertise and experience 
(including the proficiency) of the Independent Directors 
appointed during the year under review, the Board of 
Directors have taken on record the declarations and 
confirmations submitted by the Independent Directors and 
is of the opinion that each Independent Director is a person 
of integrity and possesses relevant expertise and experience 
and his/her continued association as Director will be of 
immense benefit and in the best interest of the Company.
 Regarding proficiency of the Independent Directors, 
ascertained from the online proficiency self-assessment test 
conducted by the institute, as notified under sub-section 
(1) of section 150 of the Act, the Board of Directors have 
taken on record the information submitted by Independent 
Director that he/she has complied with the applicable laws.
 Key Managerial Personnel
 In accordance with the provisions of Sections 2(51) and 
203 of the Act, read with the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014, the following are the Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company: 
 (i) Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director;
 (ii) Mr. Paresh Shah, Whole-Time Director & Chief 
Financial Officer; 
 (iii) Mr. Akshay Gangurde, Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer (appointed w.e.f. July 09, 2025);
 (iv) Ms. Prajakta Patil, Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer (resigned w.e.f. June 15, 2025)
19. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 The Company has constituted various Board level 
committees in accordance with the requirements of the Act 
and the Listing Regulations. The Board has the following 
committees as under:
	 Audit Committee
	 Nomination and Remuneration Committee
	 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
	 Risk Management Committee
	 Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
	 Rights Issue Committee (dissolved on 
November 11, 2025) 
	 Restructuring Committee (w.e.f. March 07, 2026)
 Details of the Statutory Committees along with composition 
and meetings held during the year under review are 
provided in the Corporate Governance Report forming part 
of this Report.
20. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
 Pursuant to Section 134(3) and 134(5) of the Act, Directors of 
the Company confirm that:
 a. in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable 
accounting standards have been followed along with 
proper explanation relating to material departures; 
 b. the Directors have selected appropriate accounting 
policies and applied them consistently and made 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and 
prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state 
of affairs of the company at the end of the financial 
year and of the profit and loss of the company 
for that period;
 c. the Directors have taken proper and sufficient 
care for the maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of this 
Act for safeguarding the assets of the company 
and for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities;
 d. the annual accounts have been prepared on a 
going concern basis;
 e. the Directors have laid down proper internal financial 
controls to be followed by the company and that 
such internal financial controls are adequate and are 
operating effectively; and
 f. the Directors have devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable 
laws and that such systems are adequate and are 
operating effectively.
41
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 33 =====
21. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
WITH REFERENCE TO THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
 Internal Financial Controls are an integral part of the risk 
management process which in turn is a part of Corporate 
Governance addressing financial and financial reporting 
risks. The Internal Financial Controls have been documented 
and embedded in the business processes. The Company’s 
approach on Corporate Governance has been detailed in the 
Corporate Governance Report. The Company has deployed 
the principles enunciated therein to ensure adequacy of 
Internal Financial Controls with reference to:
	 Effectiveness and efficiency of operations
	 Reliability of financial reporting
	 Compliance with applicable laws and regulations
	 Prevention and detection of frauds
	 Safeguarding of assets
 The Company has defined policies and standard operating 
procedures for all key business processes to guide business 
operations in an ethical and compliant manner. Compliance 
of these policies is ensured through periodic self-assessment 
as well as internal and statutory audits. The Company has 
robust systems which are an integral part of internal control 
framework. The Company continues to constantly leverage 
technology in enhancing the internal controls.
 The Audit Committee of the Board reviews the internal 
processes, systems and the internal financial controls 
and accordingly, the Directors’ Responsibility Statement 
contains a confirmation as regards adequacy of the 
internal financial controls. Assurances on the effectiveness 
of Internal Financial Controls is obtained through 
management reviews, self-assessment, continuous 
monitoring by functional heads as well as testing of the 
internal financial control systems by the internal auditors 
during the course of their audits. The Company believes 
that these systems provide reasonable assurance that the 
internal financial controls are designed effectively and are 
operating as intended.
 The Statutory Auditor’s Reports on Internal Financial 
Controls as required under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of 
Section 143 of the Act is annexed with the Independent 
Auditors’ Report.
 In the opinion of the Board, there are no elements of risk 
identified which may threaten the existence of the Company.
22. VIGIL MECHANISM/ WHISTLE BLOWER 
POLICY
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 177(9) of the Act read 
with Rule 7 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its 
Powers) Rules, 2014, and in accordance with Regulation 22 
of the Listing Regulations, the Company had adopted ‘Vigil 
Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy’ for Directors, Employees 
and other Stakeholders of the Company to report concerns 
about unethical behaviour. The policy provides a mechanism, 
which ensures adequate safeguards to Employees, Directors 
and other stakeholders from any victimisation on raising 
concerns of any violations of legal or regulatory requirements, 
incorrect or misrepresentation of any, financial statements 
and reports, and so on. The employees of the Company have 
the right/option to report their concern/grievance to the 
Chairman of the Audit Committee.
 During the year under review, the Company has not 
received any complaints.
 The Company is committed to adhere to the highest 
standards of ethical, moral and legal conduct of business 
operations. The Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy is 
available on the Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in.
23. RISK MANAGEMENT
 For the Company, Risk Management is an integral and 
important aspect of Corporate Governance. The Company 
believes that a robust Risk Management Framework 
ensures adequate controls and monitoring mechanisms 
for smooth and efficient running of the business. A 
risk- aware organization is better equipped to maximize 
shareholder value.
 The risk management objectives of the company are: -
	 To safeguard the Company's and its subsidiaries' 
property & interest of all stakeholders.
	 To protect and enhance the corporate governance.
	 To manage risks within a framework & consistently 
achieve desired outcomes.
	 To implement a process to identify potential /
emerging risks.
	 To implement appropriate risk management initiatives, 
controls, incident monitoring, reviews and continuous 
improvement initiatives.
	 To minimize undesirable outcomes arising out of 
potential risks.
	 To align and integrate views of risk across the enterprise.
 To ensure protection of shareholder value through the 
establishment of an integrated Risk Management Framework 
for identifying, assessing, mitigating, monitoring, 
evaluating and reporting of all risks and to continually 
strive towards strengthening the Risk Management 
System through continuous learning and improvement, 
the company, in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
and Listing Regulations, has formulated a risk management 
policy which is available on the website of the company at 
www.valiantlabs.in. 
 Risk management process: -
 The Company’s Risk Management Process encompasses 
the following steps:
1
Risk  
Identification
4
2
5
3
6
Root Cause  
Analysis
Risk  
Scoring
Risk  
Categorisation
Risk  
Mitigation
Risk  
Monitoring &  
Reporting
Annual Report 2025-26
42


===== PAGE 34 =====
24. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
 As the Company does not fall under any of the threshold 
limits given under the provisions of Section 135 of the 
Act, the compliances under CSR are not applicable 
to the Company. 
 The Company’s CSR Policy has been uploaded on 
Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in. 
 The brief terms of reference, particulars of meetings 
held and attendance thereat are mentioned in the 
Corporate Governance Report forming an integral part of 
this Annual Report.
25. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION 
POLICY
 In compliance with the requirements of Act and Rules 
made thereunder, the Company has framed a Nomination 
and Remuneration Policy for its Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel, Functional Heads and other employees 
of the Company.
 Salient Features of the Nomination & Remuneration 
Policy
	 Establishes criteria for appointment, re-appointment 
and removal of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
(KMPs) and Senior Management Personnel.
	 Prescribes qualifications, competencies, experience, 
integrity and independence requirements 
for appointment to the Board and senior 
leadership positions. 
	 Provides for succession planning and promotes Board 
diversity in terms of gender, experience, knowledge 
and perspective. 
	 Lays down a framework for performance evaluation of 
Directors, KMPs and Senior Management Personnel. 
	 Ensures that remuneration is fair, competitive, 
performance-linked and aligned with the Company's 
long-term objectives and business strategy. 
	 Remuneration structure comprises fixed pay, 
performance-linked incentives, stock options, long-
term incentives, retirement benefits and other 
perquisites, as applicable. 
	 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
reviews and recommends remuneration policies, 
Board composition and leadership succession 
matters to the Board. 
	 Provides for periodic review of compensation 
levels with reference to industry benchmarks and 
organizational performance. 
	 Ensures compliance with the Companies Act, 
2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
 The policy is available on the website of the Company at 
www.valiantlabs.in 
26. DISCLOSURES UNDER SEXUAL 
HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE 
(PREVENTION, PROHIBITION & REDRESSAL) 
ACT 2013
 In compliance with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment 
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013, (“POSH Act”) and Rules framed 
thereunder, the Company has formulated and implemented 
a policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal of 
complaints related to sexual harassment of women 
at the workplace.
 The Company is committed to providing a safe and 
conducive work environment to all its employees and 
associates. All women employees whether permanent, 
temporary or contractual are covered under the above 
policy. The said policy is available on the website of the 
Company for information of all employees at www.
valiantlabs.in. An Internal Complaints Committee has been 
set up in compliance with the POSH Act.
 Details of complaints received during the year under review 
under POSH Act are as under:
 a.  Number of complaints filed during the 
financial year: NIL.
 b. Number of complaints disposed of during the 
financial year: NIL.
 c. Number of complaints pending as on end of the 
financial year: NIL.
27. COMPLIANCE WITH PROVISIONS OF 
MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT, 1961
 Your Company has complied with the provisions of 
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961. 
28. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND 
EMPLOYEES
 Disclosure comprising particulars with respect to the 
remuneration of directors and employees, as required to 
be disclosed in terms of the provisions of Section 197(12) 
of the Act and Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
(Appointment and Remuneration Rules, 2014) is given as 
Annexure – IV forming part of this report.
 Further, for the details of employee remuneration as 
required under provisions of Section 197 of the Act read 
with Rule 5(2) & 5(3) of Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the 
members may write to the Company Secretary in this 
regard at investor@valiantlabs.in 
 Remuneration / Commission drawn from Holding / 
Subsidiary Company:
 None of the Directors of the Company have drawn any 
remuneration/commission from the Company’s Holding 
Company/ Subsidiary Companies.
43
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 35 =====
29. BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING (BRSR)
 The Listing Regulations stipulate that the top 1000 listed 
companies by market capitalization must include a 
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR) 
in their Annual Report. This requirement aims to 
enhance transparency and accountability regarding the 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices of 
these companies. However, the Company is not ranked 
among the top 1000 listed entities for the FY 2025-26. 
Consequently, the company is not required to include the 
BRSR in the Annual Report for this period. However, the 
Company as a good governance practice has disclosed 
certain EHS related initiatives taken by the Company which 
can be referred to under the title Environment, Health and 
Safety (EHS) in clause 30 of this Report.
30. ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY (EHS)
 The Company recognizes the pivotal role of EHS in shaping 
the operations and upholding commitment to sustainability 
and responsible corporate citizenship. This encapsulates 
the key EHS highlights during the year under review, 
underscoring the company’s dedication to fostering a culture 
of excellence in environmental stewardship, employee well-
being, and safety across the chemical industry.
 As part of our continued commitment to sustainability, 
employee well-being, and regulatory compliance, Valiant 
Laboratories Limited has taken several key initiatives under 
the Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) program during 
the Financial Year 2025-26:
 1. Environment 
  a) Process Containment and Environmental 
Safeguards
	 All pipelines connected to the Acetic 
Anhydride storage tank were fitted with 
flange covers/guards, strengthening 
containment and reducing the risk of leaks.
	 Carbon separation was relocated to 
a dedicated, fully covered enclosure, 
improving containment and ambient air 
quality around the operation.
	 The arrangement of old and active pipelines 
across the facility was streamlined to 
prevent incorrect connections and improve 
overall process safety.
	 The temporary shed was replaced with 
a permanent structure to provide better 
structural safety, weather protection and 
long-term operational reliability.
  b) Waste Management
   Waste segregation practices were followed 
across the facility, with hazardous waste and 
e-waste disposed of through authorized vendors 
in accordance with applicable regulations.
  c) Energy and Water Conservation
   The Company continued its energy and water 
conservation initiatives during the year, 
including arrangements to ensure continuous 
availability of drinking water for the workforce 
during interruptions to the regular water supply.
  d) Environmental Awareness and Green Belt 
Development
   50+ trees were planted in the green belt and 
garden areas in and around the facility during 
the year, reinforcing the Company’s commitment 
to long-term ecological balance.
 2. Health 
  a) Occupational Health Centre (OHC)
	 The Occupational Health Centre maintained 
first-aid boxes and stretchers during the 
year, with personnels trained in first aid by 
an authorized first-aid trainer.
	 Periodic health check-ups were conducted, 
first-aid facilities and health records 
were maintained and kept updated, and 
no occupational illness was reported 
during the year.
	 Specialized external training, including CPR 
training, was conducted for employees.
  b) Employee Welfare
   The Company ensured continuous availability 
of drinking water for the workforce, including 
arrangements to safeguard hydration and 
welfare of contract labour during interruptions 
to the water supply.
 3. Safety 
  a) Workplace Safety Training
	 Structured monthly safety training was 
conducted in line with the Safety Training 
Calendar, covering topics including 
Material Handling & MSDS, First Aid, 
PPE usage and health hygiene, general 
workplace safety, and fire extinguisher use.
	 External training sessions, including on fire 
extinguisher and fire hydrant systems, were 
conducted by qualified external trainers.
	 Regular toolbox talks were conducted 
across departments – Production, 
Maintenance, Stores and Quality Control – 
reinforcing day-to-day safety awareness on 
the shop floor.
	 Gate safety checks were conducted  
every month.
Annual Report 2025-26
44


===== PAGE 36 =====
 b) Work Permit System
  A structured work permit system continued to govern 
General, Height, Hot, Confined Space, Hazardous and 
Electrical work, ensuring controlled execution of high-
risk activities across the facility.
 c) Incident and Accident Performance
  The Company maintained Zero Lost Time Injury (LTI) 
and Zero Medical Treatment Case (MTC) during the 
year, with no fatal accidents reported.
  Near-miss incidents and unsafe acts/conditions 
continued to be proactively reported and tracked, 
with corrective and preventive actions implemented 
in each instance.
 d) Emergency Preparedness
  Mock drills were conducted during the year, including 
a plant-wide emergency drill and a dedicated mock 
drill on electric shock emergency response covering 
safe rescue techniques, power isolation and first-aid 
procedures. Reports of the drills conducted were 
submitted to the Directorate of Industrial Safety 
and Health (DISH).
 e) Safety Week
  Safety Week was celebrated with full participation 
from employees and contract workers, comprising fire 
hydrant training, fire extinguisher training, and poster, 
PPE, slogan and quiz competitions, to strengthen the 
Company’s overall safety culture.
 f) Housekeeping
  A facility-wide cleaning drive was carried out jointly 
by staff and contract workers to improve overall 
premises hygiene.
 Valiant Laboratories Limited continues to prioritize 
EHS as an integral part of its operational ethos, striving 
to build a resilient, sustainable, and safe workplace for 
all stakeholders.
31. EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN (ESOP)
 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the 
Board of Directors, at their respective meetings held on 
January 4, 2023, approved the "Valiant Laboratories – 
Employees Stock Option Plan – 2023" ("the Plan") and 
the grant of Employee Stock Options to employees of the 
Company's subsidiary under the Plan.
 The Plan, together with the proposed grant of stock options 
to employees of the subsidiary company, was subsequently 
approved by the shareholders of the Company at their 
meeting held on January 20, 2023.
 The Plan was approved prior to the Initial Public Offering 
("IPO") of the Company, i.e., at a time when the equity shares 
of the Company were not listed on any recognised stock 
exchange. Pursuant to the listing of the Company's equity 
shares, the Plan has not been listed on the Stock Exchanges 
in terms of the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, and as on the date of this 
Report, no stock options have been granted under the Plan. 
The Company will make appropriate disclosures in terms 
of the applicable regulations at the time of any future grant 
under the Plan.
32. REPORT ON MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION 
AND ANALYSIS 
 The Report on Management Discussion and Analysis, 
pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34 read with Part 
B of Schedule V of Listing Regulations on the operations of 
the Company, as required under the Listing Regulations is 
provided in a separate section and forms an integral part of 
this Annual Report. 
33. REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Report on Corporate Governance, pursuant to the 
provisions of Regulation 34 read with Part C of Schedule 
V of Listing Regulations on the operations of the Company, 
as required under the Listing Regulations forms an integral 
part of this Annual Report.
34. SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS 
PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS
 During the year under review, the Company received an 
Adjudication Order dated December 26, 2025 from the 
Office of the Assistant Commissioner of CGST & Central 
Excise, Division-IV, Navi Mumbai Commissionerate, 
in relation to alleged wrongful availment of Input Tax 
Credit (ITC) on capital goods for FY 2021–22 on account of 
depreciation claimed on the GST component of such capital 
goods. The adjudicating authority confirmed the demand 
towards alleged wrongful availment of ITC amounting to 
approximately H 57.25 lakhs. The Company has filed an 
appeal before the Appellate Authority on March 09, 2026.
 Further, the Company received an Adjudication Order dated 
May 29, 2026, from the Office of the Joint Commissioner, 
CGST & C. Ex., Navi Mumbai Commissionerate, in relation 
to alleged non-payment of GST on a corporate guarantee 
provided to a related party during the FY 2023-24. The 
adjudicating authority confirmed a GST demand of H 18 
Lakhs on the Corporate Guarantee, along with an equal 
penalty of H 18 Lakhs and interest under Section 50(1) of 
the CGST Act, 2017 and the corresponding provisions of 
the SGST Act, 2017. The Company is evaluating all options, 
including filing an appeal against the order before the 
appropriate authority. 
 Further, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, through the 
Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra, vide adjudication 
order dated August 11, 2025, imposed a penalty of H3,45,000 
on the Company and H1,08,000 each on the Managing 
Director, Chief Financial Officer and erstwhile Company 
Secretary under Section 90(11) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Rule 4 of the Companies (Significant 
Beneficial Owners) Rules, 2018 for non-filing of e-Form 
BEN-2. The Company has paid the penalty imposed under 
the said order.
45
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 37 =====
 The Company does not expect these above matters to have 
a material impact on its financial position or operations.
 Except for the above, no material orders were passed by 
any regulators, courts, or tribunals during the year which 
could impact the Company’s going concern status or its 
future operations.
 However, Members’ attention is invited to the statement 
on contingent liabilities provided in the notes to the 
Financial Statements.
35. MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, 
IF ANY, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL 
POSITION OF THE COMPANY WHICH 
OCCURRED BETWEEN THE END OF THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR OF THE COMPANY AND 
THE DATE OF THE REPORT
 There were no material changes or commitments affecting the 
financial position of the Company that occurred between the 
end of the financial year and the date of this Report except that 
the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 16, 2026, 
approved the evaluation of potential restructuring options 
involving the Company, its holding company, subsidiaries and 
associates, with a view to achieving operational efficiencies, 
organizational alignment and strategic synergies. As on the 
date of this Report, no definitive decision has been taken and 
the evaluation process remains ongoing. 
36. DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR 
ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE 
INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 
2016 
 During the year under review, there was no application 
made and proceeding initiated/ pending by any Financial 
and/or Operational Creditors against your Company under 
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“the Code”). 
Further, there is no application or proceeding pending 
against your Company under the Code.
37. ONE-TIME SETTLEMENT WITH ANY BANK 
OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
 During the year under review, there was no instance of one-
time settlement with any bank or financial institution.
38. TRANSFER OF UNPAID/UNCLAIMED 
DIVIDEND TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND 
PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
 During the year under review, there was no requirement of 
transferring any unpaid/unclaimed dividend to IEPF.
39. AUDITORS AND REPORT OF THE AUDITORS
 Statutory Auditor
 As per the provisions of Section 139 and 141 of the Act 
and rules made thereunder, the Company at its 3 rd Annual 
General Meeting(“AGM”) held on August 08, 2024, 
approved the appointment of M/s. Raman S. Shah & Co.,  
Chartered Accountants (FRN:111919W) as Statutory 
Auditor for a period of 5 years commencing from the 
conclusion of (3rd AGM) till the conclusion of the (8th AGM) 
to be held in the year of 2028-29.
 The Report of the Auditors is provided in a separate 
section and forms an integral part of this Annual Report. 
The Statutory Auditor’s report does not contain any 
qualification, reservation or adverse remark for the 
year under review.
 During the year under review, there were no instances of 
fraud which requires the Statutory Auditors to report the 
same to the Central Government under Section 143(12) of 
the Act and rules framed thereunder.
 Cost Auditor
 As per the requirements of the Section 148 of the Act read 
with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 
as amended from time to time, the Company is required 
to maintain cost records and accordingly, such accounts 
are prepared and records have been maintained relating to 
Drugs and Pharmaceuticals division.
 The Board of Directors at their meeting held on May 14, 
2026, on the recommendation of Audit Committee, has re-
appointed M/s. Ketki D. Visariya & Co., Cost Accountants, 
(Firm Registration Number: 000362) as the Cost Auditor of 
the Company to audit the cost accounts of the Company’s 
Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Division for the FY 2026-27. 
 As required under the Act, a resolution seeking member’s 
ratification for the remuneration payable to the Cost 
Auditor forms part of the Notice convening the Annual 
General Meeting.
 Secretarial Auditor
 As per the provisions of Section 204 of the Act and rules 
made thereunder, the Company at its 4 th Annual General 
Meeting(“AGM”) held on September 25, 2025, approved the 
appointment of M/s Mehta & Mehta, Practicing Company 
Secretaries (ICSI Firm Registration No. P1996MH007500) 
as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company for a term of 5 
(five) consecutive years, commencing from FY 2025-26 to 
the FY 2029-30.
 The Secretarial Audit Report (MR-3) issued by M/s Mehta 
& Mehta, Practicing Company Secretaries is forming part of 
this report as Annexure- V.
 Further, pursuant to Regulation 24A of Listing Regulations 
read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024; the Annual 
Secretarial Compliance Report of the Company, issued 
by M/s Mehta & Mehta, Practicing Company Secretaries, 
is also available on the website of the Company at www.
valiantlabs.in. 
 The Secretarial Audit Report and Annual Secretarial 
Compliance Report for FY 2025-26 do not contain any 
qualification, reservation or adverse remark. However, the 
Reports contain the following observation.
Annual Report 2025-26
46


===== PAGE 38 =====
 During the period under review, the Company has complied with 
the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and 
Standards mentioned above, except for delay in prior intimation 
of the Rights Issue Committee Meeting held on July 15, 2025, 
under Regulation 29(1)(d) read with Regulation 29(2) of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, for which notices were received from 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and 
the applicable fine was paid by the Company.
 Management/Board Response: The non-compliance was not 
deliberate and arose due to scheduling constraints, as the Rights 
Issue Committee meeting was held only after receipt of the in-
principle approvals from the Stock Exchanges. The Company 
acted in good faith and paid the fine of H 11,800 each (inclusive of 
GST) imposed by BSE and NSE on 20 August 2025 within the 
prescribed timelines.
 Further, pursuant to Regulation 24A of the Listing 
Regulations, the Secretarial Audit of the Unlisted Indian 
Material Subsidiaries of the Company identified in terms 
of Regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations viz. 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (‘VASPL’) was 
conducted by M/s Mehta & Mehta, Practicing Company 
Secretaries. The Secretarial Audit Report of VASPL is 
annexed to this Report as Annexure V-A.
40. SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
 During the year under review, the Company has complied 
with all the applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India and approved by 
the Central Government pursuant to Section 118 of the Act.
41. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
 The Board of directors takes this opportunity to thank 
Company’s employees at all levels for their hard work and 
commitment. The Directors would like to express their 
grateful appreciation for the assistance and support received 
from the Shareholders, Government Authorities, Auditors, 
Financial Institutions, Customers, Employees, Suppliers, 
other business associates and various other stakeholders. 
The Board looks forward for continued support of all these 
partners in the future.
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
Place: Mumbai DIN: 07633923
Date: August 10, 2026
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
47
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 39 =====
Annexure “I” to the Report of the Board of Directors
FORM NO. AOC- 1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or Joint 
ventures
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited – Wholly Owned Subsidiary
Sr. 
No. Particulars Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited 
1 The date since when subsidiary was acquired July 08, 2022
2 Share capital H 3.12 Lakhs
3 Reserves and Surplus H 15,615.30 Lakhs
4 Total Assets H 27,918.32 Lakhs
5 Total Liabilities H 12,299.91 Lakhs
6 Investments H 11.38 Lakhs
7 Turnover H 4,164.86 Lakhs
8 Profit before taxation H (675.73) Lakhs
9 Provision for taxation H 205.88 Lakhs
10 Profit after taxation H (881.61) Lakhs
11 Proposed Dividend NIL
12 Extent of shareholding (in percentage) 100%
1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: - NIL
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: - NIL
PART-B
Associates and Joint Ventures
Note: (i) The Company does not have any associate/ joint venture company as on March 31, 2026.
  (ii) Names of the associate or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations - NIL
  (iii) Names of the associate or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year – NIL
For Raman S Shah & Co
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Sd/-
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 14, 2026
Sd/-
Santosh Vora
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Sd/-
Paresh Shah
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Sd/-
Akshay Gangurde
Company Secretary
ICSI M. No.: A70561
Annual Report 2025-26
48


===== PAGE 40 =====
Annexure “II” to the Report of the Board of Directors
FORM NO. AOC- 2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred to in sub-
section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm's length basis: 
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the 
related party 
and nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements or 
transactions including 
the value, if any
Justification for 
entering into 
such contracts or 
arrangements or 
transactions
Date of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
Date on which the 
special resolution 
was passed in general 
meeting as required 
under first proviso to 
section 188
1. Valiant 
Advanced 
Sciences 
Private Limited 
(Wholly 
Owned 
Subsidiary)
Commission 
charged on 
Corporate 
Guarantee
Continuous 
Basis
Valiant Laboratories 
Ltd. has provided a 
Corporate Guarantee 
of H 100 crores for 
credit facilities availed 
by Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private Limited. 
Commission receivable 
for providing Corporate 
Guarantee amounts to  
H 10,000/- per annum.
The commission 
is reasonable 
and justified 
considering the 
wholly owned 
subsidiary 
relationship and 
the strategic and 
financial support 
extended.
February 10, 
2026
None N.A as the transaction 
is not material
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm's length basis:
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the related 
party and nature of 
relationship
Nature of contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Salient terms of the contracts 
or arrangements or transactions 
including the value, if any
Date of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
1. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Sale of goods/services Continuous Basis Contract for Sale of Goods shall be on 
a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 10 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
2. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Purchase of goods/ 
services
Continuous Basis Contract for Purchase of Goods shall be 
on a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 200 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
3. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Investment by Valiant 
Laboratories Limited
One Time To acquire shares in Valiant Advance 
Science Private Limited (WOS) of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited for an 
amount not exceeding H 300 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
4. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Rent Continuous Basis Rent expected to be received by Valiant 
Laboratories Limited from Valiant 
Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
during the financial year 2025-26 for an 
amount not exceeding H 1 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
5. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Other Reimbursements Continuous Basis Reimbursement on actual cost basis 
during the financial year 2025-26 for an 
amount not exceeding H 2 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
6. Valiant Organics Limited 
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Sale of goods/services Continuous Basis Contract for Sale of Goods shall be on 
a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 50 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
49
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 41 =====
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the related 
party and nature of 
relationship
Nature of contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Salient terms of the contracts 
or arrangements or transactions 
including the value, if any
Date of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
7. Valiant Organics Limited
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Purchase of goods/ 
services
Continuous Basis Contract for Purchase of Goods shall be 
on a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 300 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
8. Valiant Organics Limited
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Leasing Continuous Basis Leasing of property during the
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 1 crore
May 14, 2024 NIL
9. Valiant Organics Limited
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Commission Continuous Basis Commission expected to be received 
by Valiant Laboratories Limited from 
Valiant Organics Limited during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 1 crore
May 14, 2024 NIL
10. Valiant Organics Limited 
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Other Services Continuous Basis To avail/render any other service 
during the financial year 2025-26 for an 
amount not exceeding H 1 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
11. Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
(Other Related Company)
Sale of goods/services Continuous Basis Contract for Sale of Goods shall be on 
a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 7 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
12. Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
(Other Related Company)
Purchase of goods/ 
services
Continuous Basis Contract for Purchase of Goods shall be 
on a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 7 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
13. Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
(Other Related Company)
Rent Continuous Basis Rent expected to be received by 
Valiant Laboratories Limited from 
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 5 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
14. Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
(Other Related Company)
Other Reimbursements Continuous Basis Reimbursement on actual cost basis 
during the financial year 2025-26 for an 
amount not exceeding H 10 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
For and on behalf of the Board
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953 
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
Annual Report 2025-26
50


===== PAGE 42 =====
Annexure ‘III’ to the Report of the Board of Directors
Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo 
Pursuant to Provisions of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 8 (3) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
(A) Conservation of Energy 
 (i) The steps taken or impact on conservation of 
energy 
  The Company continued its efforts towards efficient 
utilisation of energy resources across its manufacturing 
operations. During the year, various energy and 
utility conservation measures were implemented 
and monitored on a regular basis. Continuous 
monitoring of equipment and utilities was carried 
out to optimise energy consumption. The Company 
also continued its water conservation initiatives and 
ensured uninterrupted availability of drinking water 
for its workforce. In addition, the Company continued 
initiatives aimed at reducing carbon emissions and 
improving operational efficiency.
 (ii) The steps taken by the Company for utilizing 
alternate sources of energy
  The Company continued to use energy-efficient LED 
lighting fixtures across its manufacturing facilities and 
offices. The management is also evaluating further 
measures to reduce energy consumption and improve 
environmental performance through sustainable 
operational practices.
 (iii) The capital investment on energy conservation 
equipment.
  During the year under review, the Company 
has not made any capital investment in energy 
conservation equipment. 
(B) Technology Absorption 
 (i) The efforts made towards technology absorption 
  The Company continued to focus on process 
improvements, operational safety and environmental 
management through adoption of improved 
engineering controls and process containment 
measures. During the year, the carbon separation 
activity was shifted to a dedicated enclosed area and 
additional safeguards were implemented on the storage 
pipelines of a key raw material used in the Company's 
manufacturing process, to strengthen process safety and 
operational efficiency. The Company also continued its 
resource circularity initiative, wherein a by-product 
generated during its manufacturing operations is 
transferred to a group company for further processing 
into an intermediate, which is subsequently converted 
into a key raw material used in the Company's own 
manufacturing operations, thereby reducing waste 
generation and supporting the Company's carbon 
emission reduction efforts.
 (ii) The benefits derived like product improvement, 
cost reduction, product development or import 
substitution 
  The process improvement initiatives undertaken by 
the Company contributed towards enhanced process 
safety, improved environmental controls, reduction 
in operational risks and improved workplace 
conditions. The Company also continued to focus on 
reducing carbon emissions and improving operational 
efficiency. The recovery and reuse of process by-
products as a raw material input have further helped 
reduce waste generation and strengthen raw material 
availability for the Company's operations, in addition 
to lowering its carbon footprint. Further, considering 
the installation of MVR and other steam management 
accessories, the company has managed to reduce 
the steam consumption and increase the steam 
condensate recovery, which in turn has contributed in 
reduction of cost.
 (iii) In the case of imported technology (imported 
during the last three years reckoned from the 
beginning of the financial year).
(a) The details of technology imported - NIL
(b) The year of import - NIL
(c) Whether the technology been fully 
absorbed
- NIL
(d) If not fully absorbed, areas where 
absorption has not taken place and the 
reasons thereof
- NIL
 (iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and 
Development
  NIL
(C) Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo 
 Foreign Exchange Earnings – H409.75 Lakhs
 Foreign Exchange Outgo – H5238.61 Lakhs
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
51
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 43 =====
Annexure ‘IV’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
Disclosure pursuant to Section 197 (12) of Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 5 of Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is provided below:
1) The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the 
year 2025-26: 
Name of the Directors Nature of Directorship Ratio
Mr. Santosh Vora Managing Director 8.04:1
Mr. Paresh Shah Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial Officer 4.48:1
Mrs. Sonal Vira Non-Executive Independent Director 0.15:1
Mr. Sandeep Gupta Non-Executive Director 0.07:1
Mr. Shantilal Vora Non-Executive Director 0.18:1
Mr.Ashok Chheda Non-Executive Independent Director 0.11: 1
Mr. Mulesh Savla Non-Executive Independent Director 0.17:1
 Notes: Remuneration paid to above Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Independent Directors consists of sitting fees 
paid for attending the Board / Committee meetings and commission paid to Mr. Shantilal Vora as approved by the shareholders 
of the Company in the 4th Annual General Meeting held on September 25, 2025. No other remuneration was paid to Non-Executive 
Directors and Non-Executive Independent Directors during the year.
2) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company 
Secretary, in the financial year 2025-26: 
Name Designation % Increase in 
remuneration
Mr. Santosh Vora Managing Director 125.95%
Mr. Paresh Shah Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial Officer None
Mr. Akshay Gangurde* Company Secretary Not Applicable
Ms. Prajakta Patil** Company Secretary Not Applicable
 *Mr. Akshay Gangurde was appointed as the Company Secretary with effect from July 09, 2025.
 **Ms. Prajakta Patil resigned from the designation of Company Secretary with effect from June 15, 2025.
3) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year 2025-26: 2.37%
4) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2026: 84 employees.
5) Average percentage increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the 
last financial year and its comparison with the percentage increase in the managerial remuneration and justification 
thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration: 
 The average percentage increase in salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel during FY 2025-26 was 12.47%. 
The average percentage increase in remuneration of managerial personnel during FY 2025-26 was 42.24%. The higher increase in 
managerial remuneration was primarily on account of the revision in remuneration of Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director, from 
H12 Lakhs per annum to H27 Lakhs per annum. Such revision was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting 
held on September 25, 2025. Except for the aforesaid revision, there were no exceptional circumstances warranting any increase 
in managerial remuneration.
6) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company: 
 It is affirmed that the remuneration paid to Directors, Key Managerial Persons and other employees is as per Remuneration Policy 
of the Company.
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
Annual Report 2025-26
52


===== PAGE 44 =====
Annexure ‘V’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
Form MR 3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
For the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2026
(Pursuant to section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)
To,
The Members,
Valiant Laboratories Limited
104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080.
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Valiant Laboratories Limited (CIN: 
L24299MH2021PLC365904) (hereinafter called the company). 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a 
reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s Books, papers, 
Minute Books, Forms and Returns filed and other records 
maintained by the company and also the information provided by 
the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives 
during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that 
in our opinion, the company has, during the Financial year 
ended 31st March, 2026 complied with the statutory provisions 
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in 
the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the Books, papers, Minute books, Forms, 
Statutory Register and returns filed and other records maintained 
by Company, for the period ended on as stated above to 
the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules 
made thereunder; 
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) 
and the Rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder, to the extent applicable
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder, to the extent applicable, 
relating to Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct 
Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
(‘SEBI Act’): -
 a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015; 
 b) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018; to the extent applicable to the Rights Issue of 
equity shares undertaken by the Company during 
the Review Period 
 c) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
 d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the 
Company during the Audit period)
 e) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021; (Not applicable to the Company during 
the Audit period)
 f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and 
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021; (Not applicable to the Company during 
the Audit period)
 g) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client;
 i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to 
the Company during the Audit period)
 j) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;
53
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 45 =====
(vi) We have relied on the representation made by the Company 
and its Officers for systems and mechanism formed by the 
Company, commensurate with the size and operations 
of the company to monitor and ensure compliance with 
applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines. 
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses 
of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, and the listing agreements entered into by the 
Company with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited;
During the period under review, the Company has complied with 
the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and 
Standards mentioned above, except for delay in prior intimation 
of the Rights Issue Committee Meeting held on July 15, 2025 
under Regulation 29(1)(d) read with Regulation 29(2) of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, for which notices were received from 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and 
the applicable fine was paid by the Company.
We further report that based on review of compliance system 
prevailing in the Company, we are of the opinion that the 
Company has adequate systems and processes in place 
commensurate with its size and nature of operations to monitor 
and ensure compliance with the following laws applicable 
specifically to the Company: 
(a) Drugs & Cosmetics Act, 1940 and rules made thereunder; 
(b) Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985;
(c) The Insecticides Act, 1968; 
(d) Explosives Act, 1884 and Rules made thereunder; 
(e) Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981; 
(f) Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974; 
(g) The Noise (Regulation and Control) Rules, 2000; 
(h) Environment Protection Act, 1986 and other 
environmental laws; 
(i) The Indian Boilers Act, 1923 & The Indian Boilers 
Regulations, 1950; 
(j) Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991; and 
(k) Hazardous & Other Wastes (Management and 
Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016.
We further report that, 
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with 
proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors 
and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the 
Board of Directors that took place during the period under review 
were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act. 
Adequate notice was given to all the Directors to schedule the 
Board Meetings, and agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were sent at least seven days in advance. A system exists for 
seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications 
on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful 
participation at the meetings. 
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings were 
carried through by the consent of the requisite majority of the 
members of the Board or Committee, as the case may be, while 
the dissenting members’ views, if any, were captured and 
recorded as part of the minutes of the meetings of the Board of 
Directors or Committees of the Board, as the case may be. 
We further report that during the F.Y. 2025-26, a separate 
meeting of Independent Directors was held, as per the provisions 
of Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 2013.
We further report that the audited financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended 31 st March, 2026 are subject to the 
qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks, if any, contained 
in the Independent Auditors’ Report.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes 
in the company commensurate with the size and operations of 
the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable 
Laws, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines. 
For Mehta & Mehta,
Company Secretaries
(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)
Partner  CS Monali Bhandari
Date: 10.08.2026  UDIN: A027091H001060673 
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date 
which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral part 
of this report.
Annual Report 2025-26
54


===== PAGE 46 =====
To,
The Members,
Valiant Laboratories Limited
104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080.
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of 
the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial 
records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
Annexure A’
For Mehta & Mehta,
Company Secretaries
(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)
Partner  CS Monali Bhandari
Date: 10.08.2026  UDIN: A027091H001060673 
55
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 47 =====
Annexure ‘V-A’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
Form MR-3
 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st March, 2026
[Pursuant to section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
(CIN: U24290MH2022PTC386388)
109, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund 
(West), Mumbai 400080
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private 
Limited (CIN: U24290MH2022PTC386388) (hereinafter called 
the company) which is a wholly owned material subsidiary of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited. Secretarial Audit was conducted 
in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating 
the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing 
our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s Books, papers, 
Minute Books, Forms and Returns filed and other records 
maintained by the company and also the information provided by 
the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives 
during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that 
in our opinion, the company has, during the Financial year 
ended 31st March, 2026 complied with the statutory provisions 
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in 
the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the Books, papers, Minute books, Forms, 
Statutory Register and returns filed and other records maintained 
by Company, for the period ended on as stated above to 
the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules 
made thereunder; 
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and 
the Rules made thereunder- Not applicable to the Company
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder; 
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and 
regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External 
Commercial Borrowings- Not applicable to the Company
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
(‘SEBI Act’)- Not applicable to the Company
 (a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011;
 (b) The Securities Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 (c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018;
 (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021;
 (e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015;
 (f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue 
and Listing of Non- Convertible Securities) 
Regulations, 2021;
 (g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client;
 (h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; and
 (i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018.
We have relied on the representation made by the Company and 
its Officers for systems and mechanism formed by the Company 
commensurate with the size and operations of the company to 
monitor and ensure compliance with applicable Laws, Rules, 
Regulations and Guidelines. 
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses 
of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
Annual Report 2025-26
56


===== PAGE 48 =====
(ii) The SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation, 2015, entered into by the Company with BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange India Limited- Not 
applicable to the Company.
During the period under review the Company has complied 
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, 
Standards, etc. mentioned above.
We further report that based on review of compliance system 
prevailing in the Company, we are of the opinion that the 
Company has adequate systems and processes in place 
commensurate with its size and nature of operations to monitor 
and ensure compliance with the following laws applicable 
specifically to the Company:
(a) Petroleum Act, 1934 and Rules made thereunder;
(b) Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985;
(c) The Indian Boilers Act, 1923 & The Indian Boilers 
Regulations, 1950;
(d) The Chemical Weapons Convention Act, 2000 and the Rules 
made thereunder;
(e) Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981;
(f) Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974;
(g) Hazardous & Other Wastes (Management and 
Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016; and
(h) Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991
(i) Drugs & Cosmetics Act, 1940
We further report that,
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted 
with proper balance of Executive Directors and Non-Executive 
Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel that took place during 
the period under review were carried out in compliance with the 
provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice was given to all Directors to schedule the Board 
Meetings, and agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent 
at least seven days in advance, save and except in cases where 
meetings were convened at shorter notice with the requisite 
consent. A system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the 
meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions were carried unanimously and, accordingly, no 
dissenting views were required to be recorded in the minutes.
The Company being a Private Limited Company, the provisions 
of Section 149 are not applicable to the Company.
We further report that during the audit period, the Company 
has no specific events / actions having a major bearing on the 
Company's affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, 
regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes 
in the company commensurate with the size and operations of 
the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable 
Laws, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines. We do not report 
on Financial Laws like Tax Laws, and Customs Act, Banking, 
Financial Transactions, defaults in repayment of any loan/ debts 
or deposits/ interest thereon, if any as the same is either carried 
out by the Statutory Auditors/ Internal Auditors and other 
designated professional/s.
For Mehta & Mehta,
Unique Code No.: P1996MH007500
Company Secretaries,
CS Monali Bhandari
UDIN: A027091H001060607 
Date: 10.08.2026 Partner
This Report to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed 
as Annexure “A” and forms an integral part of this report.
57
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 49 =====
To,
The Members,
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
(CIN: U24290MH2022PTC386388)
109, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of 
the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial 
records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
‘Annexure A’
For Mehta & Mehta,
Unique Code No.: P1996MH007500
Company Secretaries,
CS Monali Bhandari
UDIN: A027091H001060607 
Date: 10.08.2026  Partner
Annual Report 2025-26
58


===== PAGE 50 =====
The Company’s Report on Corporate Governance for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2026, is in compliance with the principles 
of Corporate Governance as prescribed in Regulation 34(3) read 
with Schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (hereinafter referred to as “Listing Regulations”)
1. COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
 Corporate Governance at Valiant Laboratories Limited 
is the cornerstone of our journey towards sustainable 
growth, stakeholder trust, and responsible leadership. 
It is the framework of principles, systems, and practices 
through which our Board of Directors and Management 
ensure accountability, fairness, transparency, and ethical 
conduct across all aspects of the Company's operations and 
stakeholder relationships.
 Our governance approach is deeply rooted in our core 
values — Care, Integrity, and Excellence — and is 
closely aligned with our strategic direction for the year: 
Transforming Potential into Progress, through Advancing 
Capabilities and Accelerating Growth. Just as this reflects 
our commitment to converting strategic investments, 
enhanced manufacturing capabilities, and diversification 
initiatives into tangible business outcomes, our governance 
framework serves as the enabling structure that ensures this 
growth is achieved responsibly, ethically, and sustainably. 
Sound governance is what allows potential to be converted 
into progress — with discipline, accountability, and long-
term stakeholder value at its core.
 We view corporate governance not merely as a regulatory 
requirement, but as a strategic enabler of growth. It drives 
responsible decision-making, strengthens stakeholder 
confidence, and supports sustainable business practices at 
every stage of the Company's expansion. Our governance 
framework spans business strategy, risk management, 
regulatory compliance, and ethical conduct — with an 
unrelenting focus on protecting and enhancing the interests 
of all stakeholders, including employees, investors, 
customers, regulators, partners, and society at large.
 The Board is committed to fostering a culture of openness, 
professionalism, and continuous improvement. We believe 
that good governance, like growth, is a journey rather than a 
destination — one that begins with strong leadership and is 
advanced through consistent effort, introspection, and innovation. 
As the Company builds new capabilities and accelerates its 
growth trajectory, the Board remains focused on ensuring that 
this progress is anchored in the highest standards of governance.
 By upholding robust governance practices, we aim to 
build an institution that translates capability into capacity, 
and capacity into accelerated, sustainable value — for 
the Company, its stakeholders, and the communities in 
which it operates.
II. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 1. The Board of Directors at Valiant Laboratories Limited 
comprises distinguished individuals, who bring with 
them, years of illustrious experience and unparalleled 
knowledge. Your Company’s Board maintains an 
optimal balance of Executive and Non-Executive 
Directors, with Independent Directors constituting 
more than one-third of the Board, which is in line 
with the requirements of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
'Listing Regulations') and Sections 149 and 152 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’).
Report on Corporate Governance 
 As on March 31, 2026, the Board comprises of seven (7) members as follows:
 
Mr. Santosh Vora 
Managing Director 
Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Ashok Chheda 
Non-Executive 
Independent Director 
Ms. Sonal Vira 
Non-Executive  
Independent  
Director 
Mr. Mulesh Savla 
Independent Director,  
Chairman 
Mr. Paresh Shah 
Whole-Time Director and 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
Non-Executive  
Director 
59
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 51 =====
 2. None of the Directors on the Board: 
	 holds directorships in more than ten 
public companies;
	 serves as Director or as Independent Directors in 
more than seven listed entities; 
	 who are the Executive Directors and serve 
as Independent Directors in more than three 
listed entities.
  Necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions 
in other public companies as on March 31, 2026, have 
been made by the Directors.
3. Independent Directors are the Directors as defined 
under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations 
and Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed 
thereunder. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing 
Regulations, the Independent Directors are not aware 
of any circumstance or situation which exists or could 
be reasonably anticipated that would impair or impact 
their ability to discharge their duties.
 Based on the declarations received from the 
Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has 
confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence 
as mentioned under Section 149(6) of the Act and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and that 
they are independent of the management. 
 Furthermore, none of the Independent Directors have 
resigned during the year under review.
4. 6 (Six) Board Meetings were held during the year under review and the gap between the two meetings did not exceed 120 
(one hundred and twenty) days. All the necessary information including but not limited to those mentioned in Part A of 
Schedule II to the Listing Regulations, were placed before the Board. The said meetings were held on May 20, 2025, July 09, 
2025, August 08, 2025, November 11, 2025, February 11, 2026 and March 07, 2026. The necessary quorum was present for all 
the meetings. The details of Directors’ attendance at Board Meetings held during the year under review and at the last AGM 
are provided herein below:
Date of Meetings
Name of Director
Mr. Mulesh 
Savla
Mr. Santosh 
Vora
Mr. Paresh 
Shah
Mr. Shantilal 
Vora
Mr. Sandeep 
Gupta
Mrs. Sonal 
Vira
Mr. Ashok 
Chheda
Board Meetings
May 20, 2025
July 09, 2025
August 08, 2025
November 11, 2025
February 11, 2026
March 07, 2026
Annual General Meeting
September 25, 2025
  Present Absent
 5. The names and categories of the Directors on the Board of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL), name of other listed entities 
in which the Director holds Directorship and the number of Directorships and Committee Chairmanships/Memberships 
held by them in other public limited companies as on March 31, 2026, are given herein below:
Name of the 
Director and DIN Category
Directorships as on March 31, 2026(1) Shareholding in 
VLL
Number of Committee 
Membership in other 
Companies (excluding 
VLL)(2)
Total no. of 
Directorships 
(excluding VLL)
Directorship held 
in other listed 
companies
No. of 
Shares
% of 
holding Chairman Member
Mr. Santosh Vora 
(DIN: 07633923)
Promoter - 
Managing Director
2 Valiant Organics 
Limited (NED)*
40,73,987 7.50 - -
Mr. Paresh Shah 
(DIN: 08291953)
Promoter Group 
- Whole-Time 
Director & Chief 
Financial Officer
1 None 50,84,612 9.36 - -
Annual Report 2025-26
60


===== PAGE 52 =====
Name of the 
Director and DIN Category
Directorships as on March 31, 2026(1) Shareholding in 
VLL
Number of Committee 
Membership in other 
Companies (excluding 
VLL)(2)
Total no. of 
Directorships 
(excluding VLL)
Directorship held 
in other listed 
companies
No. of 
Shares
% of 
holding Chairman Member
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
(DIN: 07633852)
Promoter - Non – 
Executive Director
- - 40,73,987 7.50 - -
Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
(DIN: 09245060)
Non – Executive 
Director
- - 0.00 0.00 - -
Mrs. Sonal Vira 
(DIN: 09505883)
Non - Executive 
Independent 
Director
2 Valiant Organics 
Limited (ID)*
0.00 0.00 - 1
Mr. Mulesh Savla 
(DIN: 07474847)
Chairman & 
Non - Executive 
Independent 
Director
1 Aarti Surfactants 
Limited (ID)*
0.00 0.00 1 1
Mr. Ashok Chheda 
(DIN: 10776571)
Non – Executive 
Independent 
Director
- - 0.00 0.00 - -
  * ID – (Non–Executive Independent Director); NED – (Non–Executive Non–Independent Director)
(1) Other directorships do not include directorships of private limited companies (except deemed public companies), foreign companies and 
companies registered under Section 8 of the Act. Further, none of them is a member of more than ten committees or chairman of more than five 
committees across all the public limited companies in which he/she is a director. 
(2) For determination of limit of the Board Committees, chairpersonship and membership of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee has been considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. Furthermore, to avoid repetition in counting the number 
of chairman and members of the Committees, directors who serve as chairman are not counted as members, and vice versa.
 6. None of the Directors are related to other Directors and the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company except Mr. Santosh 
Vora – Managing Director who is the son of Mr. Shantilal Vora, Non-Executive Director.
 7. During the year, 1 (One) meeting of the Independent Directors was held on February 11, 2026. The Independent Directors, 
inter alia, reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors, Board as a whole and Chairman of the Company, 
considering the views of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors.
 8. During FY 2025 - 26, information as mentioned in Part A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, were placed before the 
Board for its consideration.
 9. The Board periodically reviews the compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company.
 10. Senior Management:
  
Mr. Paresh Shah 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Akshay Gangurde  
Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer (Appointed with effect 
from July 09, 2025)
Mr. Nilesh Patil 
Analytical Head
Mr. Bhupendra Raul 
 QA Manager
Mr. Bhanudas Patil 
QC Manager (Resigned with 
effect fromApril 22, 2026.)
Mr. Shivaji Katkar 
Plant Manager
Ms. Meghana Wasnik 
R & D Head
Ms. Kiran Mudaliar 
Manager – Accounts
Ms. Prajakta Patil 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer (Resigned 
with effect from June 15, 2025) 
61
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 53 =====
 11. Familiarisation Programme: 
  The Company conducts familiarisation programmes 
for its Independent Directors and other Directors 
which, inter alia, includes the following: 
a. Presentations on the business performance of 
the Company are made at the Board Meetings 
to familiarize the Independent Directors with 
the strategy, operations and functions of the 
Company. The programme aims to provide 
insights into the Company to enable the 
Independent Directors to be able to take well-
informed timely decisions and contribute 
significantly to the performance of Company. 
b. Each director of the Company has access to any 
information relating to the Company.
c. Information on any change and new 
development regarding relevant regulatory 
requirement such as Listing Regulations and the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
d. Familiarisation programmes are proposed to 
be conducted on need basis during the term of 
the directors. 
e. The Board members are made aware about the 
compliances applicable to the Company. 
f. Freedom to interact with the Company’s 
management during the Board/ Committee of 
Directors’ meetings or otherwise. 
g. Need based training is provided on 
various matters. 
The Board members are encouraged to advise the 
Company to adopt further programmes for their 
familiarization with the Company.
In the Board meetings, all discussions on performance 
review of the businesses are preceded by a recap on the 
strategic direction adopted for the business, which provides 
good insights on the path forward for the businesses 
carried on by the Company to the Independent Directors 
and the other Non-Executive Directors on the Board.
Details of familiarisation programmes imparted 
to Independent Directors are disclosed on the 
Company’s website at https://www.valiantlabs.in/
assets/images/investors/details-of-familiarization-
programme-2025-26.pdf. 
  Directors Competence/ Skills/Expertise:
  The Company is engaged in the manufacturing of 
Pharmaceuticals API. The table below summarises 
the broad list of core skills / expertise / competencies 
identified by the Board of Directors, as required in the 
context of the Company’s business / sector and the 
said skills are available with the Board members:
List of core skills/expertise/competencies identified 
by the Board of Directors as required in the context 
of the business and sector. 
  
Industry Experience
Experience in Chemical and Pharmaceutical  
industry
Operations, Technology, Sales and 
Marketing
Experience in sales and marketing management 
based on understanding of the consumer and 
consumer goods industry
Leadership
Extensive leadership experience of an 
organisation for practical understanding of the 
organisation, its processes, strategic planning, 
risk management for driving change and 
long-term growth
Understanding of Global Business
Given the Company’s export operations 
and imported raw material sourcing, 
an understanding of global markets is 
seen as pivotal
Finance and Banking
Finance field skills/competencies/ expertise 
is seen as important for intricate and high 
quality financial management and financial 
reporting processes
Legal/Governance/ Compliance
In order to strengthen and maintain 
the governance levels and practices in 
the organisation
Annual Report 2025-26
62


===== PAGE 54 =====
Name of Director Industry 
Experience
Operations, 
Technology, Sales 
and Marketing
Leadership Understanding of 
Global Business 
Finance and 
Banking
Legal/
Governance/ 
Compliance
Mr. Ashok Chheda - - -
Mr. Santosh Vora
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Shantilal Vora -
Mr. Sandeep Gupta - -
Mrs. Sonal Vira - - - -
Mr. Mulesh Savla -
III. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 The Committees of the Board focus on certain specific areas 
and make informed decisions within the delegated authority. 
Each Committee of the Board, whether mandatorily 
required to be constituted or otherwise, functions according 
to its scope that defines its composition, power and role in 
accordance with the Act and the Listing Regulations. The 
Company has 5 (Five) Statutory Committees of the Board, 
namely, Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee, 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and Risk 
Management Committee. The recommendations of the 
Committees are submitted to the Board for approval. 
 During the year, all the recommendations of the Committees 
were accepted by the Board.
 The Company’s guidelines relating to the Board meetings 
are applicable to the Committee meetings. The composition 
and terms of reference of all the Committees are in 
compliance with the Act and the Listing Regulations, as 
applicable. Each Committee has the authority to engage 
outside experts, advisors and counsels to the extent it 
considers appropriate to assist in its functioning. Minutes 
of the proceedings of Committee meetings are circulated to 
the respective Committee members and also placed before 
the Board for its noting. 
 1. AUDIT COMMITTEE
  The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
(‘‘the AC’’) is entrusted with the responsibility of 
supervising the Company’s financial reporting process 
and internal controls. The composition, quorum, 
powers, role and scope are in accordance with Section 
177 of the Act and the provisions of Regulation 18 read 
with Part C of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. 
  Terms of Reference:
1. Oversight of the listed entity’s financial reporting 
process and the disclosure of its financial 
information to ensure that the financial statement 
is correct, sufficient and credible; 
2. Recommendation for appointment, remuneration 
and terms of appointment of auditors of the 
listed entity; 
3. Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any 
other services rendered by the statutory auditors; 
4. Reviewing, with the management, the annual 
financial statements and auditor’s report thereon 
before submission to the board for approval, 
with particular reference to: 
a. Matters required to be included in the 
director’s responsibility statement to be 
included in the board’s report in terms 
of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 
134 of the Act;
b. Changes, if any, in accounting policies and 
practices and reasons for the same; 
c. Major accounting entries involving 
estimates based on the exercise of judgment 
by management; 
d. Significant adjustments made in the 
financial statements arising out of 
audit findings; 
e. Compliance with listing and other 
legal requirements relating to 
financial statements; 
f. Disclosure of any related party transactions; 
g. Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report; 
5. Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly 
financial statements before submission to the 
board for approval; 
6. Reviewing, with the management, the statement 
of uses / application of funds raised through 
an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential 
issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for 
purposes other than those stated in the offer 
document / prospectus / notice and the report 
submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring 
the utilisation of proceeds of a public issue or 
rights issue or preferential issue or qualified 
institutions placement, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the board to take up steps 
in this matter; 
7. Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s 
independence and performance, and 
effectiveness of audit process; 
63
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 55 =====
8. Approval or any subsequent modification 
of transactions of the listed entity with 
related parties; 
9. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments; 
10. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the listed 
entity, wherever it is necessary; 
11. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk 
management systems; 
12. Reviewing, with the management, performance 
of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of 
the internal control systems; 
13. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit 
function, if any, including the structure of 
the internal audit department, staffing and 
seniority of the official heading the department, 
reporting structure coverage and frequency of 
internal audit; 
14. Discussion with internal auditors of any 
significant findings and follow up there on; 
15. Reviewing the findings of any internal 
investigations by the internal auditors into 
matters where there is suspected fraud or 
irregularity or a failure of internal control 
systems of a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the board; 
16. Discussion with statutory auditors before the 
audit commences, about the nature and scope of 
audit as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain 
any area of concern; 
17. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults 
in the payment to the depositors, debenture 
holders, shareholders (in case of non-payment of 
declared dividends) and creditors; 
18. To review the functioning of the whistle 
blower mechanism; 
19. Approval of appointment of chief financial officer 
after assessing the qualifications, experience and 
background, etc. of the candidate; 
20. Carrying out any other function as is mentioned 
in the terms of reference of the audit committee;
21. Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or 
advances from/investment by the holding 
company in the subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 
crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, 
whichever is lower including existing loans / 
advances / investments and ;
22. Consider and comment on rationale, cost-
benefits and impact of schemes involving 
merger, demerger, amalgamation etc., on the 
listed entity and its shareholders.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, the AC comprises of 4 (Four) 
members of which 3 (Three) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. The Company Secretary 
of the Company acted as the Secretary to the 
Audit Committee. 
  All members of the AC are financially literate and 
bring in expertise in the fields of Finance, Taxation, 
Economics, Risk and International Finance. It 
functions in accordance with its charter that defines its 
authority, responsibility, and reporting function.
  The Chief Financial Officer, Functional Heads, 
Representatives of the Statutory Auditors, Internal 
Auditors, Cost Auditor, as and when required, 
attended the meetings of the Audit Committee 
from time to time.
  4 (Four) AC Meetings were held during the year 
under review and the gap between the two meetings 
did not exceed one hundred and twenty days. The 
necessary quorum was present for all the meetings. 
The Chairperson of the Audit Committee attended the 
AGM held on September 25, 2025.
  The dates of the meetings and attendance of AC members in the said meetings are given below:–
Date of Meetings Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Ashok Chheda 
(refer note)
Category Chairperson Member Member Member
May 20, 2025 NA
August 08, 2025
November 11, 2025
February 11, 2026
  Note: The Board of Directors at their meeting held on May 20, 2025, re-constituted the Committees of the Board. Mr. Ashok 
Chheda has been inducted as the Member of the Audit Committee.
Annual Report 2025-26
64


===== PAGE 56 =====
2. NOMINATION & REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
  The Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the 
Board of Directors (‘‘the NRC’’) is entrusted with the 
responsibility of creating a high-performance culture; 
attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve 
results. The composition, quorum, powers, role and 
scope are in accordance with Section 178 of the Act 
and the provisions of Regulation 19 read with Part D 
Para A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. 
  Terms of Reference
1. Formulation of the criteria for determining 
qualifications, positive attributes and 
independence of a director and recommend to 
the board of directors a policy relating to, the 
remuneration of the directors, key managerial 
personnel and other employees; 
2. For every appointment of an Independent 
Director, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills, 
knowledge and experience on the Board and on 
the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description 
of the role and capabilities required of an 
Independent Director. The person recommended 
to the Board for appointment as an Independent 
Director shall have the capabilities identified in 
such description. For the purpose of identifying 
suitable candidates, the Committee may: 
i. Use the services of an external 
agencies, if required; 
ii. Consider candidates from a wide range 
of backgrounds, having due regard to 
diversity; and 
iii. Consider the time commitments of 
the candidates.
3. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of 
performance of Independent Directors and the 
board of directors; 
4. Devising a policy on diversity of board of directors; 
5. Identifying persons who are qualified to become 
directors and who may be appointed in senior 
management in accordance with the criteria laid 
down, and recommend to the board of directors 
their appointment and removal;
6. Whether to extend or continue the term of 
appointment of the Independent Director, on the 
basis of the report of performance evaluation of 
Independent Directors ; and 
7. Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in 
whatever form, payable to senior management.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, the NRC comprises of 3 
(Three) members of which 2 (Two) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. 
  4 (Four) NRC meetings were held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for all the meetings. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  The date of the meetings and attendance of NRC members in the said meeting are given below:
Date of Meeting Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Mulesh Savla Mr. Shantilal Vora
Category Chairperson Member Member
May 20, 2025
July 09, 2025
August 08, 2025
February 11, 2026
  Performance Evaluation 
  In terms of the requirements of the Act read with 
Regulations 17 and 25 of the Listing Regulations, 
an annual performance evaluation of the Board is 
undertaken where the Board formally assesses its own 
performance with an aim to improve the effectiveness 
of the Board and its Committees.
  The Company has a structured assessment process for 
evaluation of performance of the Board, its committees 
and individual performance of each Director including 
the Chairman of the Board.
  The evaluations are carried out in a confidential 
manner, and the Directors provide their feedback by 
rating based on various parameters.
  The Independent Directors at their separate meeting 
reviewed the performance of: 
  a. Non-Independent Directors and the 
Board as a whole; 
  b. The Chairman of the Board after considering the 
views of other Directors;
  c. Succession planning ; and 
65
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 57 =====
  d. Quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company management and the Board that is 
necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform their duties.
  During the year under review, questionnaires were circulated to the members of the Board and respective committees 
soliciting their feedback on the performance of the Board, its committees and individual Directors for the FY 2025-26.
  The overall performance evaluation exercise was performed to the satisfaction of the Board.
Evaluated by
Evaluation of
Board Committees Non-Independent 
Directors
Independent 
Directors Chairman
Independent Director
Board of Directors
Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee
  Remuneration Policy 
  The Company has in place a Nomination and Remuneration Policy (NRC Policy) formulated as per the provisions of the 
Act and the Listing Regulations. The Policy outlines the role of NRC and the Board, inter alia, determining the criteria for 
Board membership, approving, and recommending compensation and policies for Directors and Senior Management and 
lay down the effective manner of performance evaluation of the Board, its committees, and the Directors. The NRC Policy is 
available on the Company’s website viz. www.valiantlabs.in.
  Remuneration to Directors/KMP/SMP/Other Employees: 
	 Non-Executive Directors/Independent Directors
   Non-Executive Directors/Independent Directors are presently receiving sitting fees (including reimbursement of 
expenses, if any) for attending the meeting of the Board and its Committees as per the provisions of the Act and the 
rules made thereunder. No Stock options have been given to the Non-Executive Directors during the year. 
   The details of the sitting fees paid to the Non - Executive Directors as on March 31, 2026, are as under:
(H In Lakhs)
Name of Directors Mr. Ashok 
Chheda
Mr. Shantilal 
Vora
Mr. Sandeep 
Gupta
Mrs. Sonal 
Vira
Mr. Mulesh 
Savla
Board Meetings 0.300 0.300 0.250 0.250 0.300
Committee Meetings 0.075 0.200 0.000 0.250 0.275
Total 0.375 0.500 0.250 0.500 0.575
Note: The Company does not have material pecuniary relationship or transactions with its Non-Executive/Independent Directors except the 
payment of sitting fees for attending the meetings of Board / Committees, as disclosed in this Report.
Mr. Shantitlal Vora, Non-Executive Director of the Company recieved a commission of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company for Financial Year 2025-26 amounting to Rs. 11,447.75/- as approved by the members of the Company in the 4 th Annual General 
Meeting held on September 25, 2025.
   Further, the Board of Directors, Audit Committee 
and Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
at their respective meetings held on August 10, 
2026, approved the payment of remuneration by 
way of commission to:
	 Mr. Shantilal Vora – Non-Executive 
Director of the Company, for the Financial 
Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.5% of the 
annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of 
the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company 
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
	 Mr. Sandeep Gupta – Non-Executive 
Director of the Company, for the Financial 
Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.5% of the 
annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of 
the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company 
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
	 Mr. Mulesh Savla – Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company, for 
the Financial Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.5% 
of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of 
the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company 
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
	 Mr. Ashok Chheda – Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company, for 
the Financial Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.25% 
of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Annual Report 2025-26
66


===== PAGE 58 =====
	 Mrs. Sonal Vira – Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company, for 
the Financial Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.25% 
of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Criteria of making payments to Non-Executive 
Directors / Independent Directors
	 The Non-Executive Directors/ Independent 
Directors may receive remuneration by way of 
fees for attending meetings of Board or Committee 
thereof. Provided that the amount of such fees shall 
not exceed the maximum amount per meeting of 
the Board or Committee as may be prescribed 
under the law prevailing from time to time.
	 The Board upon the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, shall 
review the Sitting Fees, from time to time, subject 
to the limits, as specified under the Companies 
Act, 2013 or rules made thereunder.
	 The Non-Executive Directors / Independent 
Directors may receive remuneration by way of a 
commission in accordance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, subject to the approval 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
the Board and shareholders, if required.
  These criteria are detailed in the Company’s 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy. The policy 
is available on the Company’s website www.
valiantlabs.in. 
	 Executive Directors
   The Company remunerates its Executive 
Directors by way of salary and commission based 
on performance of the Company. Remuneration 
is paid within the limits as approved by the 
shareholders within the stipulated limits of the 
Section 197 read with Schedule V of Act and 
the Rules made thereunder. The remuneration 
paid to the Executive Directors is determined 
keeping in view the industry benchmark and the 
performance of the Company. 
  Remuneration to Executive Directors:
(H in Lakhs)
Name of Director(s) Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Paresh Shah
Category Managing Director Whole-Time Director
Salary and other Perquisites 27.00 15.00
Commission 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013
Note: The Managing Director and the Whole-Time Director is appointed under the contract for a period of 5 (Five) years and with termination notice 
period of 90 days. No severance fees are payable.
  The Board of Directors and its Committees at their respective meeting(s) held on August 10, 2026, approved the revision in 
remuneration of Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Paresh Shah, as follows:
Mr. Santosh Vora, 
Managing Director
Mr. Paresh Shah, 
Whole-Time Director
Existing Proposed in  
ensuing AGM Existing Proposed in  
ensuing AGM
Remuneration H 27 Lakhs per annum H 32 Lakhs per annum H 15 Lakhs per annum H 20 Lakhs per annum
Commission 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net 
profits of the Company 
(calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net 
profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 
198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net 
profits of the Company 
(calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net 
profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 
198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013)
Perquisites & 
Other Benefits: 
As per the policy of the Company As per the policy of the Company
Note: The above is subject to the approval of the members of the Company at the ensuing Annual General Meeting in line with the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations.
67
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 59 =====
	 Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), Senior 
Management Personnel (SMP) and 
other employees:
   The remuneration of KMP, SMP and other 
employees largely consists of basic salary, 
perquisites, allowances and performance 
incentives (wherever paid). Perquisites and 
retirement benefits are paid according to the 
Company policy. The components of the total 
remuneration vary for different grades and are 
governed by the industry pattern, qualification 
and experience/merits, and performance of 
each employee. 
   Remuneration of KMPs and SMPs is additionally 
approved by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee every year.
3. STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP 
COMMITTEE
  The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of the 
Board of Directors (‘‘the SRC”) is entrusted with 
the responsibility of safeguarding the interests of 
shareholders, debenture holders and other security 
holders. The composition, quorum, powers, role and 
scope are in accordance with Section 178(5) of the Act 
and the provisions of Regulation 20 read with Part D 
Para B of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. 
  Terms of Reference
1. Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the 
Company including complaints related to transfer/ 
transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, 
non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/
duplicate certificates, general meetings, etc;
2. Review of measures taken for effective exercise 
of voting rights by shareholders;
3. Review of adherence to the service standards 
adopted by the Company in respect of various 
services being rendered by the Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent; and
4. Review of the various measures and initiatives 
taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of 
unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt 
of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory 
notices by the shareholders of the Company.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, SRC comprises of 3 (Three) 
members of which 2 (Two) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  1 (One) SRC Meeting was held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for the meeting.
  The date of the meeting and attendance of SRC members in the said meeting is given below:
Date of Meeting Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Santosh Vora
Category Chairperson Member Member
February 11, 2026
  Name, Designation and Contact details of the 
Compliance Officer 
  Mr. Akshay Gangurde
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
  Contact: 022 - 4971 2001/ 022 - 4971 7220
  Email: investor@valiantlabs.in 
  Mr. Akshay Gangurde was appointed as the 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of the 
Company w.e.f. July 09, 2025.
  Ms. Prajakta Patil resigned from the position 
of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
w.e.f. June 15, 2025.
  SEBI processes investor complaints in a centralised 
web-based complaints redressal system, i.e. SCORES. 
Through this system an investor can lodge a 
complaint against the Company for redressal of his/ 
her grievance. The Company uploads the action taken 
report on the complaint which can be viewed by the 
investor. The Company and the investor can seek and 
provide clarifications online through SEBI.
  Further, the Company has pursuant to SEBI Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/131 
dated July 31, 2023, registered itself on the ODR 
platform, which gives an ease to investors on escalation 
of the complaints.
  Details of investor complaints received and redressed during FY 2025-26 are as follows:
Opening as on April 1, 2025 Received during the year Resolved during the year Closing as on March 31, 2026
NIL NIL NIL NIL
  The Company maintains continuous interaction with the RTA and takes proactive steps and actions for resolving investors’ 
complaints/queries.
Annual Report 2025-26
68


===== PAGE 60 =====
Separate email ID for the redressal of Investors’ 
Complaints
  The Company has designated a separate e-mail id 
investor@valiantlabs.in exclusively for the registering 
complaints by the investors.
 4. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
  The provisions of Regulation 21 of the Listing 
Regulations relating to the Risk Management Committee 
are applicable to the top 1,000 listed entities determined 
on the basis of average market capitalisation, and to 
high value debt listed entities. The Company does not 
fall within either category for FY 2025-26 and the said 
Regulation is therefore not applicable. 
  Notwithstanding the above, as a matter of good 
governance practice, the Board of Directors has 
voluntarily constituted a Risk Management Committee 
(the “RMC”). The terms of reference of the RMC have 
been framed with reference to Part D of Schedule II 
of the Listing Regulations and cover, inter alia, cyber 
security. The RMC monitors and reviews the risk 
management plan of the Company and discharges 
such other functions as the Board may deem fit.
  Terms of Reference
  1. Formulating a detailed risk management policy;
  2. Ensuring that appropriate methodology, 
processes and systems are in place to monitor 
and evaluate risks associated with the business 
of the Company;
  3. To monitor and oversee implementation of the 
risk management policy, including evaluating 
the adequacy of risk management systems;
  4. Periodically reviewing the risk management 
policy, at least once in two years, including by 
considering the changing industry dynamics and 
evolving complexity;
  5. To keep the board of directors informed about 
the nature and content of its discussions, 
recommendations and actions to be taken; and 
  6. The appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if 
any) shall be subject to review by the Risk 
Management Committee.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, the RMC comprised 4 (Four) 
members, of which 2 (Two) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  1 (One) RMC Meeting was held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for the meeting.
  The date of the meeting and attendance of RMC members in the said meeting is given below:
Date of Meeting Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Paresh Shah
Category Chairperson Member Member Member
October 15, 2025
5. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) 
COMMITTEE
  The Corporate Social Responsibility (‘‘the CSR”) 
Committee of the Board of Directors is entrusted 
with the responsibility of identifying the areas of CSR 
activities, recommending the amount of expenditure 
to be incurred and implementing and monitoring 
the CSR policy from time to time. The composition, 
quorum, powers, role and scope are in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 135 of the Act.
  Terms of Reference
1. Formulate and approve revisions to the Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy and recommend the 
same to the Board for its approval;
2. Formulate and recommend to the Board, an 
annual action plan in pursuance to CSR policy;
3. Recommend the annual CSR expenditure budget 
to the Board for its approval;
4. Establish monitoring mechanisms to track each 
CSR Program and review the same at such 
intervals as the CSR Committee may deem fit ; and
5. Undertaking wherever appropriate 
benchmarking exercises with other corporates to 
reassure itself of the efficacy and effectiveness of 
Company‘s CSR spends.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, CSR committee comprises of 
3 (Three) members. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
No CSR Meeting was held during the year under 
review. 
  The Company has formulated a CSR Policy for 
determining the activities and responsibilities of 
the Company for incurring expenditure as per the 
provisions of the act. The policy is available on the 
Company’s website www.valiantlabs.in. 
69
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 61 =====
IV. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS 
 Details of last three Annual General Meetings are as under:
For Financial Year Day, Date and Time Venue Special Resolution passed 
FY 2022-23 Wednesday, September 13, 2023 
11:00 A.M.
Registered 
Office
None
FY 2023-24 Thursday, August 8, 2024, 11:00 
A.M
Registered 
Office
1. Appointment of Mr. Mulesh Savla (DIN: 07474847) 
as Non-Executive Independent Director of the 
Company
2. Enhancement in the existing borrowing limit under 
Section 180 (1) (c) of the Companies Act, 2013.
3. Creation of Charges on the Assets of the Company 
under Section 180 (1) (a) of the Companies Act, 
2013, to secure the Borrowings.
4. Approval for grant of loans or to invest in Bodies 
Corporates or to issue guarantee or provide security 
under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013.
FY 2024-2025 Thursday, September 25, 2025, 
11:30 A.M
Registered 
Office
1. Change in Designation of Mr. Paresh Shah 
(DIN:08291953) from Executive Director to Whole 
Time Director and to fix his remuneration.
2. Revision in remuneration of Mr. Santosh Vora 
(DIN:07633923), Managing Director.
3. Payment of remuneration by way of commission to 
Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN:07633852), Non-Executive 
Director of the company.
 Postal Ballot:
 No resolution was passed through Postal Ballot during the Financial Year 2025-26.
V. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
 Quarterly Results
 The Company communicates to the Stock Exchanges about the quarterly financial results within the prescribed timeline from 
the conclusion of the Board Meetings in which the financial results are approved. The results are usually published in Financial 
Express (English) edition and Mumbai Lakshadeep (Marathi) edition. These results are also available on the website of the 
Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 Website
 In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, separate dedicated tabs under the head “Investors” and “Policies 
& Codes” are created on the website of the Company www.valiantlabs.in which gives information on various announcements 
made by the Company, such as Disclosures to Exchanges, Newspaper publications, Financials of Subsidiary, Annual Report, 
Quarterly/Half-yearly/Nine-months and Annual financial results along with the applicable policies of the Company.
 Quarterly Compliance Reports on Corporate Governance (now Integrated Filings – Governance) and other relevant information 
of interest to the Investors are also placed under the “Investors” Section on the Company’s website. 
Annual Report 2025-26
70


===== PAGE 62 =====
VI. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
1 CIN L24299MH2021PLC365904
2 Registered Office/Address for correspondence 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund West, 
Mumbai – 400080.
3 Name and Address of each stock exchange(s) at which the listed entity’s securities are listed
BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001
National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051.
The Company has paid the Annual Listing Fees of the Stock Exchanges and Annual Custodial Fees of the Depositories 
for the FY 2026-27.
4 Registrar to an issue and Share transfer agents MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd.
(Formerly Known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.) 
C-101, 247 Embassy Park, LBS Road,
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083.
Tel. No. +91 22 49186000
Fax No. 022 – 4918 6060
Email ID: rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com
5 Share transfer System As per the Listing Regulations, Transfer / Transmission of Equity 
Shares of the Company can be made only in dematerialised form. 
As on March 31, 2026, the entire paid-up Equity Share Capital 
of the Company is held in dematerialised form with National 
Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited.
6 Plant Locations L-13, L-28, L-28(Pt), L-29 & L-30, M.I.D.C, Tarapur, Boisar, District - 
Palghar - 401506, Maharashtra, India
7 Financial Calendar
Financial Year April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2027
Tentative schedule for the Financial Results for 
FY 2026-27 
June, 2026 Last week of July/ 1st week of August 2026, or on or before  
August 14, 2026
September, 2026 Last week of October/ 1st week of November 2026, or on or before 
November 14, 2026
December, 2026 Last week of January/ 1st week of February 2027, or on or before 
February 14, 2027
March, 2027 1st/2nd week of May 2027, or on or before May 30, 2027
8 Annual General Meeting
Day and Date Monday, September 28, 2026
Time 11:30 AM
Venue Annual General Meeting would be held through video 
conferencing/other audio-visual means. (Deemed venue for 
meeting: Registered Office of the Company).
9 Cut Off Date for E-voting September 21, 2026
10 Dividend Payment Date Not Applicable as no dividend recommended by the Board of 
Directors.
11 Dematerialization of shares and liquidity As on March 31, 2026, all the equity shares of the company are 
held in dematerialised form.
12 Credit Rating obtained (during the FY 2025-26) By India Ratings and Research
Date Instrument Type 
Rating 
Limits 
(millions)
Rating Assigned 
along with 
Outlook/Watch 
June 25, 
2025
Fund-based working 
capital limits
H 550 IND BBB/
Stable/IND A2 
Non-fund-based 
working capital limits
H 10 IND A2
13 Cases where securities are suspended from 
trading
Not Applicable
71
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 63 =====
14 Outstanding Global Depository Receipts or 
American Depository Receipts or warrants or any 
convertible instruments, if any.
The Company has not issued any GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any 
other convertible instruments.
15 Disclosure of commodity price risks and 
commodity hedging activities, if any
The details of foreign currency exposure are disclosed at 
appropriate places in the Financial Statements.
 16 Shareholding as on March 31, 2026:
  A. Category of Equity Shareholding:
As on March 31, 2026
Category No. of Shares %
Promoter and Promoter Group 4,06,41,487 74.83
Foreign Portfolio Investors 1,08,114 0.20
Clearing Members 7,46,383 1.37
Resident Individuals 1,01,22,827 18.64
Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) 1,07,366 0.20
Body Corporate 16,62,072 3.06
Body Corp-LLP 1,23,910 0.23
Hindu Undivided Family 7,99,656 1.47
Escrow Demat Account 685 0.00
Total 5,43,12,500 100.00
   
Promoter and Promoter Group
Foreign Portfolio Investors
Clearing Members
Resident Individuals
Non-Resident Indians (NRIs)
Body Corporate
Body Corp-LLP
Hindu Undivided Family
Escrow Demat Account
Shareholding Pattern as on March 31, 2026
74.83%
0.20%
1.37%
18.64%
0.20% 0.00%
3.06% 1.47%0.23%
  B. Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026:
No. of Shares
Shareholders No. of Shares
Number % J %
1 to 500 12,767 85.18 14,32,494 2.6375
501 to 1000 904 6.03 6,88,069 1.2669
1001 to 2000 567 3.78 8,34,304 1.5361
2001 to 3000 226 1.51 5,75,016 1.0587
3001 to 4000 98 0.65 3,48,560 0.6418
4001 to 5000 96 0.64 4,45,166 0.8196
5001 to 10000 163 1.09 11,99,700 2.2089
10001 and above 167 1.11 4,87,89,191 89.8305
TOTAL: 14988 100% 5,43,12,500 100%
Annual Report 2025-26
72


===== PAGE 64 =====
 17 Green initiatives:
  As a responsible corporate citizen, the Company 
welcomes and supports the ‘Green Initiative’ 
undertaken by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
Government of India, and Securities & Exchange 
Board of India enabling electronic delivery of 
documents including the Annual Report to 
shareholders at their e-mail address registered with 
the Depository Participant (DPs) and Registrar and 
Transfer Agent (RTA).
  Shareholders who have not registered their e-mail 
addresses so far are requested to do the same. Those 
holding shares in Demat form can register their e-mail 
address with their concerned DPs. 
  Further, in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a letter is being sent 
to those Members who have not registered their e-mail 
addresses with the Company / MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private 
Limited) - Registrar and Transfer Agent / Depository 
Participants, providing a web link where the Annual 
Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 and the Notice 
of the 5th Annual General Meeting of the Company can 
be accessed on the Company’s website.
VII. OTHER DISCLOSURES:
 1. Details of related party transactions entered into by 
the Company are included in the notes to accounts. 
Materially significant transactions with related parties 
are in the normal course of business and do not have 
potential conflict with the interests of the Company 
at large. Transactions with related parties entered 
into by the Company are placed before the Audit 
Committee periodically. 
  As required under Regulation 23(1) of Listing 
Regulations, the Company has formulated a policy 
on dealing with related party transactions. The said 
policy is also available under ‘Investor’ section of the 
website of the Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 2. During the year, the Company received a fine of  
H 11,800/- (inclusive of GST) from BSE Limited and 
a fine of H 11,800/- (inclusive of GST) from National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited for delay in prior 
intimation of the Rights Issue Committee Meeting 
held on July 15, 2025. Except for the aforesaid instance, 
no penalties, strictures, or enforcement actions were 
imposed on the Company by any Stock Exchange, 
SEBI, or any statutory authority on matters relating to 
the capital markets during the last three years.
 3. Pursuant to Section 177(9) and (10) of the Act and 
Regulation 22 of Listing Regulations, the Audit 
Committee and the Board have adopted a Whistle-
Blower policy which provides an environment where 
every director / employee feels free and secure to 
report specific incidents of unethical behaviour, actual 
or suspected incidents of fraud or violation of the 
Company’s Code, investigate such reported incidents 
in a fair manner, taking appropriate disciplinary action 
against the delinquent director(s) and employee(s), 
ensuring that no director or employee is victimised or 
harassed for bringing such incidents to the attention 
of the Company. The Company affirms that there 
were no incidences of reporting unethical behaviour, 
actual or suspected fraud or violation of Company’s 
Code of Conduct during the financial year 2025-
26 and no personnel has been denied access to the 
Audit Committee.
 4. In order to restrict communication of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information (UPSI), the Company has 
adopted Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair 
Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information 
in compliance with SEBI (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to 
time. The said Code is available on the website of the 
Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 5. The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of Listing Regulations. Further, details with respect to 
discretionary requirements as specified in Part E of Schedule II are as follows:
Sr. 
No. Particulars Remarks
1 Non-Executive Chairman’s Office The Company has appointed Mr. Mulesh Savla as a Non-Executive Chairman.
2 Woman Independent Director The Company has appointed Ms. Sonal Vira as the Woman Independent Director
3 Shareholder’s Rights As the quarterly and half yearly, financial performance are published in the 
newspapers and are also posted on the Company’s website, the same are not 
being sent to the household of shareholders.
4 Audit Qualifications Auditors’ Report on Company’s financial statements for FY 2025-26 is 
unmodified.
5 Separate posts of Chairman and 
the Managing Director (“MD”)
The Company has separate posts of Chairman and Managing Director.
6 Reporting of Internal Auditor The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.
73
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 65 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars Remarks
7 Independent Directors Meeting During the Financial Year 2025-26, the Independent Directors held one meeting, 
without the presence of non-independent directors and members of the 
management. All the Independent Directors of the Company were present in 
the said meetings.
8 Risk Management Committee Regulation 21 of Listing Regulations are not applicable to the Company. However,  
the Company has voluntarily constituted a Risk Management Committee.
 6. The ‘Policy for Determining Material Subsidiary’ 
pursuant to Regulation 16(1)(c) of Listing Regulations, 
has been adopted by the Board and the same has 
been hosted on the website of the Company at www.
valiantlabs.in. 
  In terms of the above policy, the Company’s subsidiary, 
namely, Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
(‘VASPL’) is considered as a material subsidiary. 
  VASPL was incorporated on July 8, 2022 in Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, India. Further, Rishabh S. Vora & Co. 
is the Auditor of VASPL, who was appointed on 
September 11, 2023.
  Except the said entity, the Company does not have any 
other material subsidiary.
 7. The Company has not raised funds through 
preferential allotment or qualified institutions 
placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A).
 8. Total fees for all services paid by the Company to the 
statutory auditors and all entities in the network firm/
network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part:
Particulars (J in Lakhs)
Audit Fees 1.75 
Tax Audit 1.00
Certification Charges 1.66
Out of pocket expenses 0
Other Services 0
Total 4.41 
 9. Disclosures in relation to Sexual Harassment of 
Women at workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013:
Number of complaints filed 
during the financial year
NIL
Number of complaints disposed of 
during the financial year
NIL
Number of complaints pending as 
on end of the financial year
NIL
 10. During the year under review, the Company has not 
given any loans/advances to the firms/Companies in 
which directors are interested.
 11. The Company hereby confirms compliance with the 
requirements of Report on Corporate Governance as 
specified in sub-paras (2) to (10) of Part C of Schedule 
V of Listing Regulations.
 12. The Company has complied with all the mandatory 
corporate governance requirements under the Listing 
Regulations. The Company confirms compliance 
with corporate governance requirements specified 
in Regulation 17 to 27 and sub-regulation (2) of 
Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations.
 13. As on March 31, 2026, the Company had 685 unclaimed 
equity shares lying in its suspense escrow demat 
account. These shares pertain to the Rights Issue of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited undertaken in July 2025. 
The Company has been sending periodic reminder 
letters to the concerned shareholders in accordance 
with Schedule VI of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
 As per Schedule V(F) of the Listing Regulations, the Company reports the following details in respect of equity shares lying in the 
suspense account:
Particulars No. of Shareholders No. of Equity 
Shares
aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the suspense 
account lying at the beginning of the year;
0 0
number of shareholders who approached listed entity for transfer of shares from 
suspense account during the year;
5 312
number of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from suspense account 
during the year;
5 312
aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the suspense 
account lying at the end of the year;
3 685
 Note: 997 equity shares were credited to the suspense escrow account on allotment of the Rights Issue in August 2025, of which 312 shares were transferred 
to 5 shareholders during the year, leaving 685 shares held with 3 shareholders as at 31 March 2026.
 The voting rights on the shares outstanding in the suspense accounts as on March 31, 2026 shall remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares 
claims the shares.
Annual Report 2025-26
74


===== PAGE 66 =====
 14. The Company has not entered into any type of 
agreement which binds the Company under clause 
5A of paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of 
Listing Regulations.
VIII. CODE OF CONDUCT FOR DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
 The Board of Directors has adopted Code of Conduct for 
the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel 
of the Company in terms of Regulation 17(5) of the Listing 
Regulations. All Board members and Senior Management 
Personnel have affirmed their compliance with the said 
Code for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. A 
declaration to this effect signed by the Managing Director is 
appended as Annexure – ‘I’ to this report. The said Code of 
Conduct may be viewed on the Company’s website www.
valiantlabs.in.
IX. CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION 
OF DIRECTORS
 The Company has obtained a certificate from M/s Mehta 
& Mehta, practising company secretary confirming that 
none of the Directors on the Board of Directors of the 
Company have been debarred or disqualified from being 
appointed or continuing as directors of the Company by 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India / Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. A copy 
of the said certificate is appended hereto as Annexure – ‘II’ 
to this report.
X. CERTIFICATION FOR FINANCIAL 
REPORTING AND INTERNAL CONTROLS 
(CEO/ CFO CERTIFICATION):  
 Pursuant to Regulation 17 (8) of the Listing Regulations, a 
certificate duly signed by the Managing Director and Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company is appended as Annexure 
‘III’ to this report.
XI. CERTIFICATE FROM THE STATUTORY 
AUDITOR OF THE COMPANY FOR 
COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:
 A certificate from Raman S. Shah & Co., Chartered 
Accountants, regarding compliance of conditions of 
Corporate Governance as stipulated in Part E of Schedule 
V of the Listing Regulations is appended as Annexure ‘IV’ 
to this Report.
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
75
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 67 =====
As provided under Regulation 34 (3) read with Para D of Schedule V to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the members of Board of Directors and the Senior Management Personnel have affirmed their compliance with Code 
of Conduct as applicable to them, for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026. 
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/-
Santosh Vora
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
ANNEXURE – ‘I’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance
DECLARATION BY THE MANAGING DIRECTOR UNDER REGULATION 34 (3) OF 
SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 
2015 REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH CODE OF CONDUCT FOR BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY 
Annual Report 2025-26
76


===== PAGE 68 =====
To: Valiant Laboratories Limited
(CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904)
104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Valiant Laboratories 
Limited having CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904 and having registered office at 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080 (hereinafter referred to as 'the Company'), produced before me by the Company for the purpose of 
issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para - C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) 
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Company and its officers, We 
hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ended on 31st March, 2026 
had been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority: 
Sr. 
No. Name DIN Date of Appointment as 
Director Date of Cessation as Director 
1 Santosh Shantilal Vora 07633923 16/08/2021 Continuing
2 Shantilal Shivji Vora 07633852 16/08/2021 Continuing
3 Paresh Shashikant Shah 08291953 16/08/2021 Continuing
4 Sonal Amit Vira 09505883 16/02/2022 Continuing
5 Sandeep Gupta 09245060 23/02/2023 Continuing
6 Ashok Lakhamshi Chheda 10776571 12/11/2024 Continuing
7 Mulesh Manilal Savla 07474847 14/05/2024 Continuing
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of 
the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance 
as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs 
of the Company.
ANNEXURE ‘II’ to the Corporate Governance Report
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) 
For Mehta & Mehta 
(ICSI Unique Code No. P1996MH007500) 
Company Secretaries,
Sd/-
CS Monali Bhandari
Partner
Company Secretaries
ACS No. 27091 C.P. No. 10272
Place: Mumbai  UDIN: A027091H001060706
Date: August 10, 2026  PR No.: 7281/2025
77
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 69 =====
To,
The Board of Directors of
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: MD / CFO Certificate under Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(‘the Company’), to the best of our knowledge and belief certify that:
(a) We have reviewed financial statements and cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2026, and that to the best of our 
knowledge and belief:
(i) These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that 
might be misleading;
(ii) These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing 
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended, which are 
fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.
(c) We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting in the Company and we have 
evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. We have disclosed 
to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are 
aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:
 (i) Significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
 (ii) Significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial 
statements; and
 (iii) Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or an 
employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
ANNEXURE – ‘III’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance
CERTIFICATION UNDER REGULATION 17 (8) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
Annual Report 2025-26
78


===== PAGE 70 =====
To,
The Members,
Valiant Laboratories Limited
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund West, Mumbai – 400080
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Valiant Laboratories Limited  
(CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904), for the year ended on March 31, 2026, as stipulated under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our examination has been limited to 
a review of the procedures and implementations thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring Compliance with the conditions of 
the Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial 
statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the representations 
made by the Directors and the Management, we certify that the Company has, complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance 
as stipulated in the abovementioned Listing Regulations except for delay in prior intimation of the Rights Issue Committee Meeting 
held on July 15, 2025 under Regulation 29(1)(d) read with Regulation 29(2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, for which notices were 
received from BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the applicable fine was paid by the Company.
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
ANNEXURE – ‘IV’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Yours faithfully, 
For Raman S. Shah & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Sd/-
Raman S. Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai  Membership No: 33272
Date: August 10, 2026  UDIN: 26033272PDKJUT2069
79
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 71 =====
Financial 
Statements


===== PAGE 72 =====
Independent Auditors' Report
To 
Board of Directors of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Report on Audit of Standalone Audited Financial 
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial 
Statements of Valiant Laboratories Limited ("the Company") 
which comprises the Balance sheet as at 31 st March 2026,  the 
Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive 
Income), the Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement 
of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date and notes to the 
financial statements, including a summary of material accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Standalone Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone Financial 
Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 
2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and 
fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act, (“Ind AS”) and other 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of 
affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026 and its profit, total 
comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for 
the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SA”s) specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those 
Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of 
our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance 
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements under the provisions of the Act and the 
Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence 
obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our audit opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Key audit Matter
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Sr. No Key Audit Matter Auditors Response
i. Accuracy, Completeness and disclosure with 
reference to Ind AS 16 of Property, Plant and 
Equipment
Peculiarity and technical complexities of Property, 
Plant and Equipment used in the operations and 
different IT systems used for maintaining Fixed 
Asset Register (FAR) requires more attention to 
ensure reasonably accurateness and completeness of 
financial reporting in respect of Property, Plant and 
Equipment.
Further, due to technical complexities management 
is required to assess and make estimates/
judgments about capitalization, estimated useful 
life, impairment etc. which has material impact on 
Balance Sheet and operating results
Principal Audit Procedures
Our audit approach consisted of testing the design and operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls and substantive testing as follows:
(a) We assessed the Company’s process regarding maintenance of 
records, Valuation and accounting of transactions relating to 
Property, Plant and Equipment as per the Ind AS 16.
(b) We have evaluated the design of Internal Controls relating to 
recording and valuation of Property, Plant and Equipment.
(c) We have carried out substantive audit procedures at financial and 
assertion level to verify the capitalization of assets as Property, 
Plant and Equipment.
(d) We have verified the maintenance of records and accounting of 
transactions regarding capital work in progress by carrying out 
substantive audit procedures at financial and assertion levels.
(e) We have reviewed management judgement pertaining to estimation 
of useful life and depreciation of the Property, Plant and Equipment 
in accordance with Schedule II of Companies Act, 2013.
(f) We have verified the capitalization of borrowing cost incurred on 
qualifying asset in accordance with the Ind AS 23.
81
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 73 =====
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, 
Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not 
include consolidated financial statements, Standalone Financial 
Statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Annual Report 
is expected to be made available to us after the date of this 
auditor’s report. 
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements 
or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a 
material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate 
the matter to those charged with governance.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged 
with Governance for the Standalone Financial 
Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters 
stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation 
of these Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair 
view of the financial position, financial performance, changes in 
equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the 
Ind AS and accounting principles generally accepted in India. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and 
application of appropriate implementation and maintenance 
of accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Standalone Financial Statements that give 
a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, management 
is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or 
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the standalone financial statement as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these standalone financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Standards on Auditing, 
specified under section 143(10) of the Act we exercise professional 
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the standalone financial statement, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive 
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The 
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)
(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has 
adequate internal financial controls system in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls.
	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by the management and the 
Board of Directors.
	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors' 
use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to 
the related disclosures in the financial statement or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as 
a going concern; and
	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the standalone financial statement, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statement represent 
the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
Annual Report 2025-26
82


===== PAGE 74 =====
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone 
financial statement that, individually or in aggregate, makes 
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statement 
may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in
i) Planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the 
results of our work; and 
ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the 
standalone financial statement.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law 
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a 
matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected 
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 
(‘the Order’) issued by the Central Government of India in 
terms of section 143(11) of the Act we give in the “Annexure I” 
a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the 
Order, to the extent applicable.
Further to our comments in Annexure I, as required by section 
143(3) of the Act based on our audit, we report, to the extent 
applicable, that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purpose of our audit of the 
accompanying standalone financial statements;
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by 
law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears 
from our examination of those books, including the manner 
prescribed in Rule 3(1) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014;
c) The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss including the Statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income, the Cash Flow Statement and Statement of Changes 
in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with 
the books of account.
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial 
statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act. read with Rule 7 of 
the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
e) On the basis of the written representations received from 
the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as 
on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements 
of the Company as on 31 st march 2026 and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report 
in “Annexure II”. Our report expresses an unmodified 
opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of 
the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to 
Standalone Financial Statements; and
g) As required by section 197(16) of the Act, based on our 
audit, we report that the Company has paid remuneration 
to its directors during the year in accordance with the 
provisions of and limits laid down under section 197 read 
with Schedule V to the Act
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our 
opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us:
 i. The Company, as detailed in note 35 to the Standalone 
Financial Statements, has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its financial position as at 
31st March 2026. 
 ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts 
including derivative contracts for which there were any 
material foreseeable losses as at 31st March 2026 in for 
Refer Note 34 to the Standalone Financial Statements.
 iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts 
required to be transferred, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Company during the year 
ended 31st March 2026;
 iv. (a) The Management has represented that, to the best 
of its knowledge and belief, other than disclosed 
in the notes, no funds have been advanced 
or loaned or invested (either from borrowed 
funds or share premium or any other sources 
or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
83
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 75 =====
  (b) The Management has represented, that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, other than 
disclosed in the notes to accounts, no funds 
have been received by the Company from 
any person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Company shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
  (c) Based on such audit procedures that have 
been considered reasonable and appropriate 
in the circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, 
contain any material misstatement.
 v. The company has not declared or paid any dividend 
during the year.
 vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, 
the Company has used accounting software systems 
for maintaining its books of account for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2026 which have the feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same 
has operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software systems. 
  Further, during the course of our audit we did not 
come across any instance of the audit trail feature 
being tampered with.
  Furthermore, the audit trail has been preserved by 
the Company as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention.
For RAMAN S SHAH & CO
Chartered accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Raman S Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai  Membership No. 033272
Date: 14th May,2026  UDIN: 26033272BIOLXV7916
Annual Report 2025-26
84


===== PAGE 76 =====
ANNEXURE ‘I’ referred to in paragraph 15 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of  the 
independent auditors report of even date to the members of Valiant Laboratories Limited on the standalone financial statement for 
the year ended March 31, 2026.
On the basis of the information and explanations sought by us 
and given by the Company and the books of account and records 
examined by us in the normal course of audit, and to the best of 
our knowledge and belief, we report that:
(i) (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of Property, Plant & 
Equipment, Capital work-in-progress and 
relevant details of right-of-use assets.
  (B) The company has maintaining proper records 
showing full particulars of intangible assets.
 (b) The Company has a regular program for the physical 
verification of its property, plant, and equipment. 
Under this program, the assets are physically verified 
in a phased manner over a period of three years, 
which, in our opinion, is reasonable considering the 
size of the Company and the nature of its assets. In 
accordance with this program, certain property, 
plant, and equipment were verified during the year, 
and no material discrepancies were observed on 
such verification.
 (c) The title deeds of immovable properties (other than 
properties where the Company is the lessee and the 
lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the 
lessee) disclosed in notes to the standalone financial 
statements are held in the name of the Company.
 (d) The Company has adopted cost model for its Property, 
Plant and Equipment (including Right of Use assets) 
and intangible assets during the year. Accordingly, 
reporting under clause 3(i)(d) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
 (e) According to the information and explanation given to 
us and on the basis of examination of the records of the 
Company, there are no Proceedings are initiated or no 
pending cases against the company for holding Benami 
Property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) 
Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder;
(ii) (a) The management has conducted physical verification 
of inventory at reasonable intervals during the year. 
In our opinion the coverage and the procedure of 
such verification by the management is appropriate. 
No discrepancies of 10% or more in aggregate 
for each class of inventory were noticed on such 
physical verification.
 (b) According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company has been 
sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five 
crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks on the basis of 
security of current assets. In our opinion, the quarterly 
returns or statements filed by the Company with such 
banks are in agreement with the books of account 
of the Company.
(iii) (a) During the year, the Company has provided loans to companies as follows: -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Guarantees Security Loans Advances in 
nature of loans
Aggregate amount granted/ provided during the year
- Subsidiaries, joint operation Nil Nil Nil Nil
- Others* Nil Nil Nil Nil
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect 
of above cases
- Subsidiaries, joint operation 4,494.87 Nil Nil Nil
- Others Nil Nil Nil Nil
  During the year, the Company has not provided loans, 
advances in loans, stood guarantee and provided 
security to firms, limited liability partnerships or 
any other parties.
 (b) During the year the investments made in companies 
and the terms and conditions of the grant of all 
loans provided to companies are prima facie, not 
prejudicial to the Company’s interest. During the year 
the Company has not made investments, provided 
guarantees, security and granted loans and advances 
in the nature of loans to firms, limited liability 
partnerships or any other parties.
 (c) In respect of loans or advances in the nature of loans 
granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment 
of principal has been stipulated and the repayments 
are regular, However loan granted to employees 
are interest free.
 (d) There are no amounts of loans and advances in the 
nature of loans granted to companies, firms, limited 
liability partnerships or any other parties which are 
overdue for more than ninety days.
 (e) The Company has not granted any loan which has 
fallen due during the year. Further, no fresh loans 
85
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 77 =====
were granted to any party to settle the overdue loans/
advances in nature of loan that existed as at the 
beginning of the year.
 (f) The Company has not granted any loans or advances 
in the nature of loans that are either repayable 
on demand or without specifying any terms or 
period of repayment. 
(iv) In our opinion, and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has complied 
with the provisions of section 186 of the Act in respect of 
loans and investments made and guarantees and security 
provided by it, as applicable. Further, the Company has 
not entered into any transaction covered under section 
185 of the Act.
(v) The Company has neither accepted any deposits from 
the public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed 
to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of 
the Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, to the 
extent applicable. Accordingly, the requirement to report on 
clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(vi) The Central Government has specified maintenance of cost 
records under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
related to the manufacture of Drugs and Pharmaceutical. 
We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained 
by the Company pursuant to the rules made by the Central 
Government for the maintenance of cost records and are of 
the opinion that, prima facie, the prescribed accounts and 
records have been made and maintained during the year. 
However, we have not made a detailed examination of the 
cost records with a view to determine whether they are 
accurate or complete. 
(vii) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and based on the records of the company examined by us, 
in respect of Statutory Dues,
 (a) The Company generally been regular in depositing 
undisputed statutory dues including Goods and 
Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employee State 
Insurance, Income tax, custom duty, cess and any other 
statutory dues to the appropriate authorities and there 
are no arrears of outstanding statutory dues as on the 
last day of the FY concerned for a period of more than 
6 months from the date they became payable.
 (b) According to the information and explanations 
given to us, we report that there are no statutory 
dues referred in sub-clause (a) which have not been 
deposited with the appropriate authorities on account 
of any dispute except for the following:
Name of the statute Nature of dues Gross Amount 
(In lakhs)
Period to which 
the amount relates Forum where dispute is pending
Goods and Service 
Tax Act, 2017
Goods and Service Tax 62.97 FY 2021-22 Assistant Commissioner (Appeal)
Goods and Service 
Tax Act, 2017
Goods and Service Tax 36.00 FY 2023-24 Joint Commissioner (Appeal)
(viii) Accordingly, information and explanation given to us, We 
report that no transactions relating to previously unrecorded 
income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income 
during the year in the tax assessments under the Income 
Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
(ix) (a) In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us,The company has not 
defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings 
or in the payments of interest thereon to any lender;
 (b) According to the information and explanations given 
to us including confirmations received from banks and 
representation received from the management of the 
Company, and on the basis of our audit procedures, 
we report that the company has not been declared 
willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution 
or government or any government authority.
 (c) According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our audit procedure, the 
term loans were applied for the purpose for which the 
loan were obtained.
 (d) In our opinion and According to the information 
and explanations given to us, and the procedures 
performed by us, and on an overall examination of the 
financial statements of the company, we report that no 
funds raised on Short Term basis have been used for 
Long Term purposes by the company.
 (e) In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, and on an overall 
examination of the financial statement of the company, 
Company has not taken any funds from any entity or 
person on account of or to meet the obligations of its 
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures;
 (f) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, The Company has not raised 
loans during the year on the pledge of securities held 
by the subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.
(x) (a) The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial 
public offer or further public offer (including debt 
instruments) during the year and hence reporting 
under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b) According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, The company has not made 
any preferential allotment or private placement of 
Annual Report 2025-26
86


===== PAGE 78 =====
shares or convertible debentures (fully, partially or 
optionally) during the year.
(xi) (a) To the best of our knowledge and accordingly to the 
information and explanation given to us, No fraud by 
the company or on the company has been noticed or 
reported during the year.
 (b) According to the information and explanations given 
to us including the representation made to us by the 
management of the Company, No report under sub-
section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has 
been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed 
under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.
 (c) According to the information and explanations given 
to us, including the representation made to us by the 
management of the company and the procedures 
performed by us, there are no whistle-blower 
complaints received by the Company during the year 
and up to the date of this Report. 
(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and the Nidhi rules, 
2014 are not applicable to it. Therefore, the requirement to 
report on clause 3(xii)(a), 3(xii) (b) and 3(xii)(c) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
(xiii) In our opinion, and accordingly to the information and 
explanation given to us. All transaction entered into by the 
Company with related parties are in compliance with Section 
177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, where applicable. 
Further, the details of such related party transaction have 
been disclosed in the standalone financial statement, as 
required under Indian accounting standard (Ind AS 24), 
related party disclosures specified in companies Ind AS 
rules 2015 as prescribed under section 133 of the Act. 
(xiv) (a) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has an internal 
audit system which is commensurate with the size and 
nature of its business as required under the provisions 
of section 138 of the Act.
 (b) We have considered, the internal audit reports for the 
year under audit, issued to the Company during the 
year and till date, in determining the nature, timing 
and extent of our audit procedures. 
(xv) Accordingly to the information and explanation given 
to us, the Company has not entered into any non-cash 
transactions with its directors or persons connected with its 
directors. And accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xv) of 
the order with respect to compliance with the provisions of 
Section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable 
to the Company.
(xvi) (a) The Company is not required to be registered under 
section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. 
Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of 
the Order are not applicable to the company.
 (b) In our opinion, there is no core investment company 
within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment 
Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and 
accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the 
Order is not applicable.
 (c) The Company is not a Core Investment Company as 
defined in the regulations made by Reserve Bank of 
India. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 
3(xvi) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (d) There is no Core Investment Company as a part of 
the Group, hence, the requirement to report on clause 
3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xvii) The Company has not incurred any cash losses during the 
financial year covered by our audit and the immediately 
preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
during the year and accordingly requirement to report on 
Clause 3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company
(xix) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realization of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the 
financial statements, the auditor’s knowledge of the Board 
of Directors and management plans, and based on our 
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, 
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to 
believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of 
the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of 
meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as 
and when they fall due within a period of one year from the 
balance sheet date;
 We further state that our reporting is based on the facts 
up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any 
guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will 
get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
(xx) (a) In respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no 
unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to 
a fund specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act 
(the Act), in compliance with second proviso to sub 
section 5 of section 135 of the Act. 
 (b) There are no unspent amounts in respect of ongoing 
projects, that are required to be transferred to a special 
account in compliance of provision of sub section (6) 
of section 135 of Companies Act.
(xxi) The reporting under clause 3(xxi) of the Order is not 
applicable in respect of audit of standalone financial 
statements of the Company. Accordingly, no comment has 
been included in respect of said clause under this report.
For RAMAN S SHAH & CO
Chartered accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Raman S Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai  Membership No. 033272
Date: 14th May, 2026  UDIN: 25033272BMGDPB2831
87
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 79 =====
In conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial 
statements of Valiant Laboratories Limited (‘the Company’) as 
at and for the year ended 31 March 2026, We have audited the 
internal financial controls over financial control with reference to 
the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged 
with Governance for Internal Financial Controls 
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on the 
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities include 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of 
its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the 
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required 
under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility for the Audit of the Internal 
Financial Controls with Reference to Financial 
Statements
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit 
of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the 
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements 
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects.
ANNEXURE “II” Independent audit Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial 
Statements under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. 
Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting 
included obtaining an understanding of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s 
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether 
due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion 
on the Company’s internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
Standalone Financial Statements for external purposes is in 
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that
1. Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company.
2. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Standalone 
Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance 
with authorizations of management and directors of 
the company. And
3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company's assets that could have a 
material effect on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Annual Report 2025-26
88


===== PAGE 80 =====
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over 
financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to Standalone Financial Statements and such internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements were 
operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on the criteria for 
internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial 
Statements established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the ICAI.
For RAMAN S SHAH & CO
Chartered accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Raman S Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai Membership No. 033272
Date: 14th May, 2026 UDIN: 26033272BIOLXV7916
89
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 81 =====
Standalone Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
I. ASSETS
Non-Current assets
(a) Property, Plant & Equipment 2  2,836.56  2,949.56
(b) Capital work-in-progress 2  35.73  16.61
(c) Right of Use assets 3(a)  122.57  44.66
(d) Other Intangible Assets 3(b)  8.00  7.48
(e) Financial Assets
 (i) Investment in Subsidiaries 4.1  16,505.80  16,505.80
 (ii) Other Financial Assets 5  145.50  282.07
(f) Other non-current assets 6  3.00  -
Total Non-Current assets  19,657.17  19,806.19
Current assets
(a) Inventories 7  2,297.04  395.58
(b) Financial Assets
 (i) Investments 4.2  2,598.02  -
 (ii) Trade Receivables 8  8,325.48  7,210.02
 (iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 9  307.30  479.89
 (iv) Other Balances with Banks 10  351.74  2,254.00
 (v) Loans 11  3.69  5.86
 (vi) Other Financial Assets  -  -
(c) Other Current assets 12  4,967.16  1,429.55
(d) Current Tax Assets (Net) 13  81.71  147.03
Total Current assets  18,932.15  11,921.93
Total Assets  38,589.31  31,728.11
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 14  5,431.25  4,345.00
(b) Other Equity 15  26,544.62  19,093.31
Total Equity  31,975.87  23,438.31
LIABILITIES
Non-Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 16.1  -  5,940.02
 (ii) Lease Liabilities 17.1  79.78  25.13
 (iii) Other financial liabilities 18  96.14  96.14
(b) Provisions 19.1  10.74  8.56
(c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (net) 20  158.90  125.20
(d) Other Non-Current Liabilities  -  -
Total non-current liabilities  345.55  6,195.06
Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 16.2  -  -
 (ii) Lease Liabilities 17.2  46.55  23.10
 (iii) Trade Payables 21
  A) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and small enterprises  16.16  6.90
  B) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 6,001.35  1,933.16
 (iv) Other Financial Liabilities 22  133.86  106.51
(b) Other Current liabilities 23  48.80  11.53
(c) Provisions 19.2  21.17  13.53
Total current liabilities  6,267.89  2,094.74
Total Equity and Liabilities  38,589.31  31,728.11
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272BIOLXV7916 ICSI M.No.: A70561
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes (Note No 1- 41)
Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
90


===== PAGE 82 =====
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  For the period 
March 31, 2026
 For the period 
March 31, 2025
I Revenue from operations 24  21,704.25  13,336.18
II Other Income 25  289.48  542.81
III Balance as on March 31, 2026  21,993.73  13,878.99
IV EXPENDITURE
Cost of Materials Consumed 26  17,152.75  11,215.83
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods & Work-in-Progress 27  21.38  386.10
Purchase of traded goods 28  1,556.53  56.14
Employee Benefits Expense 29  500.36  438.80
Finance Costs 30  26.11  17.53
Depreciation and Amortization 31  226.19  202.46
Other Expenses 32  1,755.63  1,706.91
IV Total Expenditure  21,238.94  14,023.77
V Profit Before Tax  754.79  (144.78)
VI Tax Expenses
Current Tax  166.20  5.68
Deferred Tax  33.77  64.56
VI Total Tax Expense  199.96  70.24
VII Profit for the year  554.82  (215.02)
VIII Other Comprehensive Income
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent year
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  (0.50)  (3.03)
 Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  -
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit & loss
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  0.07  0.76
 Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  -
VIII Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  (0.43)  (2.26)
IX Total comprehensive income for the year (VII + VIII) 
(Total of profit and other comprehensive income for the year)
 554.39  (217.28)
Earnings per equity share of J 10/- each (PY: J 10/- each) 33
(1) Basic  1.10  (0.50)
(2) Diluted  1.10  (0.50)
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272BIOLXV7916 ICSI M.No.: A70561
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes (Note No 1- 41)
91
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 83 =====
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31,2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net Profit before tax and extra ordinary items  754.79  (144.78)
Balance as on April 1, 2025
Depreciation  226.19  202.46
Interest Paid  26.11  17.53
Provision for Gratuity  6.19  4.69
Provision for Leave Encashment  3.56  1.76
Provision for doubtful debts  9.74  84.76
Provision for bonus  19.73  16.48
Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  (111.51)  93.39
Foreign Exchange Gain/Loss  (20.80)  1.47
Profit on disposal of asset  2.34  (0.48)
Operating Profit /(Loss) before Working Capital Changes  916.34  277.28
Adjusted for:
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables  (1,115.46)  (2,722.62)
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories  (1,901.46)  605.96
(Increase)/Decrease Loans 2.17  (2.83)
(Increase)/Decrease Other Current Assets  (3,544.89)  (91.86)
(Increase)/Decrease in Financial Assets  136.57  (17.93)
(Increase)/Decrease Other non-Current Assets  (3.00)  1.99
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payable  4,077.44  (536.36)
Increase/(Decrease) in Lease Liabilities  78.09  (17.56)
Increase/(Decrease) in Provisions  9.82  2.53
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  37.27  1.11
Increase/(Decrease) in Financial Liabilities  27.35  (8.37)
Cash generated from operations  (1,279.76)  (2,508.66)
Income Tax Paid  (100.88)  318.54
Net cash from operating activities  (1,380.64)  (2,190.12)
B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Purchase of property, plant & equipment (including capital advances)  (115.98)  (56.14)
Sale of property, plant & equipment  2.76  5.57
Bank Balances not considered as Cash and Cash Equivalents  1,902.26  7,195.34
Other Investment  -  (8,408.47)
(Purchase)/Redemption of investments  (2,598.02)  3,761.17
Net Cash used in investing activities  (808.98)  2,497.47
Annual Report 2025-26
92


===== PAGE 84 =====
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31,2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
a. Cash on Hand  1.29  5.89
b. Balances with Banks  306.01  474.00
Total  307.30  479.89
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272BIOLXV7916 ICSI M.No.: A70561
1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Ind AS financial statements.
2. Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
3. Figures in brackets indicate cash outgo.
4. The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under “Indirect Method” set out in Ind AS 7 Statement of Cash Flow.
5. Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES :
Interest Paid  (26.11)  (17.53)
Proceeds / (Repayments) of Borrowings (net)  (5,940.02)  -
Proceeds / (Repayments) of short term Borrowings (net)  -  -
Expenses in relation to IPO  6,896.92  (32.60)
Proceeds / (Repayments) of share capital  1,086.25  -
Net Cash used in financing activities  2,017.04  (50.13)
Net increase / (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  (172.59)  257.22
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year  479.89  222.67
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year  307.30  479.89
93
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 85 =====
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
for the period March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  Balance as on 
01-04-2025
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
 Restated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
 Balance as on 
31-03-2026
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
Rights Issue of Shares  -  -  -  1,086.25  1,086.25
Total  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  1,086.25  5,431.25
(H In Lakhs.)
 Particulars  Balance as on 
01-04-2024
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
 Balance as on 
31-03-2025
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
Total  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
B. Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Reserve and surplus Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total other 
equitySecurities 
Premium
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at 31st March 2024  14,132.44  5,210.75  -  19,343.19
Net profit for the year  -  (215.02)  -  (215.02)
Remeasurement Gain/(Loss) on defined benefit plan 
(net off tax)
 -  -  (2.26)  (2.26)
Reserve during the year  (32.60)  -  -  (32.60)
Bonus Issue during the year  -  -  -  -
Expenses incurred for issuance of Bonus Shares  -  -  -  -
Balance as at 31st March 2025  14,099.84  4,995.73  (2.26)  19,093.31
Net profit for the year  -  554.82  -  554.82
Remeasurement Gain/(Loss) on defined benefit plan 
(net off tax)
 -  -  (0.43)  (0.43)
Reserve during the year  6,896.92  -  -  6,896.92
Rights Issue during the year  -  -  -  -
Expenses incurred for issuance of Bonus Shares  -  -  -  -
Balance as at 31st March 2026  20,996.76  5,550.55  (2.70)  26,544.62
Previous Reporting Period
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272BIOLXV7916 ICSI M.No.: A70561
A. Equity Share Capital
Current Reporting Period
1 The above Statement of Changes in Equity be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
2 Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
94


===== PAGE 86 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
Note I Corporate Information
Valiant Laboratories Limited (""VLL"" or ""the Company"") 
is a public limited company incorporated in India under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, having Corporate 
Identification Number (CIN) L24299MH2021PLC365904. The 
Company's equity shares are listed on BSE Limited and the 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The registered office 
of the Company is located at 104, Udyog Kshetra, 1 st Floor, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai – 400 
080, Maharashtra.
The Company is engaged in the manufacturing of and dealing 
in Pharmaceuticals (Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients) and 
speciality chemicals, with its manufacturing facility located at 
Tarapur Industrial Area, Boisar, District Palghar, Maharashtra.
Note II Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates And Judgements
This note provides a list of the material accounting policies 
adopted in the preparation of these financial statements.The 
accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the 
previous financial year.
(1) Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements
 (i) Statement of Compliance
  The financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles in India (referred to as “IND AS”) as 
prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 as amended and relevant provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 including presentation and 
disclosure requirements of Division II of Schedule III 
of the Act as amended from time to time.
  In addition, the guidance notes/announcements 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (ICAI) are also applied except if compliance 
with other statutory promulgations require a 
different treatment.
  Accordingly, the Company has prepared these 
Financial Statements which comprise the Balance 
Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss for the year ended March 31, 2026, the Statement 
of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2026 and 
the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 
as on that date, and accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (together hereinafter referred 
to as ‘Standalone Financial Statements’)
  All the amounts included in the financial statements 
are reported in lakhs of Indian Rupees (‘Rupees’ or ‘H’) 
and are rounded to the nearest lakh, except per share 
data and unless stated otherwise.
  The financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended 31.3.2026 were approved for issue in 
accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors 
in its meeting held on 14th May, 2026
 (ii) Historical Cost Convention
  These Standalone financial statement are prepared 
under the historical cost convention on an accrual 
basis except for certain financial instrument, which 
are measured at fair value, which are disclosed in the 
financial statement.
(2) Classification of Assets and Liabilities
 (i) Current verus non-current classification
  All assets and liabilities have been classified as current 
or non-current as per company’s normal operating 
cycle and other criteria set out in the Division II of 
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 Based on the 
nature of products and the time between acquisition 
of assets for processing and their realisation in cash 
and cash equivalents, the company has ascertained its 
operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current 
and non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
 (ii) Use of accounting estimates and judgements
  The preparation of financial statements requires 
management judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that impacts the reported amounts of revenues, 
expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying 
notes thereon. Uncertainty about these assumptions 
and estimates could result in outcomes that might 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amount 
of assets and liabilities in future periods.
  (a) Estimates
   The preparation of the financial statements in 
conformity with IND AS requires management 
to make estimates, judgments and assumptions. 
These estimates, judgments and assumptions 
affect the application of accounting policies and 
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the 
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities 
at the date of financial statements and reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the 
period. Accounting estimates could change from 
period to period. Actual results could differ 
from those estimates. Appropriate changes in 
estimates are made as management becomes 
aware of circumstances surrounding the 
estimates. Changes in estimates are reflected in 
the financial statement in the period in which 
changes are made and if material, their effects are 
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
95
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 87 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
   The following are areas involving 
critical estimates:
   Impairment
   Accounting for Defined benefit plans
   Useful lives of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets - Fair Valuation of 
Financial instruments
   Valuation of Inventories
  (b) Judgments
   The company's management has made the 
following judgement, which have the most 
significant effect on the amounts recognised 
in the separate financial statements, while 
formulating the company's accounting policies.
   The following are areas involving 
critical judgments:
   Leases
   Estimation of income tax payable and income tax 
expense in relation to an uncertain tax position
   Provisions and Contingencies
(3) Property, plant and equipment (PPE) and Intangible 
assets
 (a) Property, plant and equipment (PPE)
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost 
net of tax /duty credit availed, less accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if 
any. Cost comprises of purchase price inclusive of non 
creditable taxes, commissioning expenses, etc. up to 
the date the asset is ready for its intended use. When 
significant parts of property, plant and equipment 
are required to be replaced at intervals, the company 
derecognizes the replace part and recognizes the 
new part with its own associated useful life and it 
is depreciated accordingly. Likewise, when a major 
inspection is performed, its cost is recognized in the 
carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a 
replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All 
other repair and maintenance cost are recognised in 
the statement of profit and loss as incurred.
  Advances paid towards acquisition of property, plant 
and equipment outstanding at each Balance Sheet 
date, are shown under other non-current assets and 
cost of assets not ready for intended use before the 
year end, are shown as capital work-in-progress
  Capital Work In Progress represents expenditure 
incurred on capital assets that are under construction 
or are pending capitalisation and includes Project 
expenses pending allocation. Project expenses 
pending allocation are apportioned to the property, 
Plant and equipment of the project proportionately on 
capitalisation.
  Borrowing cost on property, plant and equipment's 
are capitalised when the relevant recognition criteria 
specified in IND AS 23 Borrowing cost is met.
  Decommissioning costs, if any, on property, plant and 
equipment are estimated at their present value and 
capitalised as part of such assets.
  The residual value and useful lives of property, plant 
and equipment are reviewed at each financial year 
end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
 (b) Intangible assets
  Intangible assets are recognised when it is probable 
that the future economic benefits that are attributable 
to the asset will flow to the Company and the cost of 
the asset can be measured reliably. Intangible assets 
are stated at original cost net of tax/duty credits 
availed, if any, less accumulated amortisation and 
cumulative impairment. Administrative and other 
general overhead expenses that are specifically 
attributable to acquisition of intangible assets are 
allocated and capitalised as a part of the cost of the 
intangible assets. Intangible development costs are 
capitalised as and when technical and commercial 
feasibility of the asset is demonstrated and future 
economic benefits are probable.
  The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as 
either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite 
lives are amortised over the useful economic life 
and assessed for impairment whenever there is an 
indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. 
The amortisation period and the amortisation method 
for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are 
reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period.
 (c) Derecognition
  Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
are derecognised on disposal or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use and 
disposal. Losses arising from retirement and gains or 
losses arising from disposal of a property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets are measured as the 
difference between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (d) Research and Development
  Revenue expenditure on Research and Development 
is charged to statement of profit and loss in the year in 
which it is incurred. Capital expenditure on research 
Annual Report 2025-26
96


===== PAGE 88 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
and development is considered as an addition to 
property, plant and equipment/intangible assets.
  Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development 
expenditures on an individual project are recognised 
as an intangible asset when the Company 
can demonstrate:-
  development costs can be measured reliably;-
  the product or process is technically and 
commercially feasible;
  commercially feasible;
  future economic benefits are probable; and
  the Company intends to and has sufficient resources 
to complete development and to use or sell the asset.
  Following initial recognition of the development 
expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at cost 
less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated 
impairment losses. Amortisation of the asset begins 
when development is complete and the asset is 
available for use. It is amortised over the period of 
expected future benefit. Amortisation expense is 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss unless 
such expenditure forms part of carrying value of 
another asset. During the period of development, the 
asset is tested for impairment annually
 (e) Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and 
residual value
  Depreciation on Fixed Assets is provided on Straight 
Line Method (SLM) method as per rates prescribed 
in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013, except 
in the respect of the following assets, where useful 
life of asset is different than those prescribed in 
Schedule II of the Act.
Particulars  Depreciation
Factory Building (Useful 30 
Years )
Over its useful life 
as assessed
Plant & Machinery (Useful life 
19 years)
Over its useful life 
as assessed
Vehicle (Useful life 10 years) Over its useful life 
as assessed
Leasehold Land Over the period of 
lease term
  Depreciation and amortisation on property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets added/disposed off 
during the year has been provided on pro-rata basis 
with reference to the date/month of addition/disposal. 
Depreciation and amortisation methods, useful lives 
and residual values are reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period and adjusted if appropriate.
 (f) Impairement
  The Company assesses at each reporting the carrying 
amounts of its property, plant and equipment, 
intangible assets to determine whether there is 
any indication that those assets have suffered an 
impairment loss. If any indication exists, or when 
annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the 
Company estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. 
Impairment loss, if any, is provided to the extent that 
the carrying amount of assets exceeds their recoverable 
amount. Recoverable amount is higher of net selling 
price of an asset or its value in use. Value in use is the 
present value of estimated future cash flows expected 
to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from 
its disposal at the end of its useful life.
 (g) Non-current assets held for sale
  Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of 
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The 
determination of fair value less costs to sell includes 
use of management estimates and assumptions. The 
fair value of the assets held for sale has been estimated 
using valuation techniques (including income and 
market approach), which include unobservable inputs. 
Non-current assets and disposal group that ceases to 
be classified as “Held for Sale” shall be measured at 
the lower of carrying amount before the non-current 
asset and disposal group was classified as “Held for 
Sale” and its recoverable amount at the date of the 
subsequent decision not to sell. Recoverable amounts 
of assets reclassified from “Held for Sale” have been 
estimated using the Management’s assumptions.
(4) Financial assets, financial liabilities, equity 
instruments and impairment of financial assets
 A Financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a 
financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity 
instrument of another entity.
 Financial assets and liabilities are recognised when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets 
and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are 
added to or deducted from the fair value measured on 
initial recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
 The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, 
or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all 
the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another 
entity. The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, 
and only when, the Company’s obligations are discharged, 
cancelled or have expired.
97
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 89 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 (a) Financial assets
  Financial assets at amortised cost
  Financial assets are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is to hold these 
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and 
the contractual terms of the financial assets give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding
  Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income if these financial assets 
are held within a business whose objective is achieved 
by both collecting contractual cash flows on specified 
dates that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding and 
selling financial assets. The Company has made an 
irrevocable election to present subsequent changes 
in the fair value of equity investments not held for 
trading in other comprehensive income
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
profit or loss unless they are measured at amortised 
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income on initial recognition. The transaction costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss are immediately recognised in statement of 
profit and loss.
 (b) Financial liabilities
  Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method. Other financial 
liabilities (including loans and borrowings, bank 
overdrafts and trade and other payables) are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method.
  The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments (including 
all fees and amounts paid or received that form an 
integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction 
costs and other premiums or discounts) through 
the expected life of the financial liability, or (where 
appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost on 
initial recognition.
  Interest expense (based on the effective interest 
method), foreign exchange gains and losses, and any 
gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
  For trade and other payables maturing within one year 
from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts 
approximate fair value due to the short maturity of 
these instruments
 (c) De-recognition of Financial Instruments:
  A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a 
financial asset or part of a group of similar financial 
assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from 
the Company’s balance sheet) when:
  The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have 
expired, or The Company has transferred its rights 
to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed 
an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full 
without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-
through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Company has 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, or (b) the Company has neither transferred 
nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
  When the Company has transferred its rights to 
receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into 
a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and to 
what extent it has retained the risks and rewards 
of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the 
asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Company 
continues to recognise the transferred asset to the 
extent of the Company’s continuing involvement. In 
that case, the Company also recognises an associated 
liability. The transferred asset and the associated 
liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights 
and obligations that the Company has retained.
  A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation 
under the liability is discharged or cancelled or 
expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced 
by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability 
are substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition of the 
original liability and the recognition of a new liability. 
The difference in the respective carrying amounts is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (d) Equity Investments
  All equity investments (excluding the investments in 
Subsidiaries) in the scope of Ind AS 109 are measured 
at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for 
trading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity 
instruments, the Company may make an irrevocable 
election to present in other comprehensive income 
subsequent changes in the fair value. The Company 
makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument 
basis. The classification is made on initial recognition 
Annual Report 2025-26
98


===== PAGE 90 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
and is irrevocable. If the Company decides to classify 
an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are 
recognised in the OCI. There is no recycling of the 
amounts from OCI to the statement of profit and loss, 
even on sale of investment. However, the Company 
may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within 
equity. Equity instruments included within the FVTPL 
category are measured at fair value with all changes 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 (e) Investment in subsidiaries
  Equity investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost 
less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Where an 
indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount 
of the investment is assessed and written down 
immediately to its recoverable amount. On disposal 
of investments in subsidiaries, the difference between 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (f) Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is a contract that evidences 
residual interest in the assets of the Company after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments 
issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds 
received net of direct issue cost.
 (g) Impairment of Financial Assets:
  In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Company uses 
‘Expected Credit Loss’ (ECL) model, for evaluating 
impairment of all Financial Assets subsequent to 
initial recognition other than financial assets measured 
at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL). The 
Company uses historical default rates to determine 
impairment loss on the portfolio of trade receivables. 
At every reporting date these historical default rates 
are reviewed and changes in the forward-looking 
estimates are analysed. For other financial assets, 
the Company uses 12 month ECL to provide for 
impairment loss where there is no significant increase 
in credit risk since its initial recognition. If there 
is significant increase in credit risk since its initial 
recognition full lifetime ECL is used. The impairment 
losses and reversals are recognised in Statement of 
Profit and Loss. ECL is the difference between all 
contractual cash flows that are due to the Company 
in accordance with the contract and all the cash 
flows that the entity expects to receive (i.e., all cash 
shortfalls), discounted at the original EIR.
 (h) Offsetting
  Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and 
the net amount presented in the Balance Sheet when, 
and only when, the Company currently has a legally 
enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends 
either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset 
and settle the liability simultaneously.
 (i) Share Capital
  Equity shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs 
directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are 
recognised as a deduction from equity. Income tax 
relating to transaction costs of an equity transaction is 
accounted for in accordance with Ind AS 12.
(5) Inventories
 Inventories are valued at lower of cost or net realisable 
value except scrap, which is valued at net estimated 
realisable value.
 The methods of determining cost of various categories of 
inventories are as follows:
Raw Material & Paking Material : FIFO Method
Stores and spares : Weighted Average 
Method
Work-in-progress and finished 
goods (manufactured)
: Weighted Average 
Method
Finished goods (traded) : FIFO Method
Goods in transit : Cost of Purchase
Fuel & Consumables : Weighted Average 
Method
 Cost includes all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and 
other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their 
present location and condition.
 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make 
the sale. The net realisable value of work-inprogress is 
determined with reference to the selling prices of related 
finished products. Raw materials and other supplies held 
for use in the production of finished products are not 
written down below cost, except in cases where material 
prices have declined and it is estimated that the cost of the 
finished products will exceed their net realisable value. The 
comparison of cost and net realisable value is made on an 
item-byitem basis.
(6) Cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and 
demand deposit with banks, which are short term, highly 
liquid investment, that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk 
of change in value.
99
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 91 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
(7) Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets
 (a) Provisions
  The Company recognizes a provision when: it has a 
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of 
past events, it is likely that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has 
been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized 
for future operating losses. Provisions are reviewed at 
each balance sheet and adjusted to reflect the current 
best estimates.
 (b) Contingent liabilities
  Contingent liabilities are disclosed in respect of 
possible obligations that arise from past event, whose 
existence would be confirmed by the occurrence or 
non occurrence of one or more uncertain future events 
not wholly within the control of the Company. A 
contingent liability also arises, in rare cases, where 
a liability cannot be recognised because it cannot be 
measured reliably.Contingent liabilities are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date
 (c) Contingent Assets
  A contingent assets is not recognised unless it become 
virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefit 
will arise. When an inflow of economic benefits 
is probable, contingent assets are disclosed in the 
financial statements. Contingent assets are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date
(8) Revenue Recognition
 Ind AS 115 applies, with limited exceptions, to all revenue 
arising from contracts with its customers. Ind AS 115 
establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising 
from contracts with customers and requires that revenue 
be recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration 
to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange 
for transferring goods or services to a customer. Ind AS 
115 requires entities to exercise judgment, taking into 
consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances 
when applying each step of the model to contracts with 
their customers. It also specifies the accounting for the 
incremental costs of obtaining a contract and the costs 
directly related to fulfilling a contract.
 (a) Sale of goods : Revenue from sale of goods is 
recognised when control of the products being sold 
is transferred to our customer and when there are 
no longer any unfulfilled obligations. Income from 
services rendered is recognised based on agreements/ 
arrangements with the customers as the service is 
performed and there are no unfulfilled obligations. 
The Company recognises revenue from goods sold 
and services rendered at Transaction Price which is 
the amount of consideration the Company expects to 
be entitled to in exchange for transferring promised 
goods or services to a customer, excluding the 
amounts collected on behalf of a third party. The 
Transaction price is net of discounts, sales incentives, 
rebates granted, returns, sales taxes, GST and duties 
and any other recoverable taxes
  Generally, in case of domestic sales, performance 
obligations are satisfied when the goods are dispatched 
or delivery is handed over to transporter, revenue 
from export of goods is recognised at the time of Bill 
of lading or airway bill or any other similar document 
evidencing delivery thereof.
 (b) Interest Income : Interest income from a financial 
asset is recognised when it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company and the 
amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest 
income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the 
principle outstanding and at the effective interest rate 
applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts 
estimated future cash receipts through the expected 
life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying 
amount on initial recognition.
 (c) Dividend income : Dividend income is recognised 
when the right to receive the dividend is established, it 
is probable that the economic benefits associated with 
the dividend will flow to the entity and the amount of 
the dividend can be measured reliably.
 (d) Export benefits : Export incentives are recognised as 
income when the right to receive credit as per the terms 
of the scheme is established in respect of the exports 
made and where there is no significant uncertainty 
regarding the ultimate collection of the relevant export 
proceeds.Such export incentives are recorded as part 
of other operating revenue
 (e) Contract asset & liabilities : Contract assets are 
recognised when there is excess of revenue earned 
over billings on contracts, excluding amounts 
classified as unbilled receivables (only act of invoicing 
is pending) when there is unconditional right to 
receive cash and only passage of time is required as 
per contractual terms.
  Contract liabilities are recognised when there are 
billings in excess of revenues. Contract liabilities relate 
to the advance received from customers and deferred 
revenue against which revenue is recognised when or 
as the performance obligation is satisfied.
(9) Retirement and other employee benefits
 The Company recognizes employee benefits as per the 
principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind 
AS) 19 – Employee Benefits, as set out below:
Annual Report 2025-26
100


===== PAGE 92 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 (a) Short-term Employee Benefits
  Short-term employee benefits are those which are 
due to be settled wholly within twelve months after 
the end of the period in which the employees render 
the related services. These include salaries, wages, 
bonuses, performance incentives, compensated 
absences (if expected to be availed within 12 months), 
and other non-monetary benefits. The undiscounted 
amount of short-term employee benefits is recognized 
as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the 
period in which the related service is rendered.
 (b) Post Employee Benefits
  Post Employee benefits plans are classified into 
defined benefits plans and defined contribution 
plans as under:
  (i) Defined Contribution Plans
   The Company’s contributions to Provident 
Fund and other defined contribution plans are 
recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss in the period in which the employees 
render services. The Company has no further 
obligation beyond its monthly contribution.
  (ii) Defined Benefit Plans
   The Company provides for gratuity, a defined 
benefit plan, in accordance with the Payment of 
Gratuity Act, 1972. The liability is determined 
using the Projected Unit Credit Method, with 
actuarial valuations being carried out at the 
end of each reporting period. The defined 
benefit liability recognized in the balance sheet 
represents the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation as reduced by the fair value of 
plan assets (if any).
   Actuarial gains and losses arising from 
experience adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognized immediately in 
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) and are not 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
   Past service cost is recognized immediately in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss. The net interest 
cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to 
the net defined benefit liability or asset.
 (c) Other Long-term Employee Benefits
  The Company’s obligation in respect of other long-
term employee benefits is the amount of future 
benefit that employees have earned in return for their 
service in the current and prior periods. That benefit 
is discounted to determine its present value. Re-
measurements are recognised in profit or loss in the 
period in which they arise
 (d) Termination Benefits
  Termination benefits are recognised as an expense 
when, as a result of a past event, the Company has a 
present obligation that can be estimated reliably, and 
it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will 
be required to settle the obligation.
 (e) Actuarial valuation
  The liability in respect of all defined benefit plans 
and other long term benefits is accrued in the books 
of account on the basis of actuarial valuation carried 
out by an independent actuary using the Projected 
Unit Credit Method. The obligation is measured at the 
present value of estimated future cash flows
  Remeasurement gains and losses on other long term 
benefits are recognised in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss in the year in which they arise. Remeasurement 
gains and losses in respect of all defined benefit plans 
arising from experience adjustments and changes in 
actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period 
in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive 
income. They are included in other equity in the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and in the Balance 
Sheet. Changes in the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments 
or curtailments are recognised immediately in profit 
or loss as past service cost. Gains or losses on the 
curtailment or settlement of any defined benefit plan 
are recognised when the curtailment or settlement 
occurs. Any differential between the plan assets (for 
a funded defined benefit plan) and the defined benefit 
obligation as per actuarial valuation is recognised as a 
liability if it is a deficit or as an asset if it is a surplus (to 
the extent of the lower of present value of any economic 
benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan 
or reduction in future contribution to the plan).
  Past service cost is recognised as an expense in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis 
over the average period until the benefits become 
vested. To the extent that the benefits are already 
vested immediately following the introduction of, or 
changes to, a defined benefit plan, the past service cost 
is recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss. Past service cost may be either positive 
(where benefits are introduced or improved) or 
negative (where existing benefits are reduced).
(10) Borrowing costs
 Borrowing costs include interest, other costs incurred 
in connection with borrowing and exchange differences 
arising from foreign currency borrowings to the extent 
that they are regarded as an adjustment to the interest cost. 
General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable 
to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying 
101
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 93 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial 
period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, 
are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the 
assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. 
All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of 
profit and loss in the period in which they are incurred
 In determining the amount of borrowing costs eligible for 
capitalization during a period, any income earned on the 
temporary investment of those borrowings is deducted 
from the borrowing costs incurred.
(11) Exceptional items
 Exceptional items refer to items of income or expense within 
the Statement of Profit and Loss from ordinary activities 
which are non-recurring and are of such size, nature or 
incidence that their separate disclosure is considered 
necessary to explain the performance of the Company.
(12) Taxes
 Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. 
It is recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss except to 
the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items 
recognised directly in equity or in OCI.
 (a) Current Tax
  Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or 
receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year 
and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable 
in respect of previous years. The amount of current 
tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the 
tax amount expected to be paid or received after 
considering uncertainty related to income taxes, if any. 
It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date.
  Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if there 
is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset and 
settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
 (b) Deferred Tax
  Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary 
differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the 
amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is 
not recognised for
  Temporary differences related to freehold land and 
investments in subsidiaries, to the extent that the 
Company is able to control the timing of the reversal 
of the temporary differences and it is probable that 
they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and 
taxable temporary differences arising on the initial 
recognition of goodwill.
  Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax 
losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which they 
can be used. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are 
reassessed at each reporting date and recognised 
to the extent that it has become probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which 
they can be used.
  Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to be applied to the period when the asset 
is realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws 
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the reporting date. The measurement of deferred 
tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow 
from the manner in which the Company expects, at 
the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying 
amount of its assets and liabilities.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if there 
is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset and 
settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
  Deferred income tax is not provided on the 
undistributed earnings of the subsidiaries where it is 
expected that the earnings of the subsidiary will not be 
distributed in the foreseeable future.
(13) Leases :
 The Company assesses whether a contract contains a 
lease, at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the 
right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company 
assesses whether:(1) the contact involves the use of an 
identified asset; (2) the Company has substantially all of the 
economic benefits from use of the asset through the period 
of the lease; and (3) the Company has the right to direct the 
use of the asset.
 The right-of-use assets are initially recognised at cost,which 
comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for 
any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement 
date of the lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease 
incentives. They are subsequently measured at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any.
 Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the commencement 
date on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term 
and useful life of the underlying asset. Right-of-use assets 
are tested for impairment whenever there is any indication 
that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
Impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Annual Report 2025-26
102


===== PAGE 94 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost 
at the present value of the future lease payments. The 
lease payments are discounted using the interest rate 
implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, using 
the incremental borrowing rates based on information 
available as at the date of commencement of the lease. Lease 
liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment 
to the related right-of-use asset if the Company changes 
its assessment of whether it will exercise an extension or 
a termination option. Lease liability and right-of-use asset 
have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and 
lease payments have been classified as financing cash flows.
 Ind AS 116 requires lessees to determine the lease term 
as the non-cancellable period of a lease adjusted with 
any option to extend or terminate the lease, if the use of 
such option is reasonably certain. The Company makes an 
assessment on the expected lease term on a lease-by-lease 
basis and thereby assesses whether it is reasonably certain 
that any options to extend or terminate the contract will 
be exercised. In evaluating the lease term, the Company 
considers factors such as any significant leasehold 
improvements undertaken over the lease term, costs 
relating to the termination of the lease and the importance 
of the underlying asset to Company’s operations taking 
into account the location of the underlying asset and the 
availability of suitable alternatives. The lease term in future 
periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects 
the current economic circumstances
(14) Foreign Currency Transactions:
 (a) Functional and presentation currency
  The functional currency of the Company is the Indian 
rupee. These financial statements are presented 
in Indian rupees
 (b) Transactions and balances
  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the 
functional currency using the exchange rates at the 
dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains 
and losses resulting from the settlement of such 
transactions and from the translation of monetary 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies 
at balance sheet date exchange rates are generally 
recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss.
  Non-monetary items that are measured at fair 
value in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the fair value was 
determined. Translation differences on assets and 
liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of 
the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation 
differences on nonmonetary assets such as equity 
investments classified as FVOCI are recognised in 
other comprehensive income (OCI)
(15) Government Grants :
 Government grants are recognised at their fair value where 
there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received 
and the Company will comply with all attached conditions
 Government grants relating to the purchase of property, 
plant and equipment are included in non current liabilities 
as deferred income and are credited to the statement of 
profit and loss on a straight line basis over the expected life 
of the related assets and presented within other income.
 Government grants relating to income are deferred and 
recognised in the statement of profit and Loss over the 
period necessary to match them with the costs that they are 
intended to compensate and presented within other income.
(16) Earnings Per Share :
 (a) Basic earnings per share
  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing: the 
profit attributable to owners of the Company by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements 
in equity shares issued during the year.
 (b) Diluted earnings per share
  Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used 
in the determination of basic earnings per share to 
take into account
  The after income tax effect of interest and other 
financing costs associated with dilutive potential 
equity shares, and
  The weighted average number of additional equity 
shares that would have been outstanding assuming 
the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares
(17) Fair Value Measurement
 The company measures financial instruments, such as, 
derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date. Fair 
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair 
value measurement is based on the presumption that the 
transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes 
place either: -
 In the principal market for the asset or liability, or - In the 
absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous 
market for the asset or liability The principal or the most 
advantageous market must be accessible by the Company.
 The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using 
the assumptions that market participants would use 
when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best interest.
103
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 95 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 A fair measurement of a non financial assets takes into 
account a market participant's ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by 
selling it to another market participant that would use the 
asset in its highest and best use.
 The company use valuation techniques that are appropriate in 
the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to 
measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable 
inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.
 All Assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole :-
 Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly observable.
 Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly unobservable.
 For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the balance 
sheet on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by 
re assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) 
at the end of each reporting period.
 For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has 
determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of 
the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability 
and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
(18) Events after the reporting period
 Events after the reporting period are those events, 
favourable and unfavourable, that occur between the end 
of the reporting period and the date when the financial 
statements are approved by the Board of Directors in case of 
a company, and, by the corresponding approving authority 
in case of any other entity for issue.
 Two types of events can be identified:
 (a) those that provide evidence of conditions that existed 
at the end of the reporting period (adjusting events 
after the reporting period); and
 (b) those that are indicative of conditions that arose after 
the reporting period (non-adjusting events after the 
reporting period).
(19) Recent Pronouncements
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standard or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued 
from time to time
 MCA has notified amendments to Ind AS 1 – Presentation 
of Financial Statements (classification of liabilities as current 
or non-current, including liabilities with covenants), Ind 
AS 12 – Income Taxes (International Tax Reform – Pillar 
Two Model Rules), Ind AS 21 – The Effects of Changes in 
Foreign Exchange Rates (Lack of Exchangeability), and Ind 
AS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107 – Financial 
Instruments: Disclosures (Supplier Finance Arrangements), 
effective from 1 April 2025. The Company has reviewed 
these amendments and based on its evaluation, has 
determined that they do not have any impact on the 
standalone financial statements.
(20) Previous Year
 Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged 
wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
104


===== PAGE 96 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Leasehold  Buildings  Plant & 
Equipments
 Plant & 
Equipments 
Energy 
Saving 
Device
 Electric 
Installation
 Laboratory 
Testing 
Equipments
 Furniture & 
Fixture  Vehicles  Office 
Equipments  Computers  Total
 Capital 
Work in 
Progress 
(CWIP)
Opening gross carrying amount as at 1st April 2024  449.88  1,027.24  2,442.94  0.05  29.92  6.62  11.30  95.38  11.37  7.63  4,082.33  21.86
Addition  3.00  20.82  4.03  1.08  1.99  2.73  1.04  34.70  7.61
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -  -
Disposals  (2.51)  (2.51)  (12.86)
Closing Gross carrying amount ended March 31,2025  449.88  1,030.24  2,461.26  0.05  33.95  7.70  13.29  95.38  14.10  8.67  4,114.52  16.61
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  98.46  265.15  561.21  0.02  9.26  1.93  3.31  36.53  4.44  5.01  985.33  -
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.61  122.54  0.00  2.88  0.72  1.17  9.06  2.36  2.60  181.20
Disposals  (1.57)  (1.57)
Closing accumulated depreciation  105.72  297.77  682.18  0.02  12.14  2.65  4.48  45.60  6.80  7.61  1,164.96  -
Net carrying amount Year ended March 31, 2025  344.15  732.48  1,779.08  0.03  21.81  5.06  8.81  49.79  7.30  1.06  2,949.56  16.61
Opening gross carrying amount as at 1st April 2025  449.88  1,030.24  2,461.26  0.05  33.95  7.70  13.29  95.38  14.10  8.67  4,114.52  16.61
Addition  -  -  88.25  -  0.95  3.87  0.25  -  2.55  0.24  96.11  38.99
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -  5.42  8.84  -  -  0.13  0.06  -  0.11  1.71  16.27  (19.87)
Sale of asset  -  -  (9.13)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1.15)  (10.27)  -
Disposals of asset  -  -  (23.34)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (23.34)  -
Closing Gross carrying amount ended March 31,2026  449.88  1,035.67  2,525.89  0.05  34.90  11.70  13.60  95.38  16.76  9.47  4,193.29  35.73
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  105.72  297.77  682.18  0.02  12.14  2.65  4.48  45.60  6.80  7.61  1,164.96  -
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.65  144.49  0.00  3.18  0.82  1.28  9.07  2.85  0.49  202.09  -
Sale of asset  -  -  (4.05)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1.09)  (5.15)  -
Disposals of asset  -  -  (5.18)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (5.18)  -
Closing accumulated depreciation  112.98  330.41  817.43  0.02  15.32  3.47  5.76  54.66  9.66  7.01  1,356.73  -
Net carrying amount Year ended March 31, 2026  336.89  705.25  1,708.46  0.03  19.58  8.24  7.84  40.72  7.10  2.46  2,836.56  35.73
2- Property, Plant and Equipment
105
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 97 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  26.73  9.00  -  -  35.73
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars - Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -  -  -  -  -
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  7.61  9.00  -  -  16.61
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars - Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -  -  -  -  -
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars
 Description 
of item of 
property
 Gross carrying 
value  
(H in lakhs)
 Title deeds 
held in the 
name of
 Whether title 
deed holder 
is a promoter, 
director or 
relative of 
promoter/ 
director or 
employee of 
promoter/
director
Property held 
since which 
date
NA NA NA NA NA NA
2- Property, Plant and Equipment (Contd..)
2.1 Capital Work-In-Progress (CWIP) Ageing Schedule
 As on March 31, 2026:
 As on March 31, 2025:
2.2 Intangible assets under development Aging Schedule
 As on March 31, 2026:
 As on March 31, 2025:
2.3 Details of Title Deed not held in the name of the company
Annual Report 2025-26
106


===== PAGE 98 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Right-of-Use Asset 
Building
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024  152.53
Additions  -
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2025  152.53
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2024  88.80
Depreciation charge for the year  19.06
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2025  107.86
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  44.66
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2025  152.53
Additions  98.91
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  251.43
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2025  107.86
Depreciation charge for the year  20.99
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  128.86
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2026  122.57
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Amount
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024  -
Additions  13.82
Disposals  (4.14)
As at 31st March 2025  9.68
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2024  -
Depreciation charge for the year  3.18
Disposals  (0.98)
As at 31st March 2025  2.20
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  7.48
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2025  9.68
Additions  3.60
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  13.28
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2025  2.20
Depreciation charge for the year  3.08
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  5.28
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2026  8.00
3(a) Right-of-Use Asset
3(b) Intangible Asset
107
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 99 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
4 Investment
4.1 Non Current Investments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
No of Shares Amount No of Shares Amount
Investments - (Unquoted) in Equity
Shares of Subsidiary Companies (Valued at cost)
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
- Investments in Equity Shares  31,160  16,505.80  26,030  12,504.40
- Investments in Optionally Convertible Preference 
Shares
 -  -  5,130  4,001.40
Total  31,160  16,505.80  31,160  16,505.80
 The increase in investment in equity shares is on account of conversion of OCPS into Equity on February 10,2026 1% Non-
Cumulative Optionally Convertible Preference Shares (“OCPRS”) of face value H 10/- each, fully paid-up, issued at an issue price 
of H 78,000/- per OCPRS (including a premium of H 77,990/-), into 5,130 (Five Thousand One Hundred Thirty) Equity Shares of 
face value H 10/- each, in the conversion ratio of 1:1 (1 Equity Share for every 1 OCPRS), as determined in accordance with the 
valuation report dated October 06, 2023, and as per the terms of the approved issue conditions
 Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 27 - Separate Financial Statements
 Investments in the following subsidiaries are accounted at cost
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of the Subsidiary Principal 
Activity
Country of 
Incorporation
% of equity interest
31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited Speciality 
Chemical
India 100 100
4.2 Current Investments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Other Investments - FVTPL
Quoted Investments
- Investments in Mutual Fund -Measured at FVTPL  2,598.02  -
Total  2,598.02  -
 Other Investments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
No of Units  Amount No of Units  Amount
Investments carried at fair value -Measured at FVTPL
 Investments in Mutual Fund (Quoted)
 - HSBC Money Market Fund Direct Growth  43,28,477.58  1,253.24  -  -
 - Kotak Savings Fund Growth  15,04,501.75  673.52  -  -
 - SBI Low Duration Fund Regular Growth Fund  18,476.59  671.26  -  -
 58,51,455.92  2,598.02  -  -
 1. Aggregate value of quoted investments and its market value is H 2,598.02 lakhs (PY Nil).
5 Other Non-current Financial Assets
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Security Deposits
Security Deposit  145.50  282.07
Unsecured, Considered Good
Total  145.50  282.07
Annual Report 2025-26
108


===== PAGE 100 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
6 Other Non Current Assets
(Unsecured, unless otherwise stated)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Capital Advances  -  -
Prepaid Expenses  3.00  -
Total  3.00  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year  109.17  24.41
Allowances/(write back) during the year  10.94  100.34
Written off against past provision  (1.20)  (15.58)
Balance at the end of the year  118.91  109.17
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Trade receivables  8,444.39  7,319.19
Less: Impairment Allowance  (118.91)  (109.17)
Trade Receivables (net)  8,325.48  7,210.02
Break-up of above details
(i) Unsecured, considered good  8,325.48  7,210.02
(ii) Unsecured, credit impaired  118.91  109.17
 8,444.39  7,319.19
Less: Impairment Allowance  (118.91)  (109.17)
Total  8,325.48  7,210.02
7 Inventories (at lower of cost and net realisable value)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Inventories
Raw Material (including stock in transit)  2,063.89  141.78
Work-in-Progress  203.37  56.98
Finished Goods  11.44  179.21
Packing Materials  7.77  5.75
Stores & Spares  10.57  11.86
Total  2,297.04  395.58
8 Trade Receivables
(a) Due to the short nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract.
(b) The Company applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment losses on trade 
receivables. The Company follows the simplified approach for recognition of impairment allowance on trade receivables. 
The application of the simplified approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises 
impairment allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised 
during the period is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected under the head ‘other expenses’ in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
(c) Movement in impairment allowance on trade receivables
109
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 101 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Cash and Cash Equivalents
(a) Balances with banks  306.01  474.00
(b) Cash on hand  1.29  5.89
Total  307.30  479.89
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Other Bank Balances
Fixed Deposits  351.74  2,254.00
(Maturity for less than twelve months)
Total  351.74  2,254.00
8 Trade Receivables (Contd..)
(d) Trade receivables (current) ageing :
 As at 31st March, 2026
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month
 6 Month 
to 1 Year  1-2 Year  2-3 Year  More than 
3 Year  Total
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 6,174.32  2,038.11  -  54.27  58.78  -  8,325.48
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  2.17  110.21  6.53  118.91
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  -
 6,174.32  2,038.11  -  56.44  168.99  6.53  8,444.39
Less - Impairment Allowance  -  -  -  -  -  -  (118.91)
Total  6,174.32  2,038.11  -  56.44  168.99  6.53  8,325.48
 As at 31 March, 2025
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month
 6 Month 
to 1 Year  1-2 Year  2-3 Year  More than 
3 Year  Total
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 5,885.20  1,198.47  44.98  81.36  -  -  7,210.02
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  100.34  -  8.83  109.17
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 5,885.20  1,198.47  44.98  181.70  -  8.83  7,319.19
Less - Impairment Allowance  -  -  -  -  -  -  (109.17)
Total  5,885.20  1,198.47  44.98  181.70  -  8.83  7,210.02
9 Cash and Cash Equivalents
10 Bank Balances Other than Cash & Cash Equivalents
Annual Report 2025-26
110


===== PAGE 102 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
11 Current Financial Assets - Loans (at amortised cost)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Unsecured, Considered Good
Loan to Employees  3.69  5.86
Total  3.69  5.86
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Advance Tax and Tax Deducted at Source (Net of Provision)  81.71  147.03
Total  81.71  147.03
12 Other Current Assets
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Other Current Assets
Balance with Statutory / Government Authorities  1,244.05  1,122.76
Receivable - Others  515.58  25.07
Prepaid Expenses  15.68  15.09
Advance to Suppliers  3,191.85  227.81
Custom Duty paid in Advance  -  38.82
Total  4,967.16  1,429.55
13 Current Tax Assets (Net)
14 Equity Share Capital
14.1 Authorised Share Capital
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount
Authorised:
6,00,00,000 Equity Shares of H 10/- each  6,00,00,000  6,000.00  6,00,00,000  6,000.00
Total  6,00,00,000  6,000.00  6,00,00,000  6,000.00
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount
Equity Share Capital  4,34,50,000  4,345.00  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
Add: Right Issue of Shares  1,08,62,500  1,086.25  -  -
Total  5,43,12,500  5,431.25  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
 Issued, Subscribed & Paid Up:
 *The increase in equity share capital is on account of Rights Issue Equity Shares on August 11, 2025, where No. of shares allotted were 1,08,62,500 at Issue 
price of H 75 each (Face Value H10 and Securities Premium H65)
 Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
 Equity Shares
 The Company has only one class of Shares referred to as Equity Shares having par value of H10. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive 
remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the 
number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
111
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 103 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
14 Equity Share Capital (Contd..)
14.2 Reconciliation of Equity Shares Outstanding
 A. Reconciliation of number of ordinary equity shares outstanding
(H In Lakhs.)
Ordinary Equity Shares Outstanding March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount
Shares outstanding at the beginning of 
the year
 4,34,50,000  4,345.00  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
Add: Right Issue of Shares  1,08,62,500  1,086.25  -  -
Shares outstanding at the end of the year  5,43,12,500  5,431.25  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
14.3 Details of Shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares
 A. Ordinary Equity Shares
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2026
 Number  % of Holding  Number  % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,54,37,500 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  50,84,612 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
(H In Lakhs.)
Ordinary Equity Shares March 31, 2026 March 31, 2026
 Number  % of Holding  Number  % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,54,37,500 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  50,84,612 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Kanchan Shantilal Vora  20,18,362 3.72%  16,14,690 3.72%
- Rachi Santosh Vora  8,662 0.02%  6,930 0.02%
- Varsha Paresh Shah  2,887 0.01%  2,310 0.01%
- Sangita Manoj Jain  1,490 0.00%  1,000 0.00%
 B Details of Shares held by Promoter and Promoter Group
15 Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
a. Securities Premium  20,996.76  14,099.84
b. Retained Earning  5,550.55  4,995.74
c. Other Comprehensive income  (2.70)  (2.26)
Total, Other Equity  26,544.62  19,093.31
Nature and Purpose of Reserves
Securities Premium
Security Premium Reserve is the additional amount charged on the face value of any share when the shares are issued, 
redeemed, and forfeited.
Retained Earning
Retained earning are the profits that the Company has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, any transfers from or to 
other comprehensive income, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders.
Annual Report 2025-26
112


===== PAGE 104 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
15 Other Equity (Contd..)
a. Securities Premium
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Opening Balance  14,099.84  14,132.44
Add - Reserve During the year  6,896.92  (32.60)
Closing Balance  20,996.76  14,099.84
b. Retained Earning
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Retained Earning
Opening Balance (Surplus in Profit & Loss)  4,995.73  5,210.75
Add: Net Profit for the year  554.82  (215.02)
Less:Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  -
Amount available for appropriation  5,550.55  4,995.74
Appropriation  -
Closing Balance  5,550.55  4,995.74
c. Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Opening Balance  (2.26)  -
Add: Fair value changes of various Financial intruments  -  -
Add: Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  (0.43)  (2.26)
Less : Transfer to retained earnings on disposal of FVOCI equity instruments  -  -
Closing Balance  (2.70)  (2.26)
16 Borrowings
16.1 Non-current
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(a) Unsecured
Balance as on March 31, 2026
- Indian currency loan  -  5,940.02
Total  -  5,940.02
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(a) Repayable on demand from Banks (secured)
Cash Credit Facility  -  -
Total  -  -
16.2 Current
 Footnotes:
 1 Working capital facilities from banks as at March 31, 2026 amounting to H Nil (P.Y - Nil) were secured by a first pari passu 
charge on the stock of raw materials, finished goods, stock in process, consumable stores ,book debts of the Company & 
Immovable Property - Factory Land & Building at L-13 , L-28 , L-28PT , L-29 and L-30 at MIDC Tarapur.
 2 The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
 3 There are no material differences between the quarterly statements of stock filed by the company with banks and the 
books of accounts.
 4 The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender in accordance 
with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
113
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 105 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
17 Lease Liability
17.1 Non-current
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Long term maturities of lease obligations  79.78  25.13
Total  79.78  25.13
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Current maturities of finance lease obligations  46.55  23.10
Total  46.55  23.10
17.2 Current
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company has lease contracts for its office premises and godowns with lease term between 1 year to 5 years. The 
Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company is 
restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets.
  (a) The movement in lease liabilities during the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025 is as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Balance at the beginning  48.23  65.79
Additions  98.91  -
Accretion of interest  4.61  5.54
Payment of lease liabilities  (25.43)  (23.10)
Balance at the end  126.33  48.23
Non-current  79.78  25.13
Current  46.55  23.10
  (b) The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Depreciation on right-of-use assets  20.99  19.06
Interest expense on lease liabilities  4.61  5.54
Expense relating to short-term leases  25.43  23.10
Total amount recognised in statement of profit and loss  51.03  47.70
18 Other Non-Current Financial Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Security Deposit
Aarti Industries Ltd  96.14  96.14
Total  96.14  96.14
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Provision For Employees Benefit
Provision for Gratuity  -  -
Provision for Leave Salary  10.74  8.56
Provision for Bonus  -  -
Total  10.74  8.56
19 Provisions
19.1 Non-current
Annual Report 2025-26
114


===== PAGE 106 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Provision For Employees Benefit
Provision for Gratuity  1.09  (3.68)
Provision for Leave Salary  0.86  1.20
Provision for Bonus  19.22  16.01
Total  21.17  13.53
19 Provisions (Contd..)
19.2 Current
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company presents provision for gratuity and leave salaries as current and non-current based on actuarial valuation 
considering estimates of availment of leave, separation of employees, etc.
 (ii) Detailed disclosure in respect of post-retirement defined benefit schemes is provided in Note 29.
20 Deferred Tax
Major components of deferred tax liabilities/(assets) arising on account of timing difference:
As at 31st March, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
 Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2025
Charge / (Credit) to 
Statement of Profit 
and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
As on 31st 
March, 2026
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per the 
books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 183.64  11.61  -  195.25
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:  -  -  -
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (33.80)  (3.74)  -  (37.54)
Fair Value Adjustments on Security Deposit  (2.02)  4.25  -  2.23
Fair Value Gain on Investments  -  0.32  -  0.32
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  0.76  (0.76)  (0.42)  (0.42)
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 -  -  -  -
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (23.38)  22.44  -  (0.94)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  125.20  34.11  (0.42)  158.90
As at 31st March, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2024
Charge / (Credit) to 
Statement of Profit 
and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March ,2025
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per the 
books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 129.24  54.40  -  183.64
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (55.69)  21.89  -  (33.80)
Fair Value Adjustments on Security Deposit  -  (2.02)  -  (2.02)
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  (7.58)  8.34  -  0.76
115
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 107 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Profit before tax  754.79  (144.78)
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168%  189.96  (36.44)
Tax effect on non-deductible expenses  6.33  160.95
Effect of Income which is taxed at special rates  14.79  5.68
Effect of concessions (depreciation under income tax act)  (67.07)  (74.95)
Others  22.19  (49.57)
Total  166.20  5.68
Tax expense as per Statement of Profit and Loss  166.20  5.68
20 Deferred Tax (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2024
Charge / (Credit) to 
Statement of Profit 
and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March ,2025
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 (4.36)  4.36  -  -
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (0.21)  (23.17)  -  (23.38)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  61.40  63.80  -  125.20
The major components of Income Tax Expense for the year:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(i) Income tax recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
Current tax:
For current year  166.20  5.68
Deferred tax:
For current year  33.77  64.56
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  199.96  70.24
(ii) Income tax expense recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
Deferred tax:
Income tax (expense) /benefit on remeasurement of defined benefit plans  0.07  0.76
Income tax (expense) /benefit on Fair Value Changes on various Financial 
Instruments
 -  -
Income tax benefit / (expense) recognised in OCI  0.07  0.76
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Trade & Non-Trade Payables
Trade payables *
(a) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises; and  16.16  6.90
(b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 6,001.35  1,933.16
Total  6,017.51  1,940.07
Reconciliation of tax expense and accounting profit for the year:
The tax rate used for reconciliation above is the corporate tax rate of 25.168% payable by corporate entities in India on taxable profits 
under Indian tax law. This rate is applicable subject to certain conditions, including that the total income should be computed without 
claiming specific deduction or exemptions.
21 Trade Payables
Annual Report 2025-26
116


===== PAGE 108 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(i) Trade payables ageing:
 As at 31st March, 2026
21 Trade Payables (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
 Total Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year  1 Year 
- 2 Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years
(i) MSME  -  11.03  5.13  -  -  -  16.16
(ii) Others  -  5,847.57  153.68  0.07  0.02  -  6,001.35
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 -  5,858.60  158.81  0.07  0.02  -  6,017.51
 As at 31st March, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
 Total Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year  1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years
(i) MSME  -  6.90  -  -  -  -  6.90
(ii) Others  -  1,834.02  95.90  3.25  -  -  1,933.16
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 -  1,840.92  95.90  3.25  -  -  1,940.07
(ii) Disclosures under Section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (as amended)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(i) (a) Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier  16.16  6.90
(b) Interest on (i)(a) above  -  -
(ii) The amount of interest paid along with the principal payment made to the supplier  -  -
(iii) Amount of interest due and payable on delayed payments  -  -
(iv) Amount of further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier years  -  -
(v) Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises  -  -
- Principal  16.16  6.90
- Interest  -  -
22 Other Financial Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(a) Creditors for Capital Goods  -  -
(b) Salaries and Wages Payable  35.41  30.83
(c) Outstanding Expenses  98.46  75.68
Total  133.86  106.51
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(a) Advance from customer  38.38  0.21
(b) Statutory Dues  10.42  11.32
Total  48.80  11.53
23 Other Current Liabilities
117
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 109 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
24 Revenue from Operations
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Sale of Manufactured Products  19,760.66  12,969.90
(b) Other revenue from operation  300.00  300.00
(c) Sale of Traded Products  1,643.59  66.28
Total  21,704.25  13,336.18
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Interest Income
Interest on Security Deposit  6.31  7.35
Interest on Income Tax Refund  3.61  11.76
Investments in debt instruments measured at fair value  0.83  10.76
Other financial assets carried at amortised cost  98.59  272.12
 109.34  302.00
(b) Other Income
Foreign Exchange Gain/ (Loss)  20.80  (1.47)
Gain on Financial Instrument  58.76  184.39
Profit/(loss) on sale of Fixed assets  (2.34)  0.48
Miscellaneous Income  50.16  10.07
 127.39  193.48
(c) Other Gains and Losses
Net gains (Losses) on fair value changes through FVTPL  52.75  47.34
Total  289.48  542.81
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Raw Materials Consumed
Opening Stock  141.78  366.33
Add: Purchases  18,906.27  10,937.90
 19,048.05  11,304.23
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Revenue as per contract price  21,704.25  13,336.18
(b) Less: Discount  -  -
Revenue as per the Statement of Profit and Loss  21,704.25  13,336.18
Footnotes:
(a) Reconciliation of revenue as per contract price and as recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
 Disaggregate revenue information
(b) In case of Domestic Sales, payment terms range from 60 days to 100 days based on geography and customers. In case of Export 
Sales these are either against documents at sight, documents against acceptance or letters of credit - 60 days to 120 days. There is 
no significant financing component in any transaction with the customers.
(c) The Company does not provide performance warranty for products, therefore there is no liability towards performance warranty.
(d) The Company does not have any remaining performance obligation as contracts entered for sale of goods are for a shorter duration.
25 Other Income
26 Cost of Materials Consumed
Annual Report 2025-26
118


===== PAGE 110 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
26 Cost of Materials Consumed (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Less: Closing Stock  1,979.64  141.78
 17,068.41  11,162.45
(b) Packing Materials Consumed
Opening Stock  5.75  12.93
Add: Purchases  86.36  46.20
 92.11  59.13
Less: Closing Stock  7.77  5.75
 84.34  53.38
Total Cost of Materials Consumed  17,152.75  11,215.83
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work in Progress
Stock at the end of the year
Finished Goods  11.44  179.21
Work-in-Progress  203.37  56.98
 214.80  236.18
Stock at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods  179.21  319.62
Work-in-Progress  56.98  302.66
 236.18  622.28
(Increase)/decrease in inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-
Progress
 21.38  386.10
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Purchase of traded goods  1,556.53  56.14
Total  1,556.53  56.14
27 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-Progress
28 Purhase of traded goods
29 Employee Benefits Expenses
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Salaries and wages  450.25  396.38
(b) Contribution to provident and other funds  30.25  24.45
(c) Staff welfare expenses  19.86  17.98
Total  500.36  438.80
A. Defined benefit plans
 (i) Post-employment benefits (Gratuity)
  The company provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in 
continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination 
is the employees last drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number 
of years of service. The gratuity plan is a funded plan and the company makes contributions to recognized funds in India. 
The company maintains a target level of funding to be maintained over a period of time based on estimations of expected 
gratuity payments.
119
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 111 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
29 Employee Benefits Expenses (Contd..)
  Aforesaid post-employment benefit plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest 
rate risk, salary risk and longevity risk.
  (i) Investment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate determined 
by reference to government bond yields. If the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
  (ii) Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability. However, this will be partially offset 
by an increase in the value of plan’s debt investments.
  (iii) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
  (iv) Longevity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of 
the mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan 
participants will increase the plan’s liability.
   Details of defined benefit obligations and plan assets (Gratuity)
   The amounts recognised in the balance sheet and the movements in the net defined benefit obligation over the year 
are as follows :
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Change in defined benefit obligations:
Obligation at the beginning of the year  97.30  86.61
Current Service Cost  6.42  5.35
Interest Cost  6.63  6.25
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss  0.18  3.36
Benefits Paid  (16.05)  (4.27)
Obligation at the end of the year  94.47  97.30
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  100.66  95.62
Interest income  6.85  6.90
Remeasurement gain/(loss) excluding amount included within 
employee benefit expense
 (0.33)  0.34
Contributions by the Employer  2.25  2.06
Benefits Paid  (16.05)  (4.27)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  93.38  100.65
   Amounts recognised in the balance sheet consist of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Present Value of Obligation  94.47  97.30
Fair Value of Plan Assets  (93.38)  (100.65)
 1.09  (3.35)
Recognised as:
Provision for Gratuity (non-current)  -  -
Provision for Gratuity (current)  1.09  (3.35)
Annual Report 2025-26
120


===== PAGE 112 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
29 Employee Benefits Expenses (Contd..)
   Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss consists of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Employee benefits expenses:
Current service cost  6.42  5.35
Net interest expense  (0.23)  (0.65)
 6.19  4.69
Other comprehensive income
Return on plan assets excluding amount included in employee benefits 
expense
 0.33  (0.34)
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in demographic assumption  -  -
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumption  (4.62)  2.34
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in experience adjustments  4.80  1.03
 0.50  3.03
Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss  6.70  7.72
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Asset category
Insurance fund  93.38  100.65
Total  93.38  100.65
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Financial Assumptions:
Discount Rate 7.59% 6.81%
Rate of escalation in Salary 5.50% 5.50%
Demographic Assumptions:
Rate of Employee Turnover 3.00% 3.00%
Mortality Rate Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
1st following year  15.77  14.20
2nd following year  3.22  7.94
3rd following year  13.97  8.39
4th following year  14.02  12.25
5th following year  8.25  15.21
Sum of year 6 To 10  40.48  30.26
Sum of Years 11 and above  78.57  77.13
   The major categories of plans assets are as follows:
   Key assumptions used in the measurement of retiring gratuity is as below:
   Maturity profile of projected benefit obligation (from fund) :
   Footnotes
   (i) The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions 
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
121
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 113 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
29 Employee Benefits Expenses (Contd..)
   (ii) The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit 
obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the 
assumptions may be correlated.
   (iii) Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected benefit obligation 
has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same 
method as applied in calculating the projected benefit obligation as recognised in the balance sheet.
   (iv) There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
   (v) The Company has contributed H 2.25 lakhs (PY H 2.06 lakhs ) to defined benefit plan obligations funds for the year 
ended March 31, 2026.
   (vi) Expected return on assets is determined by multiplying the opening fair value of the plan assets by the expected 
rate of return determined at the start of the annual reporting period, taking account of expected contributions & 
expected settlements during the reporting period.
   (vii) The Weighted Average Duration of the Plan works out to 8 years.
   (viii) Asset Liability matching strategy:
    The money contributed by the Company to the Gratuity fund to finance the liabilities of the plan has to be 
invested. The trustees of the plan have outsourced the investment management of the fund to an insurance 
Company. The insurance Company in turn manages these funds as per the mandate provided to them by the 
trustees and the asset allocation which is within the permissible limits prescribed in the insurance regulations. 
Due to the restrictions in the type of investments that can be held by the fund, it is not possible to explicitly follow 
an asset liability matching strategy. There is no compulsion on the part of the Company to fully prefund the 
liability of the Plan.
 (ii) Other long-term employee benefots
  Annual Leave and Sick Leave assumptions
  The liability towards compensated absences (annual leave and sick leave) for the year ended 31 st March, 2026 based on 
actuarial valuation carried out by using Projected Accrued Benefit Method resulted in liability of H 11.60 lakhs.
B. Defined contribution plans
 Provident Fund
 The company has certain defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund for employees at the rate of 12% 
of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by the government. The 
obligation of the company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor any constructive obligation. 
The expense recognized during the period towards defined contribution plan are H 16.53 lakhs (PY H 15.26 lakhs).
C. On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified provisions of the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 
2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020 and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, (‘Labour Codes’) 
which consolidate twenty-nine existing labour laws into a unified framework governing employee benefits during employment 
and post-employment. The Labour Codes, amongst other things introduces changes, including a uniform definition of wages and 
enhanced benefits relating to leave. The Company has assessed the financial implications of these changes which has resulted in 
increase in gratuity liability arising out of past service cost and increase in leave liability. Considering the impact arising out of 
an enactment of the new legislation is an event of non-recurring nature, the Company has presented this incremental amount as 
“Contribution to Provident Fund” under “Employee Benefit Expenses” in the Condensed Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the year ended March 31, 2026. The Company continues to monitor the developments pertaining to Labour Codes and will 
evaluate impact if any on the measurement of the employee benefits liability
Annual Report 2025-26
122


===== PAGE 114 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
30 Finance Costs
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Interest Expense-Bank  20.43  11.82
Interest on finance lease obligations  4.61  5.54
Interest Others  1.07  0.18
Total  26.11  17.53
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Depreciation on property plant and equipment  205.20  183.40
Depreciation on Right-of-use assets  20.99  19.06
Total  226.20  202.46
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Consumption of stores and spare parts  57.62  34.22
Consumption of Power & Steam  729.32  585.50
Freight Octroi & Cartage  294.31  122.50
Repairs & Maintenance
- Building  13.19  24.86
- Plant & Machinery  28.23  14.40
Insurance Charges  13.26  15.78
Water & Drainage Charges  11.33  8.62
Effluent Treatment Plant Charge  17.54  13.30
Labour Charges  248.61  222.69
Statutory Liability  -  0.05
Safety & Security Charges  15.03  12.62
Laboratory charges  13.08  14.82
Legal and Professional Fees  44.00  49.82
Vehicle Expenses  3.67  3.91
Commission and Incentives on sales  68.30  54.49
Auditor's Remuneration  4.41  4.41
Provision for Bad and Doubtful Debts  9.74  84.76
Sundry balance written off  -  (0.00)
Director Sitting Fees  2.20  1.30
Donation  0.55  21.69
Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  325.12
Disposal of asset  18.16  -
Miscellaneous Expenses  163.08  92.05
Total  1,755.63  1,706.91
Note: Finance costs incurred on various projects being qualifying assets is capitalised in accordance with Ind AS 23.
On adoption of Ind AS 116 Leases, the Company has recognised Right-of-use assets and created lease obligation representing present 
value of future minimum lease payments.
31 Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment Expenses
32 OTHER EXPENSES
123
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 115 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Net Profit available for Equity Shareholders  554.39  (217.28)
No. of Equity Shares as per financial statement  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Basic Earnings Per Share* (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year)
 5,03,84,144  4,34,50,000
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Diluted Earnings Per Share** (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year)
 5,03,84,144  4,34,50,000
Basic Earnings Per Share (in H)  1.10  (0.50)
Diluted Earnings Per Share (in H)  1.10  (0.50)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Basic and Diluted EPS (in Nos)
Existing (Nos)  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000
Right Issue  1,08,62,500  -
Total Number of shares after conversion  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Bonus Issue in Previous year  -  -
Bonus Issue in current year  -  -
Total Number of shares after Bonus issue  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Payment to Auditors
- For Statutory Audit  1.75  1.75
- For Tax Audit  1.00  -
- For Other Services - Certificate  1.66  2.66
Total  4.41  4.41
32 OTHER EXPENSES (Contd..)
32.1 Details of payments to Auditors
33 EARNING PER SHARE (EPS):
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity shares that would be issued on 
conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into Equity shares.
Number of Shares for Computation of EPS
34 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for)
Contingent Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
(i) GST matters (including penalty)  98.97  -
(ii) Income tax matters  -  -
(iii) Labour laws related matters (ESIC)  -  -
(iv) Bank Guarantee  8.00  8.00
(v) Corporate Guarantee*  4,494.87  6,180.44
Total  4,601.84  6,188.44
*Corporate Guarantee given by VLL on behalf on VASPL is H100 crores out of which only H44.95 crores has been availed as on Mar 26 Future cash outflows in respect 
of the above matters are determinable only on receipt of judgments/decisions pending at various stages/forums
Annual Report 2025-26
124


===== PAGE 116 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
34 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for) (Contd..)
(a) Commitments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of advances)
 -  -
(b) Letters of Credit and Bank guarantees issued by bankers towards 
procurement of goods and services and outstanding as at year end
 38.05  1,418.98
Total  38.05  1,418.98
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(A) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  -  -
(B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -  -
On purposes other than above  -  -
Total  -  -
(C) Amount spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -
On purposes other than above  -  -
Total  -  -
(D) Details of ongoing project and other than ongoing project
(i) In case of Section 135(6) (ongoing project)
Opening Balance - With Company  -  -
 - In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -  -
Amount required to be spent during the year  -  -
Amount spent during the year - From Company’s bank A/c'  -  -
 - From Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -  -
Closing Balance - With Company  -  -
 - In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -  -
(ii) In case of Section 135(5) (other than ongoing project)
Opening Balance  (1.34)  (1.34)
Adjustment of previous year
Restated opening balance
Amount deposited in Specified Fund of Sch. VII within 6 months
Amount required to be spent during the year  -  -
Amount spent during the year  -  -
Closing balance (Excess spent)  (1.34)  (1.34)
(E) Details related to spent / unspent obligations :
(i) Education and skill Development  -  -
(ii) Covid-19 Relief  -  -
(iii) Livestock Development  -  -
(iv) Medical Grants,Healthcare Facilities  -  -
(v) Rural and socially backward society Develop ment  -  -
(vi) Tribal Welfare  -  -
(vii) Water Manage ment- Conservation  -  -
(viii) Women Empowerment And Livelihood  -  -
(ix) Green Environment Project  -  -
(ix) Health Care  -  -
(x) Food Welfare  -  -
(xi) General Welfare Activities  -  -
(xii) Unspent amount in relation to:  -  -
- Ongoing projects  -  -
- Other than ongoing projects  -  -
(b) Corporate Social Responsibility
125
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 117 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
35 Segment Information
The operating segments have been reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Board of Directors, who 
are the Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODM). The board responsible for allocating resources and assessing the performance of 
operating segments. Accordingly, the reportable segment is only one segment i.e. Pharmaceuticals.
(a) Revenue from Type of Product and Services
 There is only one operating segment of the Company which is based on nature of product. Hence the revenue from external 
customers shown under geographical information is representative of revenue based on product and services.
(b) Geographical Information
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Segment Revenue - External Turnover
Within India  21,294.50  13,272.06
Outside India  409.75  64.12
Total  21,704.25  13,336.18
Non-Current Assets*
Within India  3,151.37  3,300.39
Outside India  -  -
Total  3,151.37  3,300.39
 * includes property plant and equipment, intangible assets, capital work-in-progress, other non-financial assets & non-current assets.
(c) Information about major customers
 For the year ended 31st March,2026, revenue from transactions with any single external customer did not amount to 10% or more 
of the Company’s total revenue. Accordingly, the Company has not disclosed any individual customer as a major customer in 
accordance with Ind AS 108 Segment Reporting.
36 Related Party Transactions
Disclosure on Related Party Transactions as required by Ind AS 24 - Related Party Disclosures is given below:
Holding
Name Relation
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP Holding
Valiant Organics limited Ultimate holding
Subsidiary
Name Relation
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company
(a) Key Managerial Personnel:
Name Designation
Mr Santosh Vora Managing Director
Mr Paresh Shah Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer
Ms Prajakta Patil (Resigned w.e.f June 15, 2025) Company Secretary
Mr Akshay Gangurde (Appointed w.e.f July 9, 2025) Company Secretary
Annual Report 2025-26
126


===== PAGE 118 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
36 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
(b) Other entities where significant influence exist:
 (i) Post-employment-benefit plan entity:
  The Trustee Valiant Laboratories Limited
  Compensation of key management personnel of the Company:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(i) Short-term employee benefits  44.50  42.00
(ii) Director Sitting fees  2.20  1.68
Total compensation paid to key management personnel  46.70  43.68
(c) Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel
 Mr. Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Kanchan Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora
 Mr. Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Sushila Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Varsha Paresh Shah
 Mr. Dhirenbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mr. Mehulbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Meena Dhiren Shah
 Mr. Devansh Paresh Shah
 Ms. Nirali Shah Sheth
 Mr. Dnyaneshwar Gangurde
 Mrs. Baby Gangurde
 Mr. Nihal Gangurde
 Ms. Sonali Gangurde
(d) Other related parties
Name Designation
Mrs. Sonal Vira Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Sandeep Gupta Non Executive Director
Mr. Mulesh Savla Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Ashok Chheda Non Executive Independent Director
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding with related parties (Companies / body corporates)
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Dhanvallabh Ventures 
LLP
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  4,861.61
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  4,861.61  -  -  -
Aarti Industries Limited Purchase of Goods  14.69  -  -  -
127
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 119 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
36 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Aarti Pharmalabs 
Limited
Rent Received  300.00  -  354.00  27.00
Sale of Goods  513.46  290.33  -  -
Purchase of Goods  288.76  31.11  281.74  -
Deposit  -  96.14  -  96.14
Reimbursement - Electricity & Water  622.68  65.81  643.39  45.76
Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private Limited
Investment (Share Capital)  -  16,505.80  8,408.47  16,505.80
Sale of Asset  -  -  6.57  6.57
Reimbursement - Salary  15.33  -  6.00  6.00
Reimbursement - Others  3.13  -  -  -
Other Income  0.20  -  -  -
Sale of Goods  1,130.74  -  -  -
Advance to Supplier  2,930.75  -  188.96  188.96
Purchase of Goods  2,059.50  -  0.21  0.21
Unsecured Loans Given  -  -  -  -
Unsecured Loans Repayment  -  -  -  -
Valiant Organics Limited Purchase of Goods  10,739.60  5,496.07  5,015.40  1.00
Purchase of Assets  -  -  4.13  -
Sale of Goods  -  -  0.59  -
Sale of Asset  2.50  -  -  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Mr Santosh Vora Remuneration  27.00  -  12.00  1.00
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  360.03
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  360.03  -  -  -
Commission  -  -  -  -
Sitting Fees  -  -  -  -
Mr Shantilal Vora Commission  -  -  -  -
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  358.94
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  358.94  -  -  -
Sitting Fees  0.50  -  0.40  -
Mr Paresh Shah Remuneration  15.00  -  15.00  1.25
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  359.43
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  359.43
Commission  -  -  -  -
Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora Remuneration  2.50  -  15.00  1.25
Mrs. Sonal Vira Sitting Fees  0.50  -  0.45  -
Mr Velji Gogri Sitting Fees  -  -  0.20  -
Mr Mulesh Salva Sitting Fees  0.58  -  0.33  -
Mr Sandeep Gupta Sitting Fees  0.25  -  0.20  -
Mr Ashok Chheda Sitting Fees  0.38  -  0.10  -
Ms Prajakta Patil Salary  3.84  -  13.66  2.06
Mr Akshay Gangurde Salary  10.33  -  -  -
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) / Close Family Member  
of Key Managerial Personnel:
Annual Report 2025-26
128


===== PAGE 120 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
36 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Entities Controlled/Significantly influenced by Directors/ Close 
Family Members of Directors:
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Balance as 
on 31.03.2026
 Transaction 
value
 Balance as 
on 31.03.2025
The Trust Valiant 
Laboratories Limited
Contribution to the Gratuity Funds  2.61  -  2.39  -
37 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values
Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”
Category-wise classification for applicable financial assets:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
As at 31st March'2026 As at 31st March'2025
Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Financial Assets
Financial assets measured at cost
Investment in Subsidiaries Non-
Current
 16,505.80  N.A  N.A  N.A  16,505.80  N.A  N.A  N.A
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost
Security Deposits Non-
Current
 145.50  N.A  N.A  N.A  282.07  N.A  N.A  N.A
Prepaid Expenses Non-
Current
 3.00  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Trade Receivables Current  8,325.48  N.A  N.A  N.A  7,210.02  N.A  N.A  N.A
Cash on hand Current  1.29  N.A  N.A  N.A  5.89  N.A  N.A  N.A
Balance with Banks Current  306.01  N.A  N.A  N.A  474.00  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Fixed Deposits Current  351.74  N.A  N.A  N.A  2,254.00  N.A  N.A  N.A
Loans to employees Current  3.69  N.A  N.A  N.A  5.86  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Receivables Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
 25,642.51  26,737.64
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(FVTOCI)
Investments in Mutual Fund Current  2,598.02 2,598.02  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
 2,598.02 2,598.02  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Financial Assets  28,240.54 2,598.02  -  -  26,737.64  -  -  -
Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities measured 
at amortised cost
Unsecured Loans Non-
Current
 -  N.A  N.A  N.A  5,940.02  N.A  N.A  N.A
Long-term maturities of lease 
obligations
Non-
Current
 79.78  N.A  N.A  N.A  25.13  N.A  N.A  N.A
Security Deposit Non-
Current
 96.14  N.A  N.A  N.A  96.14  N.A  N.A  N.A
Short term borrowings - 
Working capital loans from 
Banks
Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
129
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 121 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
37 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
As at 31st March'2026 As at 31st March'2025
Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Trade Payables
- Due to Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises
Current  16.16  N.A  N.A  N.A  6.90  N.A  N.A  N.A
- Due to Others Current  6,001.35  N.A  N.A  N.A  1,933.16  N.A  N.A  N.A
Creditors for Capital Goods Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Current maturities of finance 
lease obligations
Current  46.55  N.A  N.A  N.A  23.10  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Financial liabilities Current  133.86  N.A  N.A  N.A  106.51  N.A  N.A  N.A
Total Financial Liabilities  6,373.83  8,130.97
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 : Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity instruments and mutual 
funds that have quoted price. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV.
Level 2 : The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation techniques which 
maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required 
to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
Level 3 : If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the 
case for unlisted equity securities etc. included in level 3.
This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are (a) 
recognised and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the financial 
statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the group has classified its 
financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standard. An explanation of each level followed is given in 
the table above.
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s Risk Management 
framework. The Board has established the Risk Management Committee, which is responsible for developing and monitoring the 
Company’s Risk Management policies. The Committee reports regularly to the Board of Directors on its activities.
The Company’s financial assets comprise mainly of investments, cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables 
and other receivables and financial liabilities comprise mainly of borrowings, trade payables and other payables
The Company’s activities expose it to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. The Company’s overall risk management focuses on the 
unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Company. The 
Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps to hedge foreign currency risk 
and interest rate risk exposure . Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.
A. Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market 
prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk and currency risk. Financial instruments affected by market 
risk include borrowings, investments, trade payables, trade receivables
 (i) Interest rate risk
  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of the financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes 
in market interest rates.
Annual Report 2025-26
130


===== PAGE 122 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
 (ii) Foreign currency risk
  Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates. The Company transacts in several currencies and consequently the Company is exposed to foreign 
exchange risk through its sales outside India and purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The 
exchange rate between the Indian rupee and foreign currencies has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate 
substantially in the future. Consequently, the results of the Company’s operations are affected as the rupee appreciates 
/ depreciates against these currencies. Foreign currency exchange rate exposure is partly balanced by purchase of raw 
materials and services in the respective currencies.
  As at the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of the material foreign currency denominated monetary assets 
and liabilities are as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
 As at March 2026  As at March 2025
Amount in 
foreign currency
Amount in 
Rupees- INR
Amount in 
foreign currency
Amount in 
Rupees- INR
Liabilities
United States Dollar (USD)  -  -  16.25  1,418.36
 -  -  -  1,418.36
Assets
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  0.03  2.43
Euro (EURO)  0.16  14.99  0.09  8.74
United States Dollar (USD)  3.59  332.07  -  -
 -  347.06  -  11.17
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (total)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.16)  (14.99)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  (3.59)  (332.07)  16.25  1,418.36
Foreign exchange derivatives
USD (Hedged) - Currency swaps against 
foreign currency borrowings
 -  -  -  -
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (unhedged)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.16)  (14.99)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  (3.59)  (332.07)  16.25  1,418.36
B. Credit risk
 Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to 
a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities, primarily for trade receivables and deposits 
with banks and other financial assets. The Company ensures that sales of products are made to customers with appropriate 
creditworthiness. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored by the management. An impairment analysis is 
performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major customers. Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited 
as the Company generally invest in deposits with banks.
 Refer footnotes (d) below note no. 8 for ageing of trade receivables and movement in credit loss allowance.
C. Liquidity Risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its financial obligations without incurring unacceptable losses. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per 
requirements. The Company has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital lines from various banks. Furthermore, the 
Company have access to undrawn lines of committed borrowing/facilities. The Company invests its surplus funds in bank fixed 
deposits and in mutual funds, which carry no or low market risk. The company consistently generates sufficient cash flows from 
operations or from cash and cash equivalents to meet its financial obligations including lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
131
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 123 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
 (i) Financing arrangements
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Secured borrowing facilities
- Amount unused   1,626.00  1,700.00
Total  -  1,700.00
 (ii) Maturity profile of financial liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Less than 
1 year
Between 1 
to 5 years Over 5 years Less than 
1 year
Between 
1 to 5 years Over 5 years
As on 31st March, 2026
Borrowings  -  -  -  -  5,940.02  -
Lease Liabilities  46.55  79.78  -  23.10  25.13  -
Trade Payables  6,017.41  0.10  -  1,936.82  3.25  -
Other Financial Liabilities  133.86  -  -  106.51  -  -
 6,197.82  79.87  -  2,066.43  5,968.40  -
D. Capital Management
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity shareholders. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximise the 
shareholder value, safeguard business continuity and support the growth of the Company. The Company manages its capital 
structure and makes suitable adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions.
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Borrowings - Current and Non-Current  -  5,940.02
Long-term maturities of Lease obligations  79.78  25.13
Current maturities of Lease obligations  46.55  23.10
Less: cash and cash equivalent  (307.30)  (479.89)
Less: other balances with banks  (351.74)  (2,254.00)
Less: current investments  (2,598.02)  -
Net Debts  (3,130.74)  3,254.36
Total Equity  31,975.87  23,438.31
% Net debt to equity ratio (9.79%) 13.88%
39
(A) Value and percentage of Raw Materials and Stores and Spares consumed:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Raw Materials
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 74.70% 66.12%
Amount (H in lakhs)  12,750.50  7,380.95
Imported
Percenatge (%) 25.30% 33.88%
Amount (H in lakhs)  4,317.91  3,781.51
Total Raw Material Consumed  17,068.41  11,162.45
Stores & Spares
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 100.00% 100.00%
Amount (H in lakhs)  57.62  34.22
Annual Report 2025-26
132


===== PAGE 124 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
39 (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Imported
Percenatge (%)  -  -
Amount (H in lakhs)
Total Stores & Spares Consumed  57.62  34.22
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Raw Material  4,350.75  3,801.23
Capital Goods  14.99  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Foreign Business Expense  7.21  -
Bank Charges  -  -
Commission Expense  -  -
Others  -  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
F.O.B Value of Export  409.75  64.12
(B) C.I.F Value of Import
(C) Expenditure in Foreign Currency
(D) Earnings in Foreign Currency
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
(a) The Company does not have any benami property held in its name. No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending 
against the Company for holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules 
made thereunder.
(b) The Company does not have any transactions or relationships with any companies struck off under Section 248 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 or Section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956.
(c) The Company has complied with the requirement with respect to number of layers as prescribed under section 2(87) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
(d) Utilisation of borrowed funds and share premium:
 (i) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
  - Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
133
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 125 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 (Contd..)
 (ii) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
  - directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
(e) There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961  
(such as search or survey), that has not been recorded in the books of account.
(f) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the year.
43 Ratio Analysis
Sr. 
No. Ratio Numerator Denominator
As at 
31st March 
2026
As at 
31st March 
2025
% Change Reason for variance
1 Current ratio Current Assets Current Liabilities  3.02  5.69 (46.93%) Increase in 
inventory & 
Advance to 
Supllier has led to 
variance in ratio
2 Net Debt- Equity 
ratio
Net debt = Non-current 
borrowings + Current 
borrowings + Non-
current and current 
lease liabilities - Current 
investments - Cash and 
cash equivalents - Other 
balances with banks 
(including non-current 
earmarked balances)
Average Equity 
[Equity = Equity share 
capital + Other equity]
 -  0.14 (181.81%) Repayment of 
borrowings during 
the year
3 Debt Service 
Coverage ratio
Earnings for debt 
service =Profit before 
tax + depreciation and 
amortisation expense + 
finance costs]
Debt service = Finance 
costs + scheduled 
principal repayments 
(excluding 
prepayments) during 
the year for non-
current borrowings 
(including current 
maturities) and lease 
liabilities
 (0.17) (2,405.29) (99.99%) Repayment of 
borrowings during 
the year
4 Return on Equity 
ratio
Profit after tax Average total equity 
[Equity = Equity share 
capital + Other equity]
2.00% (0.91%) (319.44%) Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
5 Inventory 
Turnover Ratio
Cost of goods sold Average Inventory  13.91  16.69 (16.63%)
6 Trade Receivable 
Turnover ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Average Trade 
Receivable
 2.79  2.26 23.43%
Annual Report 2025-26
134


===== PAGE 126 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
43 Ratio Analysis (Contd..)
Sr. 
No. Ratio Numerator Denominator
As at 
31st March 
2026
As at 
31st March 
2025
% Change Reason for variance
7 Trade Payable 
Turnover ratio
Adjusted Expenses 
[Adjusted Expenses = 
Total Expenses - Finance 
Cost - Depreciation 
and Amortisation 
Expense – Employee 
Benefit Expenses – 
Other expenses with 
respect to Rates & Taxes, 
Provision for Doubtful 
Debts, Provision for 
Impairment and Foreign 
Exchange Gain/Loss]
Average Trade 
Payables
 5.13  5.86 (12.40%)
8 Net Capital 
Turnover ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Average Working 
capital = Current 
assets – Current 
liabilities
193.00% 94.86% 103.46% Increase in 
revenue during the 
year
9 Net Profit ratio Profit after tax Revenue from 
operations
2.56% (1.61%) (258.55%) Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
10 Return on 
Capital 
Employed
Earnings before interest 
and tax
Average Capital 
Employed (Capital 
Employed = Total 
Assets -Total Current 
& Non Current 
Liabilities+Deferred 
tax)
2.43% (0.54%) (549.99%) Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
135
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 127 =====
Independent Auditors' Report
TO 
THE MEMBERS OF 
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Opinion:
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated financial 
statements of VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED (the 
Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as 
“the Group”), which comprising of the consolidated Balance 
sheet as at March 31 2026 the consolidated Statement of Profit and 
Loss, including other comprehensive income, the consolidated 
Cash Flow Statement and the consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, including a summary of material accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of 
reports of other auditors on separate financial statements and on 
the other financial information of the subsidiaries, the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements give the information required 
by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the 
consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2026, 
their consolidated profit including other comprehensive income, 
their consolidated cash flows and the consolidated statement of 
changes in equity for the year ended on that date. 
Basis for Opinion:
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those 
Standards are further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements’ section of 
our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with 
the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to 
our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the 
Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key audit Matter
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Sr. No Key Audit Matter Auditors Response
1. Accuracy, Completeness and disclosure with 
reference to Ind AS 16 of Property, Plant and 
Equipment
Peculiarity and technical complexities of Property, 
Plant and Equipment used in the operations and 
different IT systems used for maintaining Fixed 
Asset Register (FAR) requires more attention to 
ensure reasonably accurateness and completeness of 
financial reporting in respect of Property, Plant and 
Equipment.
Further, due to technical complexities management 
is required to assess and make estimates/
judgments about capitalization, estimated useful 
life, impairment etc. which has material impact on 
Balance Sheet and operating results
Principal Audit Procedures
Our audit approach consisted of testing the design and operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls and substantive testing as follows:
(a) We assessed the Company’s process regarding maintenance of 
records, Valuation and accounting of transactions relating to 
Property, Plant and Equipment as per the Ind AS 16.
(b) We have evaluated the design of Internal Controls relating to 
recording and valuation of Property, Plant and Equipment.
(c) We have carried out substantive audit procedures at financial and 
assertion level to verify the capitalization of assets as Property, 
Plant and Equipment.
(d) We have verified the maintenance of records and accounting of 
transactions regarding capital work in progress by carrying out 
substantive audit procedures at financial and assertion levels.
(e) We have reviewed management judgement pertaining to 
estimation of useful life and depreciation of the Property, Plant and 
Equipment in accordance with Schedule II of Companies Act, 2013.
(f) We have verified the capitalization of borrowing cost incurred on 
qualifying asset in accordance with the Ind AS 23.
Annual Report 2025-26
136


===== PAGE 128 =====
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon:
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible 
for the other information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the Annual report, but does not 
include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon. 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether such other information is 
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements 
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to 
be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, 
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report 
in this regard. 
Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated 
Financial Statements:
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial 
statements in terms of the requirements of the Act that give a true 
and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated 
financial performance including other comprehensive income, 
consolidated cash flows and consolidated statement of changes 
in equity of the Group in accordance with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of 
the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of their respective companies and for 
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection 
and application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant 
to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been 
used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
management is responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, 
matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The respective Boards of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the financial 
reporting process of the Group.
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statement:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive 
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The 
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of 
the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Holding Company has adequate internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements in 
place and the operating effectiveness of such controls. 
	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
	 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the ability of the Group and its associates, joint 
ventures and joint operation to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the 
related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, 
future events or conditions may cause the Group and its 
associates, joint ventures and joint operation to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
137
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 129 =====
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
	 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the 
financial information of the entities or business activities 
within the Group and its associates, joint ventures and joint 
operation of which we are the independent auditors, to 
express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the audit of the financial statements of such 
entities included in the consolidated financial statements 
of which we are the independent auditors. For the other 
entities included in the consolidated financial statements, 
which have been audited by other auditors, such other 
auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the audits carried out by them. We 
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance of 
the Holding Company and such other entities included in 
the consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our 
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits 
of such communication.
Other Matter
1. The consolidated financial statements also include the net 
loss (including other comprehensive loss) of 880.76 lakhs for 
the year ended 31 March 2026 in respect of one subsidiary, 
whose financial information have not been audited by us.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements:
2. As required by clause (xxi) of paragraph 3 of Companies 
(Auditor’s Report) order, 2020 (‘the Order’) issued by the 
Central Government of India in terms of section 143(11) 
of the Act based on the consideration of the Order reports 
issued, of companies included in the consolidated financial 
statements and covered under the Act we report that there 
are no qualifications or adverse remarks reported in the 
respective Order reports of such companies.
3. As required by section 143(3) of the Act, based on my 
audit, I report that:
 a) We the other auditors whose report we have relied 
upon have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our knowledge 
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit 
of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements. 
 b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid 
consolidation of the financial statements have been 
kept so far as it appears from our examination of those 
books and reports of the other auditors.
 c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement of 
Other Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Cash 
Flow Statement and Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement 
with the books of account maintained for the purpose 
of preparation of the consolidated financial statements; 
 d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial 
statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended;
 e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 
31, 2026 taken on record by the Board of Directors of 
the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory 
auditors who are appointed under Section 139 of the 
Act, of its subsidiary companies, associate companies, 
joint ventures and joint operation, none of the 
directors of the Group’s companies, its associates and 
joint ventures, incorporated in India, is disqualified as 
on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director 
in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act;
 f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer 
to my separate report in “Annexure I”. Our report 
expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy 
and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
financial controls over financial reporting.
 g) As required by section 197(16) of the Act, based on 
our audit, we report that the Holding Company 
and its subsidiaries incorporated in India whose 
financial statements have been audited under the Act 
have paid remuneration to their respective directors 
during the year in accordance with the provisions 
of and limits laid down under section 197 read with 
Schedule V to the Act.
 h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rule 2014, as amended 
in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanation given to us.
Annual Report 2025-26
138


===== PAGE 130 =====
  i. The consolidated financial statements disclose 
the impact of pending litigations on the 
consolidated financial position of the Group and 
its subsidiary as detailed in Note No.33 to the 
consolidated financial statements;
  ii. The Holding Company, its subsidiaries and 
associates did not have any long-term contracts 
including derivative contracts for which 
there were any material foreseeable losses as 
at 31 March 2026.
  iii. There were no amounts which were required 
to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.
  iv. a. The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
other than disclosed in the notes, no funds 
have been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the Company to or in any other 
person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   b. The Management has represented, that, to 
the best of its knowledge and belief, other 
than disclosed in the notes to accounts, no 
funds have been received by the Company 
from any person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries; 
   c. Based on such audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as 
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain 
any material misstatement. 
  v. No dividend has been declared or paid during 
the year by the company.
  vi. Based on our examination, which included 
test checks, the Company has used accounting 
software systems for maintaining its books of 
account for the financial year ended March 31, 
2026 which have the feature of recording audit 
trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated 
throughout the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software systems. 
   Further, during the course of our audit we did 
not come across any instance of the audit trail 
feature being tampered with and the audit trail 
has been preserved by the Company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention.
For Raman S Shah & Co, 
Chartered Accountants 
Firm’s Registration No. 111919W
Raman S Shah
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai.  M. No. 033272
Date: 14th May, 2026  UDIN: 26033272YORYKP5145
139
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 131 =====
Annexure – I  to the Independent Auditors’ Report of Even date on the Financial Statements of  
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls over 
financial reporting under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 
of Section 143 of the Companies Act (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting with reference to financial statements of VALIANT 
LABORATORIES LIMITED ((hereinafter referred to as “the 
Holding Company”) as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with 
my audit of the financial statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial 
Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in 
the Group, its associates and joint ventures which are companies 
incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and 
maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
financial control over Financial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to the respective company’s policies, the 
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds 
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Holding 
company’s internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
(the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an 
audit of internal financial controls, both issued by the ICAI. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with 
ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements 
was established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements and their 
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit 
evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports 
referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Holding Company’s internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting with reference to these financial statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial 
control with reference to consolidated financial statements 
includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a 
material effect on the financial statements.
Annual Report 2025-26
140


===== PAGE 132 =====
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting with reference to these 
financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
with reference to these consolidated financial statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management 
override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud 
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation 
of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that 
the internal financial control with reference to consolidated 
financial statements may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Group, its associates and joint ventures, 
which are companies incorporated in India, have, maintained 
in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements and such internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements were operating effectively as at March 31,2026, based 
on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the Holding Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI
For Raman S Shah & Co, 
Chartered Accountants 
Firm’s Registration No. 111919W
Raman S Shah
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai.  M. No. 033272
Date: 14th May, 2026 UDIN: 26033272YORYKP5145
141
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 133 =====
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
I. ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2  22,578.87  4,788.26
(b) Right to Use assets 3(a)  122.57  44.66
(c) Capital work-in-progress 2  608.45  15,578.06
(d) Other Intangible Assets 3(b)  11.15  10.80
(e) Goodwill on consolidation  -  -
(f) Financial Assets
 (i) Other Investments 4A  -  -
 (ii) Other Financial Assets 5A  240.55  357.16
(g) Other non-current assets 6A  3.73  45.00
Total Non-Current Assets  23,565.32  20,823.94
Current assets
(a) Inventories 7  4,542.62  398.87
(b) Financial Assets
 (i) Investments 4B  2,609.40  -
 (ii) Trade Receivables 8  9,356.48  7,212.19
 (iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 9  352.81  491.65
 (iv) Bank Balances Other than Cash & Cash Equivalents 10  352.74  7,107.49
 (v) Loans 11  4.19  6.16
 (v) Other Financial Assets 5B  -  -
(c) Other Current Assets 6B  5,445.65  3,826.36
(d) Current Tax Assets (Net) 12  168.44  219.06
Total Current Assets  22,832.34  19,261.79
TOTAL ASSETS  46,397.66  40,085.75
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 13  5,431.25  4,345.00
(b) Optionally Convertible Preference Shares  -  -
(b) Other Equity 14  25,657.26  19,086.01
(c) Non Controlling Interests  -
Total Equity  31,088.51  23,431.01
LIABILITIES
Non-Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 - Borrowings 15A  2,809.29  10,434.89
 - Lease Liabilities 16A  79.78  25.13
 - Other non financial liabilities 17  96.14  96.14
(b) Provisions 18A  14.58  12.84
(c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (net) 19  364.78  124.17
Total non-current liabilities  3,364.57  10,693.17
Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 15B  1,685.57  1,685.57
 (ii) Lease Liabilities 16B  46.55  23.10
 (iii) Trade Payables 20
  A) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises; and  293.42  378.58
  B) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 9,109.06  3,693.02
 (iii) Other Financial Liabilities 21  225.58  135.26
(b) Other Current Liabilities 22  552.58  26.06
(c) Provisions 18B  31.81  19.98
(d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)  -  -
Total Current Liabilities  11,944.58  5,961.57
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  46,397.66  40,085.75
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272YORYKP5145 ICSI M.No.: A70561
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes (1-40)
Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
142


===== PAGE 134 =====
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  For the period 
March 31, 2026
 For the period 
March 31, 2025
I Revenue from operations 23  23,746.75  13,338.20
II Other income 24  232.04  543.48
III Total Income (I + II)  23,978.79  13,881.68
IV Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 25  19,080.24  11,217.74
Purchase of stock-in-trade 26  904.50  56.14
Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress 27  (268.39)  386.10
Employee benefits expense 28  699.82  438.81
Finance costs 29  190.25  17.53
Depreciation, Amortization and Impairment Expenses 30  603.98  209.26
Other expenses 31  2,691.58  1,707.35
IV Total Expenses  23,901.97  14,032.93
V Profit before tax (III - IV)  76.82  (151.26)
VI Tax expense:
Current tax  163.96  5.68
Deferred tax charge/(credit)  239.65  63.18
Total tax Expense  403.61  68.86
VII Profit for the year (V - VI)  (326.79)  (220.12)
VIII Other comprehensive income:
a) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent year
Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  0.70  (3.19)
Fair value changes of various Financial intruments  -
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit & loss
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  (0.28)  0.79
 Tax on various Financial intruments  -
 Fair value changes of various Financial intruments
VIII Total other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of tax  0.42  (2.40)
IX Total comprehensive income for the year (VII + VIII) 
(Total of profit and other comprehensive income for the year)
 (326.37)  (222.52)
Profit for the year
Attributable to:
Non-controlling interests
Owners of the Parent  (326.79)  (220.12)
Total other comprehensive income for the year
Attributable to:
Non-controlling interests
Owners of the Parent  (326.37)  (222.52)
Earnings per equity share of J 10/- each (Previous Year: J 10/- each) 32
(1) Basic  (0.65)  (0.51)
(2) Diluted  (0.65)  (0.51)
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272YORYKP5145 ICSI M.No.: A70561
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes (1-40)
Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
143
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 135 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31,2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As on 
March 31, 2026
As on 
March 31, 2025
(A) Cash Flow from Operating Activities
 Net Profit Before Tax  76.82  (151.26)
 Adjustments
 Finance Cost  178.41 17.53
 Depreciation and Amortization and Impairment Expense  603.98 209.26
 Provision for Gratuity  6.19  4.69
 Provision for Leave Encashment  3.56  1.76
 Provision for doubtful debts  9.74  84.76
 Foreign Exchange Gain/ (Loss)  -  -
 Gain/(Loss ) on disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)  -  -
 Gain on Mutual Fund  (2.91)  -
 Provision for bonus  19.73  16.48
 Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  (111.91)  93.39
 Foreign Exchange (Gain)/ Loss  (20.80)  1.47
 Profit on disposal/sale of asset  3.05  (0.48)
 Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes  765.86  277.61
 Adjustments
 Add/(Less):
 (Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables  (2,144.29)  (2,724.22)
 (Increase) / Decrease in Inventories  (4,143.75)  602.67
 (Increase) / Decrease Loans  1.97  (3.13)
 (Increase) / Decrease other Current Assets  (1,619.29)  (1,804.33)
 (Increase) / Decrease in Financial Assets  116.61  (13.21)
 (Increase) / Decrease other Non Current Assets  41.27  2,055.11
 Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payable  5,330.89  1,478.90
 Increase / (Decrease) in Lease Liabilities  78.09  (17.56)
 Increase / (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  526.52  6.36
 Increase / (Decrease) in Provisions  13.58  13.37
 Increase / (Decrease) in Financial Liabilities  90.32  13.25
 Cash Generated from Operation  (942.21)  (115.18)
 Income Tax Paid  (101.03)  246.51
 Net Cash From Operating Activities (A)  (1,043.24)  131.33
(B) Cash Flow From Investing Activities
 Acquisition of Property, Plant and Equipment and CWIP (net)  (3,419.96)  (11,385.36)
 Sale Proceeds on Property, Plant and Equipment  2.76  5.57
 Bank Balances not considered as Cash and Cash Equivalents  6,754.75  2,341.85
 Gain on Mutual Fund  (2.91)
 Redemption/(Investment) in Mutual fund  (2,609.40)  3,761.17
 Net Cash from Investing Activities (B)  725.24  (5,276.77)
Annual Report 2025-26
144


===== PAGE 136 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31,2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As on 
 March 31, 2026
As on 
 March 31, 2025
a. Cash on Hand  3.22  8.65
b. Balances with Banks  349.60  483.00
Total  352.81  491.65
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272YORYKP5145 ICSI M.No.: A70561
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As on 
March 31, 2026
As on 
March 31, 2025
(C) Cash Flow From Financing Activities
 Proceeds / (Repayment) from Short Term Borrowings  -  1,546.82
 Proceeds / (Repayment) from Long Term Borrowings  (7,625.59)  2,968.58
 Proceeds from Right Issue of Shares  -  -
 Proceeds / (Repayments) of share capital  1,086.25  -
 Expenses in relation to IPO  6,896.92  (32.60)
 Interest Paid  (178.41)  (17.53)
 Net Cash from /(Used) in Financing Activities (C)  179.17  4,465.28
 Net Increase / (Decrease): in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  (138.84)  (680.16)
 Opening Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents  491.65  1,171.82
 Closing Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents  352.81  491.65
6. Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises of:
145
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 137 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the period March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Balance as on 
April 1, 2025
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Reststated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
Balance as on 
31-03-2026
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
Rights Issue of Shares  -  -  -  1,086.25  1,086.25
Total  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  1,086.25  5,431.25
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Balance as on 
April 1, 2024
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Reststated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
Balance as on 
31-03-2025
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
Total  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
B. Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Reserve and surplus Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total other 
equitySecurity 
Premium
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at 31st March 2025  14,099.84  4,988.11  (1.94)  19,086.01
Net profit for the year  -  (326.79)  -  (326.79)
Fair value changes of various Financial intruments 
(net off tax)
 -  -  -  -
Remeasurement Gain / (Loss) on defined benefit plan 
(net off tax)
 -  -  1.12  1.12
Amount utilized for Dividend and Dividend 
Distribution Tax
 -  -  -  -
Issuance of Bonus Shares  -  -  -  -
Reserve during the year  6,896.92  -  -  6,896.92
Balance as at 31st March 2026  20,996.76  4,661.32  (0.83)  25,657.27
Previous Reporting Period
A. Equity Share Capital
Current Reporting Period
1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Ind AS financial statements.
2. Previous year figures have been recasted/restated wherever necessary including those as required in keeping with revised 
Schedule III amendments.
C. Notes forming part of the financial statement.
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272YORYKP5145 ICSI M.No.: A70561
Annual Report 2025-26
146


===== PAGE 138 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
Note I Corporate Information
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED ("VLL" or "The 
Company" ) is public limited entity incorporated in India. The 
registered office of the Company is located at 104 UDYOG 
KSHETRA 1ST FLOOR MULUND GOREGAON LINK ROAD 
MULUND (W) MUMBAI MH 400080 INDIA. The Company is 
engaged in manufacturing and dealing in Pharmaceuticals and 
speciality chemicals. The Company & its Indian Subsidiary will 
be considered as Group.
Note II Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates And Judgements
This note provides a list of the material accounting policies 
adopted in the preparation of these financial statements.The 
accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the 
previous financial year.
(1) Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements
 (i) Statement of Compliance
  The financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles in India (referred to as “IND AS”) as 
prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 as amended and relevant provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 including presentation and 
disclosure requirements of Division II of Schedule III 
of the Act as amended from time to time.
  In addition, the guidance notes/announcements 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (ICAI) are also applied except if compliance 
with other statutory promulgations require a 
different treatment.
  Accordingly, the Company has prepared these 
Financial Statements which comprise the Balance 
Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss for the year ended March 31, 2026, the Statement 
of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2026 and 
the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 
as on that date, and accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (together hereinafter referred 
to as ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’)
  All the amounts included in the financial statements 
are reported in lakhs of Indian Rupees (‘Rupees’ or ‘H’) 
and are rounded to the nearest lakh, except per share 
data and unless stated otherwise.
  The financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended 31.3.2026 were approved for issue in 
accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors 
in its meeting held on 14th May, 2026
 (ii) Historical Cost Convention
  These Consolidated financial statement are prepared 
under the historical cost convention on an accrual 
basis except for certain financial instrument, which 
are measured at fair value, which are disclosed in the 
financial statement.
(2) Classification of Assets and Liabilities
 (i) Current verus non-current classification
  All assets and liabilities have been classified as current 
or non-current as per company’s normal operating 
cycle and other criteria set out in the Division II of 
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 Based on the 
nature of products and the time between acquisition 
of assets for processing and their realisation in cash 
and cash equivalents, the company has ascertained its 
operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current 
and non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
 (ii) Use of accounting estimates and judgements
  The preparation of financial statements requires 
management judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that impacts the reported amounts of revenues, 
expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying 
notes thereon. Uncertainty about these assumptions 
and estimates could result in outcomes that might 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amount 
of assets and liabilities in future periods.
  (a) Estimates
   The preparation of the financial statements in 
conformity with IND AS requires management 
to make estimates, judgments and assumptions. 
These estimates, judgments and assumptions 
affect the application of accounting policies and 
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the 
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities 
at the date of financial statements and reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the 
period. Accounting estimates could change from 
period to period. Actual results could differ 
from those estimates. Appropriate changes in 
estimates are made as management becomes 
aware of circumstances surrounding the 
estimates. Changes in estimates are reflected in 
the financial statement in the period in which 
changes are made and if material, their effects are 
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
   The following are areas involving 
critical estimates:
   Impairment
   Accounting for Defined benefit plans
147
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 139 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
   Useful lives of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets - Fair Valuation of 
Financial instruments
   Valuation of Inventories
  (b) Judgments
   The company's management has made the 
following judgement, which have the most 
significant effect on the amounts recognised 
in the separate financial statements, while 
formulating the company's accounting policies.
   The following are areas involving 
critical judgments:
   Leases
   Estimation of income tax payable and income tax 
expense in relation to an uncertain tax position
   Provisions and Contingencies
(3) Property, plant and equipment (PPE) and Intangible 
assets
 (a) Property, plant and equipment (PPE)
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost 
net of tax /duty credit availed, less accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if 
any. Cost comprises of purchase price inclusive of non 
creditable taxes, commissioning expenses, etc. up to 
the date the asset is ready for its intended use. When 
significant parts of property, plant and equipment 
are required to be replaced at intervals, the company 
derecognizes the replace part and recognizes the 
new part with its own associated useful life and it 
is depreciated accordingly. Likewise, when a major 
inspection is performed, its cost is recognized in the 
carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a 
replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All 
other repair and maintenance cost are recognised in 
the statement of profit and loss as incurred.
  Advances paid towards acquisition of property, plant 
and equipment outstanding at each Balance Sheet 
date, are shown under other non-current assets and 
cost of assets not ready for intended use before the 
year end, are shown as capital work-in-progress
  Capital Work In Progress represents expenditure 
incurred on capital assets that are under construction 
or are pending capitalisation and includes Project 
expenses pending allocation. Project expenses 
pending allocation are apportioned to the property, 
Plant and equipment of the project proportionately on 
capitalisation.
  Borrowing cost on property, plant and equipment's 
are capitalised when the relevant recognition criteria 
specified in IND AS 23 Borrowing cost is met.
  Decommissioning costs, if any, on property, plant and 
equipment are estimated at their present value and 
capitalised as part of such assets.
  The residual value and useful lives of property, plant 
and equipment are reviewed at each financial year 
end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
 (b) Intangible assets
  Intangible assets are recognised when it is probable 
that the future economic benefits that are attributable 
to the asset will flow to the Company and the cost of 
the asset can be measured reliably. Intangible assets 
are stated at original cost net of tax/duty credits 
availed, if any, less accumulated amortisation and 
cumulative impairment. Administrative and other 
general overhead expenses that are specifically 
attributable to acquisition of intangible assets are 
allocated and capitalised as a part of the cost of the 
intangible assets. Intangible development costs are 
capitalised as and when technical and commercial 
feasibility of the asset is demonstrated and future 
economic benefits are probable.
  The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as 
either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite 
lives are amortised over the useful economic life 
and assessed for impairment whenever there is an 
indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. 
The amortisation period and the amortisation method 
for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are 
reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period.
 (c) Derecognition
  Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
are derecognised on disposal or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use and 
disposal. Losses arising from retirement and gains or 
losses arising from disposal of a property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets are measured as the 
difference between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (d) Research and Development
  Revenue expenditure on Research and Development 
is charged to statement of profit and loss in the year in 
which it is incurred. Capital expenditure on research 
and development is considered as an addition to 
property, plant and equipment/intangible assets.
Annual Report 2025-26
148


===== PAGE 140 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
  Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development 
expenditures on an individual project are recognised 
as an intangible asset when the Company 
can demonstrate:-
  development costs can be measured reliably;-
  the product or process is technically and 
commercially feasible;
  commercially feasible;
  future economic benefits are probable; and
  the Company intends to and has sufficient resources 
to complete development and to use or sell the asset.
  Following initial recognition of the development 
expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at cost 
less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated 
impairment losses. Amortisation of the asset begins 
when development is complete and the asset is 
available for use. It is amortised over the period of 
expected future benefit. Amortisation expense is 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss unless 
such expenditure forms part of carrying value of 
another asset. During the period of development, the 
asset is tested for impairment annually
 (e) Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and 
residual value
  Depreciation on Fixed Assets is provided on Straight 
Line Method (SLM) method as per rates prescribed 
in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013, except 
in the respect of the following assets, where useful 
life of asset is different than those prescribed in 
Schedule II of the Act.
Particulars Depreciation
Factory Building (Useful 30 
Years )
Over its useful life 
as assessed
Factory Building (Useful 30 
Years )
Over its useful life 
as assessed
Vehicle (Useful life 10 years) Over its useful life 
as assessed
Leasehold Land Over the period of 
lease term
  Depreciation and amortisation on property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets added/disposed off 
during the year has been provided on pro-rata basis 
with reference to the date/month of addition/disposal. 
Depreciation and amortisation methods, useful lives 
and residual values are reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period and adjusted if appropriate.
 (f) Impairement
  The Company assesses at each reporting the carrying 
amounts of its property, plant and equipment, 
intangible assets to determine whether there is 
any indication that those assets have suffered an 
impairment loss. If any indication exists, or when 
annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the 
Company estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. 
Impairment loss, if any, is provided to the extent that 
the carrying amount of assets exceeds their recoverable 
amount. Recoverable amount is higher of net selling 
price of an asset or its value in use. Value in use is the 
present value of estimated future cash flows expected 
to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from 
its disposal at the end of its useful life.
 (g) Non-current assets held for sale
  Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of 
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The 
determination of fair value less costs to sell includes 
use of management estimates and assumptions. The 
fair value of the assets held for sale has been estimated 
using valuation techniques (including income and 
market approach), which include unobservable inputs. 
Non-current assets and disposal group that ceases to 
be classified as “Held for Sale” shall be measured at 
the lower of carrying amount before the non-current 
asset and disposal group was classified as “Held for 
Sale” and its recoverable amount at the date of the 
subsequent decision not to sell. Recoverable amounts 
of assets reclassified from “Held for Sale” have been 
estimated using the Management’s assumptions.
(4) Financial assets, financial liabilities, equity 
instruments and impairment of financial assets
 A Financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a 
financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity 
instrument of another entity.
 Financial assets and liabilities are recognised when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets 
and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are 
added to or deducted from the fair value measured on 
initial recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
 The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, 
or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all 
the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another 
149
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 141 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
entity. The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, 
and only when, the Company’s obligations are discharged, 
cancelled or have expired.
 (a) Financial assets
  Financial assets at amortised cost
  Financial assets are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is to hold these 
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and 
the contractual terms of the financial assets give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding
  Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income if these financial assets 
are held within a business whose objective is achieved 
by both collecting contractual cash flows on specified 
dates that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding and 
selling financial assets. The Company has made an 
irrevocable election to present subsequent changes 
in the fair value of equity investments not held for 
trading in other comprehensive income
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
profit or loss unless they are measured at amortised 
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income on initial recognition. The transaction costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss are immediately recognised in statement of 
profit and loss.
 (b) Financial liabilities
  Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method. Other financial 
liabilities (including loans and borrowings, bank 
overdrafts and trade and other payables) are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method.
  The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments (including 
all fees and amounts paid or received that form an 
integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction 
costs and other premiums or discounts) through 
the expected life of the financial liability, or (where 
appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost on 
initial recognition.
  Interest expense (based on the effective interest 
method), foreign exchange gains and losses, and any 
gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
  For trade and other payables maturing within one year 
from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts 
approximate fair value due to the short maturity of 
these instruments
 (c) De-recognition of Financial Instruments:
  A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a 
financial asset or part of a group of similar financial 
assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from 
the Company’s balance sheet) when:
  The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have 
expired, or The Company has transferred its rights 
to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed 
an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full 
without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-
through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Company has 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, or (b) the Company has neither transferred 
nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
  When the Company has transferred its rights to 
receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into 
a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and to 
what extent it has retained the risks and rewards 
of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the 
asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Company 
continues to recognise the transferred asset to the 
extent of the Company’s continuing involvement. In 
that case, the Company also recognises an associated 
liability. The transferred asset and the associated 
liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights 
and obligations that the Company has retained.
  A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation 
under the liability is discharged or cancelled or 
expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced 
by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability 
are substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition of the 
original liability and the recognition of a new liability. 
The difference in the respective carrying amounts is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (d) Equity Investments
  All equity investments (excluding the investments in 
Subsidiaries) in the scope of Ind AS 109 are measured 
at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for 
Annual Report 2025-26
150


===== PAGE 142 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
trading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity 
instruments, the Company may make an irrevocable 
election to present in other comprehensive income 
subsequent changes in the fair value. The Company 
makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument 
basis. The classification is made on initial recognition 
and is irrevocable. If the Company decides to classify 
an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are 
recognised in the OCI. There is no recycling of the 
amounts from OCI to the statement of profit and loss, 
even on sale of investment. However, the Company 
may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within 
equity. Equity instruments included within the FVTPL 
category are measured at fair value with all changes 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 (e) Investment in subsidiaries
  Equity investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost 
less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Where an 
indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount 
of the investment is assessed and written down 
immediately to its recoverable amount. On disposal 
of investments in subsidiaries, the difference between 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (f) Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is a contract that evidences 
residual interest in the assets of the Company after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments 
issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds 
received net of direct issue cost.
 (g) Impairment of Financial Assets:
  In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Company uses 
‘Expected Credit Loss’ (ECL) model, for evaluating 
impairment of all Financial Assets subsequent to 
initial recognition other than financial assets measured 
at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL). The 
Company uses historical default rates to determine 
impairment loss on the portfolio of trade receivables. 
At every reporting date these historical default rates 
are reviewed and changes in the forward-looking 
estimates are analysed. For other financial assets, 
the Company uses 12 month ECL to provide for 
impairment loss where there is no significant increase 
in credit risk since its initial recognition. If there 
is significant increase in credit risk since its initial 
recognition full lifetime ECL is used. The impairment 
losses and reversals are recognised in Statement of 
Profit and Loss. ECL is the difference between all 
contractual cash flows that are due to the Company 
in accordance with the contract and all the cash 
flows that the entity expects to receive (i.e., all cash 
shortfalls), discounted at the original EIR.
 (h) Offsetting
  Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and 
the net amount presented in the Balance Sheet when, 
and only when, the Company currently has a legally 
enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends 
either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset 
and settle the liability simultaneously.
 (i) Share Capital
  Equity shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs 
directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are 
recognised as a deduction from equity. Income tax 
relating to transaction costs of an equity transaction is 
accounted for in accordance with Ind AS 12.
(5) Inventories
 Inventories are valued at lower of cost or net realisable 
value except scrap, which is valued at net estimated 
realisable value.
 The methods of determining cost of various categories of 
inventories are as follows:
Raw Material & Paking Material : FIFO Method
Stores and spares : Weighted Average 
Method
Work-in-progress and finished 
goods (manufactured)
: Weighted Average 
Method
Finished goods (traded) : FIFO Method
Goods in transit : Cost of Purchase
Fuel & Consumables : Weighted Average 
Method
 Cost includes all costs of purchase, costs of 
conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition. 
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make 
the sale. The net realisable value of work-inprogress is 
determined with reference to the selling prices of related 
finished products. Raw materials and other supplies held 
for use in the production of finished products are not 
written down below cost, except in cases where material 
prices have declined and it is estimated that the cost of the 
finished products will exceed their net realisable value. The 
comparison of cost and net realisable value is made on an 
item-byitem basis.
(6) Cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and 
demand deposit with banks, which are short term, highly 
liquid investment, that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk 
of change in value.
151
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 143 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
(7) Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets
 (a) Provisions
  The Company recognizes a provision when: it has a 
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of 
past events, it is likely that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has 
been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized 
for future operating losses. Provisions are reviewed at 
each balance sheet and adjusted to reflect the current 
best estimates.
 (b) Contingent liabilities
  Contingent liabilities are disclosed in respect of 
possible obligations that arise from past event, whose 
existence would be confirmed by the occurrence or 
non occurrence of one or more uncertain future events 
not wholly within the control of the Company. A 
contingent liability also arises, in rare cases, where 
a liability cannot be recognised because it cannot be 
measured reliably.Contingent liabilities are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date
 (c) Contingent Assets
  A contingent assets is not recognised unless it become 
virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefit 
will arise. When an inflow of economic benefits 
is probable, contingent assets are disclosed in the 
financial statements. Contingent assets are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date
(8) Revenue Recognition
 Ind AS 115 applies, with limited exceptions, to all revenue 
arising from contracts with its customers. Ind AS 115 
establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising 
from contracts with customers and requires that revenue 
be recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration 
to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange 
for transferring goods or services to a customer. Ind AS 
115 requires entities to exercise judgment, taking into 
consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances 
when applying each step of the model to contracts with 
their customers. It also specifies the accounting for the 
incremental costs of obtaining a contract and the costs 
directly related to fulfilling a contract.
 (a) Sale of goods : Revenue from sale of goods is 
recognised when control of the products being sold 
is transferred to our customer and when there are 
no longer any unfulfilled obligations. Income from 
services rendered is recognised based on agreements/ 
arrangements with the customers as the service is 
performed and there are no unfulfilled obligations. 
The Company recognises revenue from goods sold 
and services rendered at Transaction Price which is 
the amount of consideration the Company expects to 
be entitled to in exchange for transferring promised 
goods or services to a customer, excluding the 
amounts collected on behalf of a third party. The 
Transaction price is net of discounts, sales incentives, 
rebates granted, returns, sales taxes, GST and duties 
and any other recoverable taxes
  Generally, in case of domestic sales, performance 
obligations are satisfied when the goods are dispatched 
or delivery is handed over to transporter, revenue 
from export of goods is recognised at the time of Bill 
of lading or airway bill or any other similar document 
evidencing delivery thereof.
 (b) Interest Income : Interest income from a financial 
asset is recognised when it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company and the 
amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest 
income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the 
principle outstanding and at the effective interest rate 
applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts 
estimated future cash receipts through the expected 
life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying 
amount on initial recognition.
 (c) Dividend income : Dividend income is recognised 
when the right to receive the dividend is established, it 
is probable that the economic benefits associated with 
the dividend will flow to the entity and the amount of 
the dividend can be measured reliably.
 (d) Export benefits : Export incentives are recognised as 
income when the right to receive credit as per the terms 
of the scheme is established in respect of the exports 
made and where there is no significant uncertainty 
regarding the ultimate collection of the relevant export 
proceeds.Such export incentives are recorded as part 
of other operating revenue
 (e) Contract asset & liabilities : Contract assets are 
recognised when there is excess of revenue earned 
over billings on contracts, excluding amounts 
classified as unbilled receivables (only act of invoicing 
is pending) when there is unconditional right to 
receive cash and only passage of time is required as 
per contractual terms.
  Contract liabilities are recognised when there are 
billings in excess of revenues. Contract liabilities relate 
to the advance received from customers and deferred 
revenue against which revenue is recognised when or 
as the performance obligation is satisfied.
(9) Retirement and other employee benefits
 The Company recognizes employee benefits as per the 
principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind 
AS) 19 – Employee Benefits, as set out below:
Annual Report 2025-26
152


===== PAGE 144 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 (a) Short-term Employee Benefits
  Short-term employee benefits are those which are 
due to be settled wholly within twelve months after 
the end of the period in which the employees render 
the related services. These include salaries, wages, 
bonuses, performance incentives, compensated 
absences (if expected to be availed within 12 months), 
and other non-monetary benefits. The undiscounted 
amount of short-term employee benefits is recognized 
as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the 
period in which the related service is rendered.
 (b) Post Employee Benefits
  Post Employee benefits plans are classified into 
defined benefits plans and defined contribution 
plans as under:
  (i) Defined Contribution Plans
   The Company’s contributions to Provident 
Fund and other defined contribution plans are 
recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss in the period in which the employees 
render services. The Company has no further 
obligation beyond its monthly contribution.
  (ii) Defined Benefit Plans
   The Company provides for gratuity, a defined 
benefit plan, in accordance with the Payment of 
Gratuity Act, 1972. The liability is determined 
using the Projected Unit Credit Method, with 
actuarial valuations being carried out at the 
end of each reporting period. The defined 
benefit liability recognized in the balance sheet 
represents the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation as reduced by the fair value of 
plan assets (if any).
   Actuarial gains and losses arising from 
experience adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognized immediately in 
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) and are not 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
   Past service cost is recognized immediately in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss. The net interest 
cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to 
the net defined benefit liability or asset.
 (c) Other Long-term Employee Benefits
  The Company’s obligation in respect of other long-
term employee benefits is the amount of future 
benefit that employees have earned in return for their 
service in the current and prior periods. That benefit 
is discounted to determine its present value. Re-
measurements are recognised in profit or loss in the 
period in which they arise
 (d) Termination Benefits
  Termination benefits are recognised as an expense 
when, as a result of a past event, the Company has a 
present obligation that can be estimated reliably, and 
it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will 
be required to settle the obligation.
 (e) Actuarial valuation
  The liability in respect of all defined benefit plans 
and other long term benefits is accrued in the books 
of account on the basis of actuarial valuation carried 
out by an independent actuary using the Projected 
Unit Credit Method. The obligation is measured at the 
present value of estimated future cash flows
  Remeasurement gains and losses on other long term 
benefits are recognised in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss in the year in which they arise. Remeasurement 
gains and losses in respect of all defined benefit plans 
arising from experience adjustments and changes in 
actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period 
in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive 
income. They are included in other equity in the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and in the Balance 
Sheet. Changes in the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments 
or curtailments are recognised immediately in profit 
or loss as past service cost. Gains or losses on the 
curtailment or settlement of any defined benefit plan 
are recognised when the curtailment or settlement 
occurs. Any differential between the plan assets (for 
a funded defined benefit plan) and the defined benefit 
obligation as per actuarial valuation is recognised as a 
liability if it is a deficit or as an asset if it is a surplus (to 
the extent of the lower of present value of any economic 
benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan 
or reduction in future contribution to the plan).
  Past service cost is recognised as an expense in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis 
over the average period until the benefits become 
vested. To the extent that the benefits are already 
vested immediately following the introduction of, or 
changes to, a defined benefit plan, the past service cost 
is recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss. Past service cost may be either positive 
(where benefits are introduced or improved) or 
negative (where existing benefits are reduced).
(10) Borrowing costs
 Borrowing costs include interest, other costs incurred 
in connection with borrowing and exchange differences 
arising from foreign currency borrowings to the extent 
that they are regarded as an adjustment to the interest cost. 
General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable 
to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying 
153
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 145 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial 
period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, 
are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the 
assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. 
All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of 
profit and loss in the period in which they are incurred
 In determining the amount of borrowing costs eligible for 
capitalization during a period, any income earned on the 
temporary investment of those borrowings is deducted 
from the borrowing costs incurred.
(11) Exceptional items
 Exceptional items refer to items of income or expense within 
the Statement of Profit and Loss from ordinary activities 
which are non-recurring and are of such size, nature or 
incidence that their separate disclosure is considered 
necessary to explain the performance of the Company.
(12) Taxes
 Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. 
It is recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss except to 
the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items 
recognised directly in equity or in OCI.
 (a) Current Tax
  Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or 
receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year 
and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable 
in respect of previous years. The amount of current 
tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the 
tax amount expected to be paid or received after 
considering uncertainty related to income taxes, if any. 
It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date.
  Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if there 
is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset and 
settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
 (b) Deferred Tax
  Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary 
differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the 
amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is 
not recognised for
  Temporary differences related to freehold land and 
investments in subsidiaries, to the extent that the 
Company is able to control the timing of the reversal 
of the temporary differences and it is probable that 
they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and 
taxable temporary differences arising on the initial 
recognition of goodwill.
  Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax 
losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which they 
can be used. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are 
reassessed at each reporting date and recognised 
to the extent that it has become probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which 
they can be used.
  Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to be applied to the period when the asset 
is realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws 
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the reporting date. The measurement of deferred 
tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow 
from the manner in which the Company expects, at 
the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying 
amount of its assets and liabilities.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if there 
is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset and 
settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
  Deferred income tax is not provided on the 
undistributed earnings of the subsidiaries where it is 
expected that the earnings of the subsidiary will not be 
distributed in the foreseeable future.
(13) Leases :
 The Company assesses whether a contract contains a 
lease, at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the 
right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company 
assesses whether:(1) the contact involves the use of an 
identified asset; (2) the Company has substantially all of the 
economic benefits from use of the asset through the period 
of the lease; and (3) the Company has the right to direct the 
use of the asset.
 The right-of-use assets are initially recognised at cost,which 
comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for 
any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement 
date of the lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease 
incentives. They are subsequently measured at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any.
 Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the commencement 
date on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term 
and useful life of the underlying asset. Right-of-use assets 
are tested for impairment whenever there is any indication 
that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
Impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Annual Report 2025-26
154


===== PAGE 146 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost 
at the present value of the future lease payments. The 
lease payments are discounted using the interest rate 
implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, using 
the incremental borrowing rates based on information 
available as at the date of commencement of the lease. Lease 
liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment 
to the related right-of-use asset if the Company changes 
its assessment of whether it will exercise an extension or 
a termination option. Lease liability and right-of-use asset 
have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and 
lease payments have been classified as financing cash flows.
 Ind AS 116 requires lessees to determine the lease term 
as the non-cancellable period of a lease adjusted with 
any option to extend or terminate the lease, if the use of 
such option is reasonably certain. The Company makes an 
assessment on the expected lease term on a lease-by-lease 
basis and thereby assesses whether it is reasonably certain 
that any options to extend or terminate the contract will 
be exercised. In evaluating the lease term, the Company 
considers factors such as any significant leasehold 
improvements undertaken over the lease term, costs 
relating to the termination of the lease and the importance 
of the underlying asset to Company’s operations taking 
into account the location of the underlying asset and the 
availability of suitable alternatives. The lease term in future 
periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects 
the current economic circumstances
(14) Foreign Currency Transactions:
 (a) Functional and presentation currency
  The functional currency of the Company is the Indian 
rupee. These financial statements are presented 
in Indian rupees
 (b) Transactions and balances
  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the 
functional currency using the exchange rates at the 
dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains 
and losses resulting from the settlement of such 
transactions and from the translation of monetary 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies 
at balance sheet date exchange rates are generally 
recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss.
  Non-monetary items that are measured at fair 
value in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the fair value was 
determined. Translation differences on assets and 
liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of 
the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation 
differences on nonmonetary assets such as equity 
investments classified as FVOCI are recognised in 
other comprehensive income (OCI)
(15) Government Grants :
 Government grants are recognised at their fair value where 
there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received 
and the Company will comply with all attached conditions
 Government grants relating to the purchase of property, 
plant and equipment are included in non current liabilities 
as deferred income and are credited to the statement of 
profit and loss on a straight line basis over the expected life 
of the related assets and presented within other income.
 Government grants relating to income are deferred and 
recognised in the statement of profit and Loss over the 
period necessary to match them with the costs that they are 
intended to compensate and presented within other income.
(16) Earnings Per Share :
 (a) Basic earnings per share
  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing: the 
profit attributable to owners of the Company by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements 
in equity shares issued during the year.
 (b) Diluted earnings per share
  Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used 
in the determination of basic earnings per share to 
take into account
  The after income tax effect of interest and other 
financing costs associated with dilutive potential 
equity shares, and
  The weighted average number of additional equity 
shares that would have been outstanding assuming 
the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares
(17) Fair Value Measurement
 The company measures financial instruments, such as, 
derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date. Fair 
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair 
value measurement is based on the presumption that the 
transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes 
place either: -
 In the principal market for the asset or liability, or - In the 
absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous 
market for the asset or liability The principal or the most 
advantageous market must be accessible by the Company.
 The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using 
the assumptions that market participants would use 
when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best interest.
155
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 147 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 A fair measurement of a non financial assets takes into 
account a market participant's ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by 
selling it to another market participant that would use the 
asset in its highest and best use.
 The company use valuation techniques that are appropriate 
in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of 
relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of 
unobservable inputs.
 All Assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole :-
 Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly observable.
 Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly unobservable.
 For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the balance 
sheet on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by 
re assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) 
at the end of each reporting period.
 For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has 
determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of 
the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability 
and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
(18) Events after the reporting period
 Events after the reporting period are those events, 
favourable and unfavourable, that occur between the end 
of the reporting period and the date when the financial 
statements are approved by the Board of Directors in case of 
a company, and, by the corresponding approving authority 
in case of any other entity for issue.
 Two types of events can be identified:
 (a) those that provide evidence of conditions that existed 
at the end of the reporting period (adjusting events 
after the reporting period); and
 (b) those that are indicative of conditions that arose after 
the reporting period (non-adjusting events after the 
reporting period).
(19) Segment Reporting
 The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates the 
Company’s performance and allocates resources based on 
an analysis of various performance indicators by a single 
operating segment. The Holding Company is engaged in the 
manufacture of Paracetamol. Its wholly owned subsidiary 
is engaged in the manufacture of Acetic Anhydride, which 
is a key raw material used in the production of Paracetamol.
 The operations of both the Holding Company and the 
Subsidiary are closely interlinked and form part of an 
integrated manufacturing process within the same value 
chain. The Group is managed and reviewed by the Chief 
Operating Decision Maker (CODM) as a single business 
activity, and financial information is assessed on a 
consolidated basis.Accordingly, in terms of Ind AS 108 – 
Operating Segments, the Company does not have separately 
identifiable operating segments. As such, segment reporting 
is not applicable to the company.
(20) Recent Pronouncements
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standard or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued 
from time to time
 MCA has notified amendments to Ind AS 1 – Presentation 
of Financial Statements (classification of liabilities as current 
or non-current, including liabilities with covenants), Ind 
AS 12 – Income Taxes (International Tax Reform – Pillar 
Two Model Rules), Ind AS 21 – The Effects of Changes in 
Foreign Exchange Rates (Lack of Exchangeability), and Ind 
AS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107 – Financial 
Instruments: Disclosures (Supplier Finance Arrangements), 
effective from 1 April 2025. The Company has reviewed 
these amendments and based on its evaluation, has 
determined that they do not have any impact on the 
consolidated financial statements.
(21) Previous Year
 Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged 
wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
156


===== PAGE 148 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Land Factory 
Building
Plant & 
Machinery
Plant & 
Machinery 
(Pilot Plant)
Electrical 
Installation
Furniture & 
Fixture Vehicle Computer Office 
Equipment Total
 Capital Work 
in Progress 
(CWIP)
Opening gross carrying amount as at April 1, 2024  2,264.81  1,219.85  3,141.15  -  39.06  13.98  153.83  21.62  14.08  6,868.38  4,264.88
Addition during the year  -  3.00  20.82  -  5.11  1.99  -  1.04  2.73  34.70  11,326.04
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
Disposals during the year  -  -  (2.51)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2.51)  (12.86)
Closing gross carrying amount  2,264.81  1,222.85  3,159.47  -  44.17  15.98  153.83  22.66  16.81  6,900.57  15,578.06
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  98.46  457.76  1,235.18  -  18.39  5.99  90.95  13.01  6.95  1,926.71  -
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.61  124.65  -  2.91  1.17  10.21  5.92  2.45  187.18  -
Disposals during the year  -  -  (1.57)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1.57)  -
Closing accumulated depreciation  105.72  490.38  1,358.26  -  21.30  7.16  101.16  18.92  9.40  2,112.31  -
Net carrying amount year end of March 31, 2025  2,159.08  732.48  1,801.20  -  22.87  8.81  52.67  3.74  7.41  4,788.26  15,578.06
Opening gross carrying amount as at April 1, 2025  2,264.81  1,222.85  3,159.47  -  44.17  15.98  153.83  22.66  16.81  6,900.57  15,578.06
Addition during the year  -  1,775.60  14,555.59  50.01  1,588.98  217.57  -  53.54  3.27  18,244.55  1,886.97
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -  54.46  81.31  -  10.09  1.60  -  1.71  0.11  149.27  (16,856.58)
Sales during the year  -  -  (9.13)  -  -  -  -  (1.15)  -  (10.27)  -
Disposals during the year  -  -  (23.34)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (23.34)  -
Closing gross carrying amount  2,264.81  3,052.91  17,763.90  50.01  1,643.24  235.15  153.83  76.76  20.19  25,260.78  608.45
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  105.72  490.38  1,358.26  -  21.30  7.16  101.16  18.92  9.40  2,112.31  -
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  54.89  425.74  3.25  63.92  9.43  7.78  4.84  2.83  579.92  -
Sales during the year  -  -  (4.05)  -  -  -  -  (1.09)  -  (5.15)  -
Disposals during the year  -  -  (5.18)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (5.18)  -
Closing accumulated depreciation  112.98  545.26  1,774.77  3.25  85.22  16.60  108.94  22.68  12.23  2,681.91  -
Net carrying amount year end of March 31, 2026  2,151.82  2,507.65  15,989.13  46.76  1,558.02  218.55  44.89  54.08  7.95  22,578.87  608.45
2 Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
157
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 149 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
Particulars-CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  141.40  294.65  166.40  6.00  608.45
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars-Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -  -  -  -  -
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  11,326.04  4,188.59  63.43  -  15,578.06
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars-Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -  -  -  -  -
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars
Description 
of item of 
property
Gross carrying 
value 
(H in lakhs)
Title deeds 
held in the 
name of
Whether title 
deed holder 
is a promoter, 
director or 
relative of 
promoter/ 
director or 
employee of 
promoter/
director
Property held 
since which 
date
NA NA NA NA NA NA
2 Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) (Contd..)
2.1 Capital Work In Progress Aging Schedule:
 As at 31st March 2026
 As at 31st March 2025
2.2 Intangible assets under development Aging Schedule
 As at 31st March 2026
 As at 31st March 2025
2.3 Details of Title Deed not held in the name of the company
Annual Report 2025-26
158


===== PAGE 150 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Right-of-Use Asset 
Building
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024  152.53
Addition during the year  -
Disposals during the year  -
Gross amount as at 31st March 2025  152.53
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  88.80
Depreciation charge during the year  19.06
Disposals during the year  -
Gross Depreciation amount as at 31st March 2025  107.86
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  44.66
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2025  152.53
Addition during the year  98.91
Disposals during the year  -
Gross amount as at 31st March 2026  251.43
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  107.86
Depreciation charge during the year  20.99
Disposals during the year  -
Gross Depreciation amount as at 31st March 2026  128.86
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2026  122.57
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Amount
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024
Additions  17.96
Disposals  (4.14)
As at 31st March 2025  13.82
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2024
Depreciation charge for the year  4.00
Disposals  (0.98)
As at 31st March 2025  3.02
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  10.80
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2025  13.82
Additions  3.92
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  17.74
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2025  3.02
Depreciation charge for the year  3.57
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  6.59
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2026  11.15
3(a) Right-of-Use Assets
3(b) Intangible Asset
159
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 151 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
4 Investments
4B Investments (current)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Quoted Investments
- Investments in Mutual Fund -Measured at FVTPL  2,609.40  -
Total  2,609.40  -
 Other Investments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025
No of Shares Amount No of Shares Amount
Investments in Mutual Fund (Quoted)
- HSBC Money Market Fund Direct Growth  43,67,773.88  1,264.62  -  -
- Kotak Savings Fund Growth  15,04,501.75  673.52  -  -
- SBI Low Duration Fund Regular Growth Fund  18,476.59  671.26  -  -
Total  58,90,752.22  2,609.40  -  -
 Aggregate value of quoted investments and its market value is H2,609.40 (PY Nil)
5 Other Financial Assets
5A Non-current (at amortised cost)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Security Deposit  240.55  357.16
Unsecured, Considered Good
Total  240.55  357.16
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Security Deposit  -  -
Unsecured, Considered Good  -
Total  -  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Capital Advances  0.73  45.00
Prepaid Expenses  3.00  -
Total Other Assets (non-current)  3.73  45.00
5B Current (at amortised cost)
6 Other Assets
6A Non-current
 (Unsecured, unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2025-26
160


===== PAGE 152 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
6B Current
 (Unsecured, considered good, unless otherwise stated)
6 Other Assets (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Other Current Assets As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Balance with Statutory / Government Authorities  4,645.64  3,668.10
Advance to Suppliers  268.64  38.84
Prepaid Expenses  15.77  15.09
Receivable - Others  515.58  25.07
Custom Duty paid in Advance  -  38.82
Accrued Interest on FD  0.01  40.44
Total Other Assets (current)  5,445.65  3,826.36
7 Inventories (at lower of cost and net realisable value)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Raw Material (including stock in transit)  3,934.15  145.08
Stores & Spares  95.14  11.86
Packing Materials  8.76  5.75
Work-in-Progress  239.63  56.98
Finished Goods  264.95  179.21
Trading Goods (including stock in transit)  -  -
Total  4,542.62  398.87
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
TRADE RECEIVABLES
Unsecured,
Debts outstanding for more than six months from the date they are due for payment
Considered Good
Considered Doubtful  118.91  109.17
Less : Provision For bad Debts  (118.91)  (109.17)
Other Debts - Considered Good  9,356.48  7,212.19
Sub 'Total Trade Receivable  9,356.48  7,212.19
Unbilled Revenue  -
Total  9,356.48  7,212.19
Current Portion  9,356.48  7,212.19
Non-Current Portion  -  -
8 Trade Receivables (current) (at amortised cost)
(a) Due to the short nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract.
(b) The Company applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment losses on trade 
receivables. The Company follows the simplified approach for recognition of impairment allowance on trade receivables. 
The application of the simplified approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises 
impairment allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised 
during the period is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected under the head ‘other expenses’ in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
161
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 153 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
8 Trade Receivables (current) (at amortised cost) (Contd..)
(c) Movement in impairment allowance on trade receivables
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year  109.17  24.41
Allowances / (write back) during the year  10.94  100.34
Written off against past provision  (1.20)  (15.58)
Balance at the end of the year  118.91  109.17
(d) Trade receivables (current) ageing :
 As at 31 March, 2026
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month
 6 Month 
to 1 Year  1-2 Year  2-3 Year  More than 
3 Year  Total
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 7,712.46  1,530.97  -  54.27  58.78  -  9,356.48
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  2.17  110.21  6.53  118.91
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables – 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 7,712.46  1,530.97  -  56.44  168.99  6.53  9,475.39
Unbilled Trade Receivables
Less: Impairment Allowance  (118.91)
Total Trade Receivables  9,356.48
 As at 31 March, 2025
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month
 6 Month 
to 1 Year  1-2 Year  2-3 Year  More than 
3 Year  Total
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 5,886.29  1,199.56  44.98  81.36  -  -  7,212.19
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  100.34  -  8.83  109.17
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 5,886.29  1,199.56  44.98  181.70  -  8.83  7,321.36
Unbilled Trade Receivables
Less: Impairment Allowance  (109.17)
Total Trade Receivables  7,212.19
9 Current Financial Assets - Cash and Cash Equivalents
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Cash & Cash Equivalents
(a) Balances with banks  349.60  483.00
(b) Cash on hand  3.22  8.65
Total Cash & Cash Equivalents  352.81  491.65
Annual Report 2025-26
162


===== PAGE 154 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
10 Bank Balances Other than Cash & Cash Equivalents
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Fixed Deposits  352.74  7,107.49
Total Other Balances with Banks  352.74  7,107.49
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Advance Tax and Tax Deducted at Source (Net of Provision)  168.44  219.06
Total Current Tax Assets (Net)  168.44  219.06
11 Loans (current) (at amortised cost)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Unsecured, Considered Good
Loan to Employees  4.19  6.16
Advance to Related Parties  -
Total Loans (current)  4.19  6.16
12 Current Tax Assets (Net)
13 Equity Share Capital
A. Authorized:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Authorized:
6,00,00,000 Equity Shares of H 10/- each  6,000.00  6,000.00
Total  6,000.00  6,000.00
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Equity Share Capital  4,345.00  4,345.00
Add: Right Shares allotted to the year *  1,086.25  -
Total  5,431.25  4,345.00
B Issued, Subscribed & Paid Up:
 *The increase in equity share capital is on account of Right Issue Equity Shares on August 11, 2025, where No. of shares allotted were 1,08,62,500 at Issue price 
of H 75 each (Face Value H10 and Securities Premium H65)
 Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
 Ordinary Equity Shares
 The Company has only one class of Shares referred to as Equity Shares having par value of H 10. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. The company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board 
of Directors is subject to the approval of the Shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. In the event of liquidation of 
the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all 
preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
163
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 155 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
13 Equity Share Capital (Contd..)
C Reconciliation of Equity Shares Outstanding
 Reconciliation of number of ordinary equity shares outstanding
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount
Shares outstanding at the beginning of 
the year
 4,34,50,000  4,345.00  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
Add: Right Issue of Shares  1,08,62,500  1,086.25  -  -
Shares outstanding at the end of the year  5,43,12,500  5,431.25  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
D. Details of Shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares
 Ordinary Equity Shares
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  % of Holding  Number  % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,54,37,500 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  50,84,612 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Number  % of Holding Number  % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,54,37,500 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  50,84,612 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Kanchan Shantilal Vora  20,18,362 3.72%  16,14,690 3.72%
- Rachi Santosh Vora  8,662 0.02%  6,930 0.02%
- Varsha Paresh Shah  2,887 0.01%  2,310 0.01%
- Sangita Manoj Jain  1,490 0.00%  1,000 0.00%
E. Details of shares held by Promoter and Promoter Group
 Ordinary Equity Shares (No of share and % )
14 Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
a. Securities Premium  20,996.76  14,099.84
b. Retained Earning  4,661.32  4,988.11
c. Other Comprehensive Income  (0.83)  (1.94)
Total, Other Equity  25,657.26  19,086.01
Nature and Purpose of Reserves
Securities Premium
Security Premium Reserve is the additional amount charged on the face value of any share when the shares are issued, 
redeemed, and forfeited.
Retained Earning
Retained earning are the profits that the Company has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, any transfers from or to 
other comprehensive income, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders.
Annual Report 2025-26
164


===== PAGE 156 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
14 Other Equity (Contd..)
Securities Premium
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Opening Balance  14,099.84  14,132.44
Addition:  6,896.92  (32.60)
Deduction:  -
Closing Balance  20,996.76  14,099.84
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Retained Earning
Opening Balance (Profit & Loss Account)  4,988.11  5,208.68
Add - Net Profit for the year  (326.79)  (220.12)
Less: Remeasurement (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  (0.46)
Amount available for appropriation  4,661.32  4,988.11
Closing Balance  4,661.32  4,988.11
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Opening Balance  (1.94)  -
Add: Fair value changes of various Financial intruments  -
Add: Remeasurement (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  0.42  0.46
Less: Remeasurement (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  0.70  (2.40)
Less : Transfer to retained earnings on disposal of FVOCI equity instruments  -
Closing Balance  (0.83)  (1.94)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Secured- At Amortised Cost  2,809.29  4,494.87
Unsecured
From Others
- Indian currency loan  -  5,940.02
Total Borrowings (non-current)  2,809.29  10,434.89
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Repayable on demand from Banks (secured)
- Cash Credit Facility  -  -
- Working Capital Demand Loan  -
- Secured- At Amortised Cost  1,685.57  1,685.57
- Packing Credit in foreign currency  -
Total Borrowings (current)  1,685.57  1,685.57
Retained Earning
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
15
15A Non-current borrowings
15B Current
 Footnotes:
 As at March 31, 2026, H 2,809.29 Lakhs of the total outstanding borrowings were secured by a charge on property, plant and 
equipment, inventories, receivables and other current assets.
165
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 157 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
15 (Contd..)
 The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
 There are no material differences between the quarterly statements of stock filed by the company with banks and the 
books of accounts.
 The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender in accordance with 
the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
 Rupee term loans as on 31 March 2026, amounting to H2,809.29 lakhs were secured by a charge on immovable & movable 
properties including movable machinery, spares, tools & accessories, ranking pari passu inter-se. The term loan was originally 
payable across 48 equal monthly instalments starting from December 2024 till November 2028 as mentioned in the table below:
(H In Lakhs.)
Loan Account No. Secured Loan 
Taken Interest Rate  Repayment 
Start Date
Repayment 
End Date
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-491  327.00 8.94 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-493  27.21 8.88 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-494  216.04 8.93 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-495  117.55 8.92 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-500  152.88 8.86 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-499  269.35 8.93 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-498  300.56 8.91 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-496  289.20 8.96 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-497  356.30 8.79 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-501  22.30 8.79 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-502  424.81 8.77 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-504  321.38 8.55 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-505  549.42 8.60 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-506  333.33 8.54 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-508  462.92 8.40 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-510  324.62 8.38 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
Outstanding Loan Amount till 31.03.2026  4,494.87
 Note - The above mentioned Term Loan table includes H1,685.57 Lakhs of Current Borrowings of Secured Loan and H 2,809.29 
Lakhs of Non Current Borrowings.
16 Lease Liabilities
16A Lease Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Long term maturities of lease obligations  79.78  25.13
Total lease liabilities (non-current)  79.78  25.13
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Current maturities of finance lease obligations 46.55  23.10
Total lease liabilities (current)  46.55  23.10
16B Current
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company has lease contracts for its office premises and godowns with lease term between 1 year to 5 years. The Company’s 
obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company is restricted from 
assigning and subleasing the leased assets. The Company also has certain leases of office premises and godowns with lease 
terms of 12 months or less. The Company applies the ‘short-term lease’ recognition exemptions for these leases.
Annual Report 2025-26
166


===== PAGE 158 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
16 Lease Liabilities (Contd..)
  (a) The movement in lease liabilities during the year ended 31 March, 2026 is as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Balance at the beginning  48.23  65.79
Additions  98.91  -
Accretion of interest  4.61  5.54
Payment of lease liabilities  (25.43)  (23.10)
Balance at the end  126.33  48.23
Non-current  79.78  25.13
Current  46.55  23.10
  (b) The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Depreciation on right-of-use assets  20.99  19.06
Interest expense on lease liabilities  4.61  5.54
Expense relating to short-term leases  25.43  23.10
Total amount recognised in statement of profit and loss  51.03  47.70
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Security Deposit
AARTI INDUSTRIES LTD  96.14  96.14
Total lease liabilities (non - current)  96.14  96.14
  (c) Details of carrying amount of right-of-use assets and movement during the period is disclosed under Note 5.
 (ii) The maturity analysis of lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 39C (ii) ‘Liquidity Risk Management’.
 (iii) The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 10%, with maturity between 2022-2024.
 (iv) Expense relating to short-term leases are disclosed under the head rent in other expenses
17 Other non financial Liability
18 Provisions
18A Non Current Provisions
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Provision For Employees Benefit
(a) Provision for Gratuity  (4.90)  -
(b) Provision for Leave Salary  19.48  12.84
(c) Provision for Bonus  -  -
Total Provisions (non-current)  14.58  12.84
167
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 159 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
18 Provisions (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Provision For Employees Benefits
(a) Provision for Gratuity  1.09  (5.81)
(b) Provision for Leave Salary  1.87  1.50
(c) Provision for Bonus  28.86  24.28
Total Provisions (current)  31.81  19.98
18B Current
19 Deferred Tax
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2025
Charge / (Credit) 
to Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March,2026
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per 
the books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 184.46  218.07  -  402.53
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (39.71)  (3.74)  -  (43.45)
Fair Value Adjustments on Security Deposit  2.02  4.25  -  6.27
Fair Value Gain on Investments  -  0.32  -  0.32
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  0.79  (0.76)  0.02  0.05
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 -  -  -  -
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (23.38)  22.44  -  (0.94)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  124.17  240.58  0.02  364.78
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2024
Charge / (Credit) 
to Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March,2025
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per 
the books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 129.24  55.21  -  184.46
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (55.69)  18.00  -  (37.69)
Fair Value Adjustments on Security Deposit  -  -  -
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  (7.58)  8.37  -  0.79
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 (4.36)  4.36  -  -
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (0.21)  (23.17)  -  (23.38)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year  -  -  -  -
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  61.77  62.77  -  124.17
Annual Report 2025-26
168


===== PAGE 160 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
19 Deferred Tax (Contd..)
The major components of Income Tax Expense for the year:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
(i) Income tax recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
Current tax:
For current year  163.96  5.68
Deferred tax:
For current year  239.65  63.18
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  403.61  68.86
(ii) Income tax expense recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
Deferred tax:
Income tax (expense) /benefit on remeasurement of defined benefit plans  (0.28)  0.79
Income tax (expense) /benefit on Fair Value Changes on various Financial 
Instruments
 -
Income tax benefit / (expense) recognised in OCI  (0.28)  0.79
Reconciliation of tax expense and accounting profit for the year:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
Profit before tax  76.82  (151.26)
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168%  19.33  (36.44)
Tax effect on non-deductible expenses  6.33  160.95
Effect of Income which is taxed at special rates  14.79  5.68
Effect of concessions (depreciation under income tax act)  (67.07)  (74.95)
Others  190.58  (49.57)
Total  163.96  5.68
Tax expense as per Statement of Profit and Loss  163.96  5.68
20 Trade payables
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
Trade & Non-Trade Payables  -
Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises; and  293.42  378.58
Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small enterprises  9,109.06  3,693.02
Total  9,402.49  4,071.59
Trade payables ageing:
As at 31st March, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
 Total Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year  1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years
(i) MSME  -  126.05  167.37  -  -  -  293.42
(ii) Others  -  8,105.87  468.63  534.34  0.22  -  9,109.06
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -
 -  8,231.92  636.00  534.34  0.22  -  9,402.49
169
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 161 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
20 Trade payables (Contd..)
As at 31st March, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
 Total Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year  1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years
(i) MSME  281.73  96.65  0.19  -  -  378.58
(ii) Others  2,056.84  1,627.03  9.14  -  -  3,693.02
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -
 -  2,338.57  1,723.69  9.34  -  -  4,071.59
Disclosures under Section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (as amended)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
(i) (a) Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier  293.42  378.58
(b) Interest on (i)(a) above
(ii) The amount of interest paid along with the principal payment made to the supplier
(iii) Amount of interest due and payable on delayed payments
(iv) Amount of further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier years
(v) Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises
- Principal  293.42  378.58
- Interest
21 Other Current Financial Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
Creditors for Capital Goods  -  -
Salaries and Wages Payable  35.41  30.83
Outstanding Expenses  190.17  104.43
Total  225.58  135.26
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
Statutory Dues  514.20  25.85
Advance from Customer  38.38  0.21
Total  552.58  26.06
22 Other Current Liabilities
23 Revenue from operations
(H In Lakhs.)
REVENUE FROM OPERATION For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Sale of Manufactured Products  22,929.44  12,971.92
Other revenue from operation  300.00  300.00
Sale of Traded Products  517.31  66.28
Total  23,746.75  13,338.20
Annual Report 2025-26
170


===== PAGE 162 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
Footnotes :
(a) Reconciliation of revenue as per contract price and as recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
23 Revenue from operations (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(a) Revenue as per contract price  23,746.75  13,338.20
(b) Less: Discount  -  -
Revenue as per the Statement of Profit and Loss  23,746.75  13,338.20
 Disaggregate revenue information
(b) In case of Domestic Sales, payment terms range from 60 days to 100 days based on geography and customers. In case of Export 
Sales these are either against documents at sight, documents against acceptance or letters of credit - 60 days to 120 days. There is 
no significant financing component in any transaction with the customers.
(c) The Company does not provide performance warranty for products, therefore there is no liability towards performance warranty.
(d) The Company does not have any remaining performance obligation as contracts entered for sale of goods are for a shorter duration.
24 Other Income
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(a) Interest Income
Interest on Security Deposit  6.31  8.02
Interest on Income Tax Refund  3.61  11.76
Investments in debt instruments measured at fair value  0.57  10.76
Other financial assets carried at amortised cost  98.59  272.12
 109.08  302.67
(b) Other Non-operating Income
Foreign Exchange Gain/ (Loss) (39.23)  (1.47)
Gain on Financial Instrument  61.93  184.39
Profit/(loss) on sale of Fixed assets (3.05)  0.48
Miscellaneous Income  50.16  10.07
 69.82  193.48
(c) Other Gains and Losses
Net gains (Losses) on fair value changes through FVTPL  53.15  47.34
 53.15  47.34
Total  232.04  543.48
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(a) Raw Materials Consumed
Opening Stock  145.08  366.33
Add: Purchases  22,699.85  10,943.11
 22,844.93  11,309.44
Less: Closing Stock  3,849.90  145.08
 18,995.03  11,164.37
(b) Packing Materials Consumed
Opening Stock  5.75  12.93
Add: Purchases  88.22  46.20
 93.97  59.13
Less: Closing Stock  8.76  5.75
 85.21  53.38
 Total Cost of Materials Consumed  19,080.24  11,217.74
25 Cost of Materials Consumed
171
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 163 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
26 PURCHASE OF STOCK IN TRADE
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Purchase of Trading Goods  904.50  56.14
Total  904.50  56.14
27 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in- progress and stock-in -trade
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Opening Stock
- Stock in trade  -  -
- Finished Goods  179.21  319.62
- Work-in-Progress  56.98  302.66
 236.18  622.28
Closing Stock
- Stock in trade  -  -
- Finished Goods  264.95  179.21
- Work-in-Progress  239.63  56.98
 504.58  236.18
Total Change in Inventories  (268.39)  386.10
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Salaries and wages  628.08  396.39
Contribution to provident and other funds  44.23  24.45
Staff Welfare Expenses  27.51  17.98
Total  699.82  438.81
A. Defined benefit plans
 (ii) Post-employment benefits (Gratuity)
  The company provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in 
continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination 
is the employees last drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number 
of years of service. The gratuity plan is a funded plan and the company makes contributions to recognized funds in India. 
The company maintains a target level of funding to be maintained over a period of time based on estimations of expected 
gratuity payments.
  Aforesaid post-employment benefit plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest 
rate risk, salary risk and longevity risk.
  (i) Investment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate determined 
by reference to government bond yields. If the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
  (ii) Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability. However, this will be partially offset 
by an increase in the value of plan’s debt investments.
  (iii) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
  (iv) Longevity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of 
the mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan 
participants will increase the plan’s liability.
Annual Report 2025-26
172


===== PAGE 164 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Contd..)
   Details of defined benefit obligations and plan assets (Gratuity)
   The amounts recognised in the balance sheet and the movements in the net defined benefit obligation over the year 
are as follows :
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Change in defined benefit obligations:
Obligation at the beginning of the year  102.80  87.45
Current Service Cost  12.84  9.62
Interest Cost  7.00  6.31
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss  3.29  3.69
Benefits Paid  (16.05)  (4.27)
Obligation at the end of the year  109.88  102.80
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  108.27  96.92
Interest income  7.38  7.00
Remeasurement gain/(loss) excluding amount included within 
employee benefit expense
 (0.85)  0.50
Contributions by the Employer  8.70  8.13
Benefits Paid  (16.05)  (4.27)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  107.46  108.27
   Amounts recognised in the balance sheet consist of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Present Value of Obligation  109.88  102.80
Fair Value of Plan Assets  (107.46)  (108.27)
 2.42  (5.47)
Recognised as:
Provision for Gratuity (non-current)
Provision for Gratuity (current)  2.42  (5.47)
   Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss consists of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Employee benefits expenses:
Current service cost  12.84  9.62
Net interest expense  (0.37)  (0.68)
 12.46  8.94
Other comprehensive income
Return on plan assets excluding amount included in employee benefits 
expense
 0.85  (0.50)
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in demographic assumption  -  -
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumption  (5.63)  2.59
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in experience adjustments  2.70  1.10
 (2.09)  3.19
Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss  10.38  12.13
173
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 165 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Contd..)
   The major categories of plans assets are as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Asset category
Insurance fund  107.46  108.27
Total  107.46  108.27
   Key assumptions used in the measurement of retiring gratuity is as below:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Financial Assumptions:
Discount Rate 7.59% 6.81%
Rate of escalation in Salary 5.50% 5.50%
Demographic Assumptions:
Rate of Employee Turnover 3.00% 3.00%
Mortality Rate Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
   Maturity profile of projected benefit obligation (from fund) :
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
1st following year  15.77  14.20
2nd following year  3.22  7.94
3rd following year  13.97  8.39
4th following year  14.02  12.25
5th following year  8.25  15.21
Sum of year 6 To 10  40.48  30.26
Sum of year 6 To 10  78.57  77.13
   Footnotes
   (i) The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions 
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
   (ii) The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit 
obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the 
assumptions may be correlated.
   (iii) Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected benefit obligation 
has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same 
method as applied in calculating the projected benefit obligation as recognised in the balance sheet.
   (iv) There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
   (v) The Company is expected to contribute H 5.39 lakhs (PY H 8.13 lakhs ) to defined benefit plan obligations funds for 
the year ended March 31, 2026.
   (vi) Expected return on assets is determined by multiplying the opening fair value of the plan assets by the expected 
rate of return determined at the start of the annual reporting period, taking account of expected contributions & 
expected settlements during the reporting period.
   (vii) The Weighted Average Duration of the Plan works out to 8 years.
   (viii) Asset Liability matching strategy:
Annual Report 2025-26
174


===== PAGE 166 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Contd..)
    The money contributed by the Company to the Gratuity fund to finance the liabilities of the plan has to be 
invested. The trustees of the plan have outsourced the investment management of the fund to an insurance 
Company. The insurance Company in turn manages these funds as per the mandate provided to them by the 
trustees and the asset allocation which is within the permissible limits prescribed in the insurance regulations. 
Due to the restrictions in the type of investments that can be held by the fund, it is not possible to explicitly follow 
an asset liability matching strategy. There is no compulsion on the part of the Company to fully prefund the 
liability of the Plan.
   (ix) Other long-term employee benefits
    Annual Leave and Sick Leave assumptions
    The liability towards compensated absences (annual leave and sick leave) for the year ended 31st March, 2026 based 
on actuarial valuation carried out by using Projected Accrued Benefit Method resulted in liability of H 15.58 lakhs.
B. Defined contribution plans
 Provident Fund
 The company has certain defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund for employees at the rate of 12% 
of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by the government. The 
obligation of the company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor any constructive obligation. 
The expense recognized during the period towards defined contribution plan are H 22.92 lakhs (PY H 23.47 lakhs).
 On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified provisions of the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 
2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020 and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, (‘Labour Codes’) 
which consolidate twenty-nine existing labour laws into a unified framework governing employee benefits during employment 
and post-employment. The Labour Codes, amongst other things introduces changes, including a uniform definition of wages and 
enhanced benefits relating to leave. The Company has assessed the financial implications of these changes which has resulted in 
increase in gratuity liability arising out of past service cost and increase in leave liability. Considering the impact arising out of 
an enactment of the new legislation is an event of non-recurring nature, the Company has presented this incremental amount as 
“Contribution to Provident Fund” under “Employee Benefit Expenses” in the Condensed Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the year ended March 31, 2026. The Company continues to monitor the developments pertaining to Labour Codes and will 
evaluate impact if any on the measurement of the employee benefits liability
29 Finance Costs
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Interest Expense-Bank  177.69  11.82
Interest on finance lease obligations  4.61  5.54
Interest Others  7.94  0.18
Total  190.25  17.53
Note: Finance costs incurred on various projects being qualifying assets is capitalised in accordance with Ind AS 23.
On adoption of Ind AS 116 Leases, the Company has recognised Right-of-use assets and created lease obligation representing present 
value of future minimum lease payments.
30 DEPRECIATION & AMORTISATION EXPENSES
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Depreciation on property plant and equipment  582.98  190.20
Depreciation on Right-of-use assets  20.99  19.06
Total  603.98  209.26
175
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 167 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Payment to Auditors
- For Statutory Audit  2.20  3.31
- Tax Audit  1.00  -
- For Other Services  1.66  1.50
Total  4.86  4.81
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Net Profit available for Equity Shareholders  (326.79)  (220.12)
No. of Equity Shares as per financial statement  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Basic Earnings Per Share* (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year)
 5,03,84,144.00  4,34,50,000
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Consumption of stores and spare parts  84.91  34.22
Consumption of Power & Steam  990.52  585.54
Freight Octroi & Cartage  294.31  122.50
Repairs & Maintenance  -
- Building  16.69  24.86
- Plant & Machinery  35.55  14.40
Insurance Charges  13.26  15.78
Water & Drainage Charges  30.24  8.62
Effluent Treatment Plant Charge  17.54  13.30
Labour Charges  314.42  222.69
Statutory Liability  -  0.05
Safety & Security Charges  25.18  12.62
Laboratory charges  13.08  14.82
Legal and Professional Fees  54.26  49.82
Weighing charges  0.73  0.63
Vehicle Expenses  3.67  3.91
Commission and Incentives on sales  68.30  54.49
Auditor's Remuneration  4.86  4.81
Provision for Bad and Doubtful Debts  9.74  84.76
Sundry balance written off  -  (0.00)
Director Sitting Fees  2.20  1.30
Donation  0.55  21.69
Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  325.12
- Corporate Social Responsibility (refer note no. 44)  -  -
 Disposal of asset  18.16  -
Miscellaneous Expenses  324.13  91.42
Consumption of Gas  369.26  -
Total  2,691.58  1,707.35
31 OTHER EXPENSES
Details of payments to Auditors
32- EARNING PER SHARE (EPS):
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity shares that would be issued on 
conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into Equity shares.
Annual Report 2025-26
176


===== PAGE 168 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
32- EARNING PER SHARE (EPS): (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Diluted Earnings Per Share** (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year)
 5,03,84,144.00  4,34,50,000
Basic Earnings Per Share (in H)  (0.65)  (0.51)
Diluted Earnings Per Share (in H)  (0.65)  (0.51)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Basic and Diluted EPS (in Nos)
Existing (Nos)  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000
Right issue of shares  1,08,62,500  -
Total Number of shares after conversion  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Bonus Issue in Previous year  -
Bonus Issue in current year  -
Total Number of shares after Bonus issue  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Number of Shares for Computation of EPS
33 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for)
Contingent Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
(i) GST matters (including penalty)  98.97  -
(ii) Income tax matters  -  -
(iii) Labour laws related matters (ESIC)  -  -
(iv) Others - Bank Guarantees  310.33  9.00
(v) Corporate Guarantee*  4,494.87  6,180.44
Total  4,904.17  6,189.44
*Corporate Guarantee given by VLL on behalf on VASPL is H100 crores out of which only H44.95 crores has been availed as on Mar 26
Future cash outflows in respect of the above matters are determinable only on receipt of judgments/decisions pending at 
various stages/forums
(a) Commitments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(a) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of advances)
 -  -
(b) Letters of Credit and Bank guarantees issued by bankers towards procurement 
of goods and services and outstanding as at year end
 1,803.59  1,418.98
Total  1,803.59  1,418.98
(b) Corporate Social Responsibility
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(A) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  -  -
(B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -  -
177
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 169 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
32- EARNING PER SHARE (EPS): (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
On purposes other than above  -  -
Total  -  -
(C) Amount spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -
On purposes other than above  -  -
Total  -  -
(D) Details of ongoing project and other than ongoing project
(i) In case of Section 135(6) (ongoing project)
Opening Balance - With Company  -
     - In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -
Amount required to be spent during the year  -
Amount spent during the year - From Company’s bank A/c'  -
 - From Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -
Closing Balance - With Company  -
     - In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -
(ii) In case of Section 135(5) (other than ongoing project)
Opening Balance  (1.34)  (1.34)
Amount deposited in Specified Fund of Sch. VII within 6 months  -  -
Amount required to be spent during the year  -  -
Amount spent during the year  -  -
Closing balance (Excess spent)  (1.34)  (1.34)
34 Segment Information
The operating segments have been reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Board of Directors, who 
are the Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODM). The board responsible for allocating resources and assessing the performance of 
operating segments. Accordingly, the reportable segment is only one segment i.e. pharmacuticals.
(a) Revenue from Type of Product and Services
 There is only one operating segment of the Company which is based on nature of product. Hence the revenue from external 
customers shown under geographical information is representative of revenue based on product and services.
(b) Geographical Information
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Segment Revenue - External Turnover
Within India  23,336.99  13,274.08
Outside India  409.75  64.12
Total  23,746.75  13,338.20
Non-Current Assets*
Within India  23,565.32  20,823.94
Outside India  -  -
Total  23,565.32  20,823.94
 * includes property plant and equipment, intangible assets, capital work-in-progress, other financial asset and other non-current assets.
Annual Report 2025-26
178


===== PAGE 170 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
35 Related Party Transactions
Disclosure on Related Party Transactions as required by Ind AS 24 - Related Party Disclosures is given below:
Holding
Name Relation
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP Holding
Valiant Organics limited Ultimate holding
Subsidiary
Name Relation
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company
(a) Key Managerial Personnel:
Name Designation
Mr Santosh Vora Managing Director
Mr Paresh Shah Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer
Mr Jyotibhushan Singh Executive Director in VASPL
Ms Prajakta Patil (Resigned w.e.f June 15, 2025) Company Secretary
Mr Akshay Gangurde (Appointed w.e.f July 9, 2025) Company Secretary
(b) Other entities where significant influence exist:
 (i) Post employment-benefit plan entity:
  The Trustee Valiant Laboratories Limited Employee Group Gratuity Fund
(c) Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel
 Mr. Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Kanchan Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora
 Mr. Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Sushila Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Varsha Paresh Shah
 Mr. Dhirenbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mr. Mehulbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Meena Dhiren Shah
 Mr. Devansh Paresh Shah
 Ms. Nirali Shah Sheth
 Mrs. Rashmi Singh
 Mr. Abhijeet Singh
 Mr. Avinash Kumar Singh
 Mr. Himanshu Singh
179
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 171 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
35 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
 Ms. Srishti Singh
 Mr. Dnyaneshwar Gangurde
 Mrs. Baby Gangurde
 Mr. Nihal Gangurde
 Ms. Sonali Gangurde
(d) Other related parties
Name Designation
Mrs. Sonal Vira Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Sandeep Gupta Non Executive Director
Mr. Mulesh Savla Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Ashok Chheda Non Executive Independent Director
 Compensation of key management personnel of the Company:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Mar-26 Mar-25
(i) Short-term employee benefits  65.34  69.66
(ii) Post-employment benefits#  -  -
(iii) Director Sitting fees  1.25  1.25
Total compensation paid to key management personnel  66.59  70.91
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding with holding company
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP Investment (Unsec Loan taken)  -  -  -  4,861.61
Investment (Unsec Loan repaid)  4,861.61  -  -  -
Purchase of Goods  37.56  -  -  -
Aarti Industries Limited Purchase of Goods  14.69  -  -  -
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited Rent Received  300.00  -  354.00  27.00
Sale of Goods  555.57  340.02  -  -
Purchase of Goods  288.76  31.11  281.96  -
Deposit  -  96.14  -  96.14
Reimbursement - Electricity & 
Water
 622.68  65.81  643.39  45.76
Valiant Organics limited Others - Reimbursement  -  -  -  -
Purchase of Goods  10,739.60  5,496.07  5,017.15  0.74
Purchase of Asset  -  -  23.00  18.87
Sale of Goods  103.74  28.22  0.59  -
Sale of Asset  -  -  -  -
Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited
Investment (Share Capital)  -  16,505.80  8,408.47  16,505.80
Sale of Asset  -  -  6.57  6.57
Reimbursement - Salary  15.33  -  6.00  6.00
Reimbursement - Others  3.13  -  -  -
Advance to Supplier  2,930.75  -  188.96  188.96
Purchase of Goods  2,059.50  -  0.21  0.21
Other Income  0.20  -  -  -
Sale of Goods  1,130.74  -  -  -
Annual Report 2025-26
180


===== PAGE 172 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
35 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) / Close Family Member of Key 
Managerial Personnel:
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Mr Santosh Vora Remuneration  27.00  -  12.00  1.00
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  360.03
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  360.03  -  -  -
Sitting Fees  0.50  -  0.40  -
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  358.94
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  358.94  -  -  -
Mr Paresh Shah Remuneration  15.00  -  15.00  1.25
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  359.43
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  359.43  -  -  -
Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora Remuneration  2.50  -  15.00  1.25
Mr J B Singh Remuneration  17.00  -  14.00  1.17
Mrs. Sonal Vira Sitting Fees  0.50  -  0.45  -
Mr Velji Gogri Sitting Fees  -  -  0.20  -
Mr Mulesh Savla Sitting Fees  0.58  -  0.33  -
Mr Sandeep Gupta Sitting Fees  0.25  -  0.20  -
Mr Ashok Chheda Sitting Fees  0.38  -  0.10  -
Mr Akshay Gangurde Salary  10.33  -  -  -
Ms Prajakta Patil Salary  3.84  -  13.66  2.06
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
The Trustee Valiant 
Laboratories Limited 
Employee Group Gratuity 
Fund
Contribution to the Gratuity Funds  2.61  -  2.39  -
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Entities Controlled/Significantly influenced by Directors/ Close 
Family Members of Directors:
36 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values
Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”
Category-wise classification for applicable financial assets:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
As at 31st March' 2026 As at 31st March' 2025
 Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value  Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Financial Assets
Financial assets measured at 
cost
Investment in Subsidiaries Non-
Current
 -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost
Security Deposits Non-
Current
 240.55  N.A  N.A  N.A  357.16  N.A  N.A  N.A
Prepaid Expenses Non-
Current
 3.00  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
181
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 173 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
36 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
As at 31st March' 2026 As at 31st March' 2025
 Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value  Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Trade Receivables Current  9,356.48  N.A  N.A  N.A  7,212.19  N.A  N.A  N.A
Cash on hand Current  3.22  N.A  N.A  N.A  8.65  N.A  N.A  N.A
Balance with Banks Current  349.60  N.A  N.A  N.A  483.00  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Fixed Deposits Current  352.74  N.A  N.A  N.A  7,107.49  N.A  N.A  N.A
Loans to employees Current  4.19  N.A  N.A  N.A  6.16  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Receivables Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
 10,309.78  -  -  -  15,174.66  -  -  -
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(FVTOCI)
Investments in Mutual Fund Current  2,609.40 2,609.40  -  -  -  -  -  -
 2,609.40 2,609.40  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Financial Assets  12,919.18 2,609.40  -  -  15,174.66  -  -  -
Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities measured 
at amortised cost
Unsecured Loans Non-
Current
 2,809.29  N.A  N.A  N.A  10,434.89  N.A  N.A  N.A
Long-term maturities of lease 
obligations
Non-
Current
 79.78  N.A  N.A  N.A  25.13  N.A  N.A  N.A
Security Deposits Non-
Current
 96.14  N.A  N.A  N.A  96.14  N.A  N.A  N.A
Short term borrowings - 
Working capital loans from 
Banks
Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Trade Payables  -  -
- Due to Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises
Current  293.42  N.A  N.A  N.A  378.58  N.A  N.A  N.A
- Due to Others Current  9,109.06  N.A  N.A  N.A  3,693.02  N.A  N.A  N.A
Creditors for Capital Goods Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Current maturities of finance 
lease obligations
Current  46.55  N.A  N.A  N.A  23.10  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Financials Liabilities Current  225.58  N.A  N.A  N.A  135.26  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Current Liabilities Current  552.58  N.A  N.A  N.A  26.06  N.A  N.A  N.A
Total Financial Liabilities  13,212.40  -  -  -  14,812.17  -  -  -
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 : Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity instruments and mutual 
funds that have quoted price. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV.
Level 2 : The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation techniques which 
maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required 
to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
Level 3 : If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the 
case for unlisted equity securities etc. included in level 3.
This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are (a) 
recognised and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the financial 
statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the group has classified its 
financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standard. An explanation of each level followed is given in 
the table above.
Annual Report 2025-26
182


===== PAGE 174 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
37 Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s Risk Management 
framework. The Board has established the Risk Management Committee, which is responsible for developing and monitoring the 
Company’s Risk Management policies. The Committee reports regularly to the Board of Directors on its activities.
The Company's financial assets comprise mainly of investments, cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables 
and other receivables and financial liabilities comprise mainly of borrowings, trade payables and other payables
The Company’s activities expose it to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. The Company’s overall risk management focuses on the 
unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Company. The 
Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps to hedge foreign currency risk 
and interest rate risk exposure . Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.
A. Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market 
prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk and currency risk. Financial instruments affected by market 
risk include borrowings, investments, trade payables, trade receivables
 (i) Interest rate risk
  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of the financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes 
in market interest rates.
 (ii) Foreign currency risk
  Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates. The Company transacts in several currencies and consequently the Company is exposed to foreign 
exchange risk through its sales outside India and purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The 
exchange rate between the Indian rupee and foreign currencies has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate 
substantially in the future. Consequently, the results of the Company’s operations are affected as the rupee appreciates 
/ depreciates against these currencies. Foreign currency exchange rate exposure is partly balanced by purchase of raw 
materials and services in the respective currencies.
  As at the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of the material foreign currency denominated monetary assets 
and liabilities are as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
As at March 2026 As at March 2025
Amount in 
foreign currency
Amount in 
Rupees- INR
Amount in 
foreign currency
Amount in 
Rupees- INR
Liabilities
United States Dollar (USD)  19.14  1,803.59  16.25  1,418.36
 19.14  1,803.59  -  1,418.36
Assets
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  0.03  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  0.16  14.99  0.09  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  3.59  332.07  -  -
 -  347.06  -  (11.17)
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (total)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.16)  (14.99)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  15.55  1,471.52  16.25  1,418.36
Foreign exchange derivatives
USD (Hedged) - Currency swaps against 
foreign currency borrowings
 -  -  -  -
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (unhedged)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.16)  (14.99)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  15.55  1,471.52  16.25  1,418.36
183
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 175 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
37 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
B. Credit risk
 Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to 
a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities, primarily for trade receivables and deposits 
with banks and other financial assets. The Company ensures that sales of products are made to customers with appropriate 
creditworthiness. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored by the management. An impairment analysis is 
performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major customers. Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited 
as the Company generally invest in deposits with banks.
 Refer footnotes (d) below note no. 8 for ageing of trade receivables and movement in credit loss allowance.
C. Liquidity Risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its financial obligations without incurring unacceptable losses. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per 
requirements. The Company has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital lines from various banks. Furthermore, the 
Company have access to undrawn lines of committed borrowing/facilities. The Company invests its surplus funds in bank fixed 
deposits and in mutual funds, which carry no or low market risk. The company consistently generates sufficient cash flows from 
operations or from cash and cash equivalents to meet its financial obligations including lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
 (i) Financing arrangements
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Secured borrowing facilities
- Amount unused 1,626.00  1,700.00
Total  -  1,700.00
 (ii) Maturity profile of financial liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Less than 
1 year
Between 
1 to 5 years Over 5 years Less than 
1 year
Between 
1 to 5 years Over 5 years
As on 31st March, 2026
Borrowings  1,685.57  2,809.29  -  4,654.16  7,466.30  -
Lease Liabilities  46.55  79.78  -  23.10  25.13  -
Trade Payables  8,867.92  534.56  -  4,062.26  9.34  -
Other Financial Liabilities  225.58  -  -  135.26  -  -
 10,825.62  3,423.63  -  8,874.77  7,500.78  -
D. Capital Management
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity shareholders. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximise the shareholder 
value, safeguard business continuity and support the growth of the Company. The Company manages its capital structure and 
makes suitable adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions.
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Borrowings - Current and Non-Current  4,494.87  12,120.46
Long-term maturities of Lease obligations  79.78  25.13
Current maturities of Lease obligations  46.55  23.10
Less: cash and cash equivalent  (352.81)  (491.65)
Less: other balances with banks  (352.74)  (7,107.49)
Less: current investments  (2,609.40)  -
Net Debts  1,306.23  4,569.55
Total Equity  31,088.51  23,431.01
% Net debt to equity ratio 4.20% 19.50%
Annual Report 2025-26
184


===== PAGE 176 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
39
(A) Value and percentage of Raw Materials and Stores and Spares consumed:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Raw Materials
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 60.86% 66.13%
Amount (H in lakhs)  11,560.41  7,382.86
Imported
Percenatge (%) 39.14% 33.87%
Amount (H in lakhs)  7,434.62  3,781.51
Total Raw Material Consumed  18,995.03  11,164.37
Stores & Spares
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 147.37% 100.00%
Amount (H in lakhs)  84.91  34.22
Imported
Percenatge (%)  -  -
Amount (H in lakhs)
Total Stores & Spares Consumed  57.62  34.22
(B) C.I.F Value of Import
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Raw Material  7,467.46  3,801.23
Capital Goods  14.99  -
(C) Expenditure in Foreign Currency
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Foreign Business Expense  7.21  -
Bank Charges  -  -
Commission Expense  -  -
Others  -  -
(D) Earnings in Foreign Currency
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
F.O.B Value of Export  409.75  64.12
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
(a) The Company does not have any benami property held in its name. No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending 
against the Company for holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules 
made thereunder.
(b) The Company does not have any transactions or relationships with any companies struck off under Section 248 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 or Section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956.
(c) The Company has complied with the requirement with respect to number of layers as prescribed under section 2(87) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
(d) Utilisation of borrowed funds and share premium:
185
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 177 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 (Contd..)
 (i) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
  - Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
 (ii) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
  - directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
(e) There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such 
as search or survey), that has not been recorded in the books of account.
(f) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the year.
40 Ratio Analysis
Sr. 
No. Ratio Numerator Denominator
As at 
31st March 
2026
As at 
31st March 
2025
% Change Reason for variance
1 Current ratio Current Assets Current Liabilities  1.91  3.23 (40.84%) Increase in 
inventory & 
Advance to 
Supllier has led to 
variance in ratio
2 Net Debt Equity 
ratio
Net debt = Non-current 
borrowings + Current 
borrowings + Non-
current and current 
lease liabilities - Current 
investments - Cash and 
cash equivalents - Other 
balances with banks 
(including non-current 
earmarked balances)
Average Equity 
[Equity = Equity share 
capital + Other equity]
 0.05  0.19 (75.30%) Repayment of 
borrowings during 
the year
3 Debt Service 
Coverage ratio
Earnings for debt 
service =Profit before 
tax + depreciation and 
amortisation expense + 
finance costs]
Debt service = Finance 
costs + scheduled 
principal repayments 
(excluding 
prepayments) during 
the year for non-
current borrowings 
(including current 
maturities) and lease 
liabilities
 (0.12)  0.02 (807.73%) Repayment of 
borrowings during 
the year
4 Return on Equity 
ratio
Profit after tax Average total equity 
[Equity = Equity share 
capital + Other equity]
(1.20%) (0.93%) 28.31% Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
Annual Report 2025-26
186


===== PAGE 178 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
40 Ratio Analysis (Contd..)
Sr. 
No. Ratio Numerator Denominator
As at 
31st March 
2026
As at 
31st March 
2025
% Change Reason for variance
5 Inventory 
Turnover ratio
Cost of goods sold Average Inventory  7.98  16.65 (52.08%) Increase in 
inventory has led 
to variance in ratio
6 Trade Receivable 
Turnover ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Average Trade 
Receivable
 2.87  2.26 26.63% Increase in 
revenue during the 
year
7 Trade Payable 
Turnover ratio
Adjusted Expenses 
[Adjusted Expenses = 
Total Expenses - Finance 
Cost - Depreciation 
and Amortisation 
Expense – Employee 
Benefit Expenses – 
Other expenses with 
respect to Rates & Taxes, 
Provision for Doubtful 
Debts, Provision for 
Impairment and Foreign 
Exchange Gain/Loss]
Average Trade 
Payables
 3.32  3.89 (14.74%)
8 Net Capital 
Turnover ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Average Working 
capital = Current 
assets – Current 
liabilities
196.35% 80.97% 142.51% Increase in 
revenue during the 
year
9 Net Profit ratio Profit after tax Revenue from 
operations
(1.38%) (1.65%) (16.61%)
10 Return on 
Capital 
Employed
Earnings before interest 
and tax
Average Capital 
Employed (Capital 
Employed = Total 
Assets -Total Current 
& Non Current 
Liabilities+Deferred 
tax)
2.77% 0.32% 763.59% Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
187
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 179 =====
Notice is hereby given that the 5th (Fifth) Annual General Meeting 
of the Members of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“VLL”) will be 
held on Monday, the 28 th day of September, 2026, at 11:30 A.M., 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means 
(“OAVM”), to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
Item No. 1
To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026, together with the Reports of the Board of 
Directors and the Auditors thereon.
Item No. 2
To appoint a director in place of Mr. Sandeep Gupta (DIN: 
09245060), Non-Executive Director, who retires by rotation and, 
being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
Item No. 3
Ratification of remuneration to the Cost Auditors for the 
Financial Year 2026-27.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the 
remuneration payable to M/s. Ketki D. Visariya & Co., Cost 
Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 000362), appointed by 
the Board of Directors of the Company on the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee, as Cost Auditors of the Company to 
conduct audit of the cost records and related books maintained by 
the Company in respect of Drugs and Pharmaceuticals business 
for the financial year 2026-27, amounting to Rs. 45,000/- (Rupees 
Forty-Five Thousand Only) per annum, plus applicable taxes and 
reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses as may be incurred by 
them during the course of the audit, be and is hereby ratified and 
approved by the members of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) or any Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorised to do all acts and deeds and take all such steps as may 
be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
Item No. 4
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) with Valiant 
Organics Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, the approval of the members of the Company be and 
is hereby accorded to the Company to enter into contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual 
transaction or transactions taken together or series of transactions 
or otherwise) with Valiant Organics Limited, being the related 
party of the Company in relation to the sale, purchase, transfer, 
lease, disposal or acquisition of goods, materials, services, capital 
assets, infrastructure, development rights or any other resources 
and obligations, including rendering, availing or receipt of 
services, commission and other commercial arrangements, for 
an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 466 Crore (Rupees Four 
Hundred and Sixty-Six Crore Only) from the conclusion of 5 th 
Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company, at arm’s length basis in the 
ordinary course of business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 5
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) with Aarti 
Pharmalabs Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
NOTICE OF THE 5TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Annual Report 2025-26
188


===== PAGE 180 =====
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, the approval of the members of the Company be and 
is hereby accorded to the Company to enter into contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual 
transaction or transactions taken together or series of transactions 
or otherwise) with Aarti Pharmalabs Limited, being the related 
party of the Company in relation to the sale, purchase, transfer, 
disposal or acquisition of goods, materials, services, capital 
assets, infrastructure, development rights or any other resources 
and obligations, including rendering and availing of services, 
reimbursement of expenses and other commercial arrangements, 
for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 45 Crore (Rupees 
Forty-Five Crore Only) from the conclusion of 5th Annual General 
Meeting until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual General Meeting 
of the Company, at arm’s length basis in the ordinary course of 
business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 6
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited and Valiant 
Organics Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation of 
the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, 
the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to enter 
into contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way 
of an individual transaction or transactions taken together or 
series of transactions or otherwise) with Valiant Organics Limited, 
being the related party of the Company in relation to the sale, 
purchase, transfer, disposal or acquisition of goods, materials, 
services, capital assets, infrastructure, development rights or any 
other resources and obligations, including rendering and availing 
of services, reimbursement of expenses and other commercial 
arrangements, for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 117 
Crore (Rupees One Hundred and Seventeen Crore Only) from the 
conclusion of 5th Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of 
the 6th Annual General Meeting of the Company, at arm’s length 
basis in the ordinary course of business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 7
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited and Aarti 
Pharmalabs Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, the approval of the members of the Company be 
and is hereby accorded to Valiant Advanced Sciences Private 
Limited to enter into contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) 
(whether by way of an individual transaction or transactions 
taken together or series of transactions or otherwise) with Aarti 
Pharmalabs Limited, being the related party of the Company in 
relation to the sale, purchase, transfer, disposal or acquisition 
of goods, materials, services, capital assets, infrastructure, 
development rights or any other resources and obligations, 
including rendering and availing of services, reimbursement of 
expenses and other commercial arrangements, for an aggregate 
amount not exceeding Rs. 187 Crore (Rupees One Hundred and 
Eighty-Seven Crore Only) from the conclusion of 5 th Annual 
General Meeting until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company, at arm’s length basis in the ordinary 
course of business of the Company.
189
Notice

===== PAGE 181 =====
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 8
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited and Alchemie 
Speciality Chemicals Private Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation of 
the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, 
the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to enter 
into contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way 
of an individual transaction or transactions taken together or series 
of transactions or otherwise) with Alchemie Speciality Chemicals 
Private Limited, being the related party of the Company in relation 
to the sale, purchase, transfer, disposal or acquisition of goods, 
materials, services, capital assets, infrastructure, development 
rights or any other resources and obligations, including rendering 
and availing of services, reimbursement of expenses and other 
commercial arrangements, for an aggregate amount not exceeding 
Rs. 59 Crore (Rupees Fifty-Nine Crore Only) from the conclusion 
of 5 th Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the 6 th 
Annual General Meeting of the Company, at arm’s length basis in 
the ordinary course of business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 9
Re-appointment of Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 07633923) as 
Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5 years and 
to fix his remuneration.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
196, 197, 198, 203 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with Schedule V thereto and 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, and applicable provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including any statutory 
modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force, applicable clauses of the Articles of 
Association of the Company, and based on the recommendations 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Audit 
Committee and the approval of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, consent of the Members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded for the re-appointment of Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 
07633923) as the Managing Director of the Company for a period 
of five (5) years with effect from February 06, 2027 to February 
05, 2032 (both days inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation, 
and to approve his remuneration for a period of three (3) years 
commencing from February 06, 2027 to February 05, 2030 (both 
days inclusive), upon such terms and conditions of appointment 
including the payment of remuneration, perquisites and other 
benefits as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the 
Notice convening this Annual General Meeting, with authority 
to the Board of Directors (including its Committees thereof) 
to revise the terms and conditions of the said appointment 
and remuneration from time to time to the extent the Board of 
Directors may deem appropriate provided that the remuneration 
payable (including the salary, perquisites, other benefits, etc.) 
does not exceed the limits laid down in Section 197, Schedule V 
and computed in the manner laid down in Section 198 of the Act, 
including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or 
inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the tenure 
of appointment, the remuneration shall be paid to Mr. Santosh 
Vora in accordance with the provisions and limits specified 
under Schedule V of the Act or any statutory modification(s) or 
re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Santosh Vora shall not be 
entitled to any sitting fees for attending the meetings of the Board 
of Directors of the Company and/ or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) and/or any 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
Annual Report 2025-26
190


===== PAGE 182 =====
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient 
to give effect to this Resolution.”
Item No. 10
Re-appointment of Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 09505883) as an 
Independent Director for the second term of five consecutive years.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 
150 and 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, read with 
Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force) and Regulation 17 and other applicable provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing 
Regulations’), as amended from time to time, Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 
09505883), who was appointed as an Independent Director of the 
Company for a term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from 
February 16, 2022 to February 15, 2027 (both dates inclusive) and 
who, being eligible for re-appointment as an Independent Director, 
has given her consent along with a declaration that she meets the 
criteria of independence under Section 149(6) of the Act and the 
Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and based on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, be and is hereby re-appointed as an Independent Director 
of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for 
a second term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from 
February 16, 2027 up to February 15, 2032 (both dates inclusive).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) and/or any 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient 
to give effect to this Resolution.”
Item No. 11
Revision in remuneration of Mr. Paresh Shah (DIN: 08291953) 
Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s) the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with Schedule V thereto and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in accordance 
with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and based on 
the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and the Audit Committee and the approval of the 
Board of Directors, consent of the members of the Company be 
and is hereby accorded for revision in the remuneration payable 
to Mr. Paresh Shah (DIN: 08291953), Whole-Time Director of the 
Company, with effect from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2029 (both 
days inclusive) upon the terms and conditions of remuneration, 
perquisites and other benefits as set out in the Explanatory 
Statement annexed to the Notice convening this Annual General 
Meeting, with authority to the Board of Directors (including its 
Committees thereof) to revise the terms and conditions of the 
said remuneration from time to time to the extent the Board of 
Directors may deem appropriate provided that the remuneration 
payable (including the salary, perquisites, other benefits, etc.) 
does not exceed the limits laid down in Section 197, Schedule V 
and computed in the manner laid down in Section 198 of the Act, 
including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or 
inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the aforesaid 
period, the remuneration shall be paid to Mr. Paresh Shah as 
minimum remuneration in accordance with the provisions and 
limits specified under Schedule V of the Act or any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Paresh Shah shall not be 
entitled to any sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board of 
Directors of the Company and/or its Committees thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
as may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give 
effect to this resolution.”
Item No. 12
Continuation of Directorship of Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 
07633852) as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the 
Company, upon attaining 75 years of age.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including 
any statutory modification(s), amendment(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, and based on 
the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, consent 
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the 
continuation of directorship of Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852) 
who would be attaining the age of seventy-five (75) years on 
November 05, 2027, as a Non-Executive Non-Independent 
Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation, with effect 
from November 05, 2027.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) and/or any 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient 
to give effect to this Resolution.”
Item No. 13
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mr. 
Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852), Non-Executive Director of the 
Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
191
Notice

===== PAGE 183 =====
2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules made thereunder 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof 
for the time being in force), and in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, approval of the members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded for payment of remuneration 
by way of commission to Mr. Shantilal Vora, Non-Executive Director 
of the Company, for the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 
2027 at the rate of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mr. Shantilal Vora 
for attending the meetings of the Board and/or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by way 
of commission shall be paid to Mr. Shantilal Vora in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 14
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mr. 
Sandeep Gupta (DIN: 09245060), Non-Executive Director of the 
Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for payment of remuneration by way of commission 
to Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Non-Executive Director of the Company, 
for the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027 at the rate 
of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mr. Sandeep 
Gupta for attending the meetings of the Board and/or 
its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by way 
of commission shall be paid to Mr. Sandeep Gupta in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 15
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mr. Mulesh 
Savla (DIN: 07474847), Independent Director of the Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for payment of remuneration by way of commission 
to Mr. Mulesh Savla, Independent Director of the Company, for 
the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027 at the rate 
of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mr. Mulesh Savla 
for attending the meetings of the Board and/or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by way 
of commission shall be paid to Mr. Mulesh Savla in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 16
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mrs. Sonal 
Vira (DIN: 09505883), Independent Director of the Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for payment of remuneration by way of commission 
to Mrs. Sonal Vira, Independent Director of the Company, for 
the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027 at the rate 
of 0.25% of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mrs. Sonal Vira 
for attending the meetings of the Board and/or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by 
Annual Report 2025-26
192


===== PAGE 184 =====
way of commission shall be paid to Mrs. Sonal Vira in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 17
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mr. 
Ashok Chheda (DIN: 10776571), Independent Director of the 
Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for payment of remuneration by way of commission to 
Mr. Ashok Chheda, Independent Director of the Company, for 
the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027 at the rate 
of 0.25% of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mr. Ashok Chheda 
for attending the meetings of the Board and/or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by way 
of commission shall be paid to Mr. Ashok Chheda in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 18
Shifting of the Registered Office of the Company outside the 
jurisdiction of the existing Registrar of Companies (ROC) 
within the State of Maharashtra.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 12, 13 and 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Incorporation) Rules, 2014 and other applicable 
statutory provisions, including any statutory modification(s), 
amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, 
and subject to the approval of the Central Government (power 
delegated to the Regional Director) and such other approvals, 
permissions and sanctions as may be necessary, and as approved 
by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on August 10, 2026, 
consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
for shifting the Registered Office of the Company from 104, Udyog 
Kshetra, Mulund (West), Mumbai – 400080, Maharashtra (under the 
jurisdiction of Registrar of Companies, Mumbai / ROC Mumbai-I) 
to Plot No. L-13, L-28, L-28(Pt), L-29 & L-30, Tarapur MIDC, Boisar, 
District – Palghar, Maharashtra – 401506 (under the jurisdiction of 
Registrar of Companies, Navi Mumbai / ROC Mumbai-II).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Clause II of the Memorandum 
of Association of the Company be and is hereby altered and 
substituted with the following:
“The Registered Office of the Company shall be situated in the 
State of Maharashtra, i.e. within the jurisdiction of the Registrar 
of Companies, Mumbai-II.”
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) and/or any 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient 
to give effect to this Resolution.”
Place: Mumbai By Order of the Board
Date: August 10, 2026 For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Registered Office:
104, Udyog Kshetra,
Mulund Goregaon Link Road 
Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080 Sd/-
CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904 Akshay Gangurde
Email: complianceofficer@valiantlabs.in Company Secretary
Website: www.valiantlabs.in Membership No.: A70561
193
Notice

===== PAGE 185 =====
NOTES:
1. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), in respect of the Special Business 
under Item Nos. 3 to 18 set out above is annexed hereto as 
‘Annexure I’; and the relevant details of the Directors under 
Item No. 2, 9, 10 & 12 as required under Regulation 36 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended (‘Listing Regulations’) and 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (‘SS-2’) issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and notified 
by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Govt. of India in respect 
of the Directors seeking re-appointment / appointment 
at this 5 th Annual General Meeting is annexed hereto as 
‘Annexure VII’.
2. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’), vide its General 
Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, General Circular 
No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, General Circular No. 
20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, read with all the subsequent 
circulars issued in this regard, the latest being General 
Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 (‘MCA 
Circulars’) and the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (‘SEBI’) vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-
PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024 and other 
applicable circulars (‘SEBI Circulars’), read with Regulation 
36 of the Listing Regulations, have allowed the Companies 
to conduct the AGM through Video Conferencing (‘VC’) or 
through Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’), which does 
not require physical presence of Members at a common 
venue. The deemed venue for the 5 th AGM shall be the 
registered office of the Company at 104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund West, Mumbai- 
400080. Accordingly, the AGM of the Company is being 
held through VC/OAVM, and the transcript of the same 
shall be made available on the website of the Company. 
Hence, Members can attend and participate in the AGM 
through VC/OAVM only. National Securities Depositories 
Limited (‘NSDL’) will be providing facility for voting 
through remote e-voting, for participation in the AGM 
through VC/ OAVM facility and e-voting during the AGM. 
The detailed procedure for participating in the Meeting 
through VC/ OAVM forms part of these Notes sections. 
(Refer Serial No. 16 to 20 of these Notes).
3. As the AGM shall be conducted through VC/OAVM, where 
physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with, 
there is no requirement of proxies and hence, the facility 
to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote on behalf of the 
Members is not available for this AGM and the Proxy Form 
and Attendance Slip including Route Map are not annexed 
to this Notice. However, Bodies Corporate are entitled to 
appoint authorised representatives to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM and participate thereat and cast their 
votes through e-Voting. Corporate Member(s) intending to 
authorise their representatives to participate and vote at 
the meeting are requested to send a certified copy of the 
Board resolution/ authorisation letter to the Scrutinizer 
by sending an e-mail to jpc@mehta-mehta.in with a copy 
marked to evoting@nsdl.com.
4. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name appears as 
the first holder in the order of names as per the Register of 
Members of the Company will be entitled to vote.
5. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised 
to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any 
change in address or demise of any Member as soon as 
possible. Members are also advised not to leave their 
demat account(s) dormant for long. Periodic statement 
of holdings should be obtained from the concerned 
Depository Participant and holdings should be verified 
from time to time.
6. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, 
pertaining to their name, postal address, email address, 
telephone/mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number 
(‘PAN’), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank 
details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank 
account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc. by following 
the below instructions:
 a. For shares held in electronic form: to their Depository 
Participants (‘DPs’); and 
 b. For shares held in physical form:  submit Form ISR-1 
and other forms as prescribed by SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 
dated 16 th March, 2023 to the Company by sending 
an email to the Company’s RTA at rnt.helpdesk@
in.mpms.mufg.com , with a copy marked to investor@
valiantlabs.in. 
7. Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 
dated 25 th January, 2022 has mandated the Listed 
Companies to issue securities in dematerialized form only 
while processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate 
securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense 
account; renewal/exchange of securities certificate; 
endorsement; sub-division/splitting of securities certificate; 
consolidation of securities certificates/folios; transmission 
and transposition. Accordingly, Members are requested 
to make service requests by submitting a duly filled and 
signed Form ISR – 4, the format of which is available on 
the Company’s website at https://www.valiantlabs.in/
downloads and on the website of the Company’s RTA, 
M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited at https://web.
in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html 
 It may be noted that any service request can be processed 
only after the folio is KYC Compliant.
8. Members are requested to send all communications relating 
to shares to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the 
Company at the following address: 
 MUFG Intime India Private Limited
 C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 
– 400083.
Annual Report 2025-26
194


===== PAGE 186 =====
9. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility 
for making nomination is available for the Members in 
respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not 
yet registered their nomination are requested to register the 
same by submitting Form No. SH-13. If a Member desires to 
opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh 
nomination, he/she may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or 
SH-14 as the case may be. The said forms can be downloaded 
from the Company’s website at https://www.valiantlabs.
in/downloads or from the website of the Company’s RTA, 
M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited at https://web.
in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html. Members are 
requested to submit the said details to their DP in case the 
shares are held by them in dematerialized form and to RTA 
in case the shares are held in physical form.
10. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, Members who have not 
registered their e-mail addresses are requested to register 
their e-mail address for receiving all communication 
including Annual Report, Notices, Circulars, etc. from the 
Company electronically.
11. SEBI vide Circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/ 
CIR/2023/131 dated 31 st July, 2023 (updated as on 4 th 
August, 2023) has specified that a Member shall first take 
up his/her/their grievance with the listed entity by lodging 
a complaint directly with the concerned listed entity and 
if the grievance is not redressed satisfactorily, the Member 
may, in accordance with the SCORES guidelines, escalate 
the same through the SCORES Portal in accordance with the 
process laid out therein. Only after exhausting all available 
options for resolution of the grievance, if the member is not 
satisfied with the outcome, he/she/ they can initiate dispute 
resolution through the Online Dispute Resolution (“ODR”) 
Portal. Members are requested to take note of the same. 
PROCEDURE FOR INSPECTION OF DOCUMENTS: 
12. The Annual Report for the financial year 2025-2026, the 
Notice of the 5th AGM and all documents referred to in the 
Notice and the Explanatory Statement will be available for 
inspection on the ‘Investor’ segment on the website of the 
Company www.valiantlabs.in.
13. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 of 
the Act, Register of Contracts and Arrangements in which 
Directors are interested maintained under Section 189 of 
the Act, and the altered Memorandum of Association shall 
be made available at the commencement of the meeting 
and shall remain open and accessible to the Members 
during the continuance of the 5 th AGM. During the AGM, 
Members may access the scanned copy of these documents, 
upon Logging into NSDL e-Voting system at https://www.
evoting.nsdl.com/ or by sending an email to the Company 
at investor@valiantlabs.in.
ELECTRONIC DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT AND 
PROCESS FOR REGISTRATION OF EMAIL ID FOR 
OBTAINING COPY OF ANNUAL REPORT: 
14. Pursuant to the MCA and SEBI Circulars, Notice of the 
AGM along with the Annual Report for financial year 
2025-26 is being sent only through electronic mode to 
those Members whose email addresses are registered with 
the Company/ Depositories. Additionally, in accordance 
with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, the 
Company is also sending a letter to Members whose e-mail 
ids are not registered with Company/RTA/Depository 
Participant providing the weblink of Company’s website 
from where the Annual Report for financial year 2025-26 
can be accessed. 
15. Members may note that the Notice of the 5 th AGM and 
the Annual Report 2025-26 are also available on the 
Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in , website of the 
Stock exchanges i.e. BSE Limited: www.bseindia.com and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited: www.nseindia.
com .The AGM Notice is also disseminated on the website 
of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.
PROCEDURE FOR JOINING THE AGM THROUGH VC 
/ OAVM: 
16. Members are requested to join the AGM through VC/ 
OAVM mode latest by 11:15 A.M. IST by clicking on the link 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ under Members login tab 
using the remote e-voting credentials and following the 
procedures mentioned later in these Notes. 
17. The facility of attending the AGM will be made available to 
1,000 Members on a first-come-first-served basis. This will 
not include large Members (Members holding 2% or more 
shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. 
who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on 
account of first come first served basis.
18. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through 
VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning 
the quorum under Section 103 of the Act. 
19. Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote at 
the AGM through VC/OAVM. 
PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING 
DURING THE AGM: 
20. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Act, Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended 
and Regulation 44 of SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company 
is pleased to provide the facility to Members to exercise their 
right to vote on the resolutions proposed to be passed at AGM 
by electronic means. For this purpose, the Company has 
made an arrangement with National Securities Depository 
Limited (‘NSDL’) for facilitating voting through electronic 
means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting 
votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as 
e-voting during the AGM will be provided by NSDL.
21.  The Members, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members / list of Beneficial Owners as on Monday, 
September 21, 2026, being the cut-off date, are entitled to 
vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. A person 
who is not a Member as on the cut-off date should treat this 
Notice of AGM for informational purpose only. 
195
Notice

===== PAGE 187 =====
22. Members may cast their votes on electronic voting system 
from any place (remote e-voting). The remote e-voting 
period will commence at 9.00 a.m. IST on Friday, 
September 25, 2026 and will end at 5.00 p.m. IST on 
Sunday, September 27, 2026. In addition, the facility for 
voting through electronic voting system shall also be made 
available during the AGM. Members holding shares in 
physical form are requested to access the remote e-voting 
facility provided by the Company through NSDL e-voting 
system at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON 
THE DAY OF THE AGM
23.  The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same 
as the instructions mentioned below for remote e-voting. 
24.  Only those members/ shareholders, who will be present in 
the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted 
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and 
are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to 
vote through e-Voting system in the AGM. 
25. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will 
be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM. 
26.  The details of the person who may be contacted for any 
grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the 
day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for 
remote e-Voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING 
THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM
27. Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. 
Members may access by following the steps mentioned 
above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful 
login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under 
“Join meeting” menu against company name. You are 
requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join 
Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in 
Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company 
will be displayed. Please note that the members who do 
not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have 
forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same 
by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in 
the notice to avoid last minute rush.
28. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through 
Laptops for better experience.
29. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and 
use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting.
30. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile 
Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due 
to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
PROCEDURE TO RAISE QUESTIONS / SEEK 
CLARIFICATIONS WITH RESPECT TO ANNUAL REPORT 
31. Members who would like to express any views, or, during 
the AGM ask questions may do so in advance by sending in 
writing their views or questions, as may be, along with their 
name, DP ID and Client ID number/folio number, email ID, 
mobile number, to reach the Company’s email address at 
investor@valiantlabs.in latest by Monday, September 21, 
2026 by 05:00 P.M. IST.
32. Those members who have registered themselves as a 
speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask 
questions during the meeting. 
33.  When a pre-registered speaker is invited to speak at the 
meeting but he / she does not respond, the next speaker will 
be invited to speak. Accordingly, all speakers are requested 
to get connected to a device with a video/ camera along 
with good & stable internet speed. 
34. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number 
of questions/speakers, as appropriate for smooth 
conduct of the AGM.
PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING 
35. The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting 
are explained herein below: 
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system 
consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting 
for Individual members holding securities in demat mode
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed 
to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their 
demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Annual Report 2025-26
196


===== PAGE 188 =====
 Login method for Individual members holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL.
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile 
number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.
com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on 
the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’  section , 
this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click 
on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://
eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.
nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your 
User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting 
& voting during the meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by 
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing 
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any 
further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your 
existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for 
eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on 
registration option.
197
Notice

===== PAGE 189 =====
Type of shareholders  Login Method
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account 
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. 
The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as 
recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system 
of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
depository participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be 
able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting.
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website. 
 Helpdesk for Individual Members holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending 
a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
 2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
 3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen.
  Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/  with your 
existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
 4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical  Your User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares 
in demat account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares 
in demat account with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001***
Annual Report 2025-26
198


===== PAGE 190 =====
 5. Password details for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders are given below: 
  a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then 
you can user your existing password to login and 
cast your vote.
  b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the 
first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. 
Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the 
system will force you to change your password.
  c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
   (i) If your email ID is registered in your demat 
account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your 
email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email 
and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. 
Open the .pdf file. The password to open 
the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for 
NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for 
CDSL account or folio number for shares 
held in physical form. The .pdf file contains 
your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
   (ii) If your email ID is not registered, please 
follow steps mentioned below in process 
for those shareholders whose email ids are 
not registered. 
 6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the 
“Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
  a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If 
you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.
evoting.nsdl.com. 
  b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are 
holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
  c) If you are still unable to get the password by 
aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat 
account number/folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc.
  d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time 
Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL.
 7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms 
and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
 8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of 
e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General 
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the 
companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and 
whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2.  Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting 
your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual 
meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed 
under “Join Meeting”. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4.  Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent 
or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which 
you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” 
will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print option on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not 
be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for members 
1. Institutional members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG 
Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter 
etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer 
by e-mail to jpc@mehta-mehta.in with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional members (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by 
clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” 
displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will 
be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the 
correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical 
User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting. 
nsdl.com to reset the password. 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (FAQs) for Members and e-voting user manual 
for Members available at the download section of www.
evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com
Process for those members whose email ids are not 
registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice:
a) In case shares are held in physical mode please provide 
Folio No., Name of the member, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned 
199
Notice

===== PAGE 191 =====
copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy 
of Aadhar Card) by email to investor@valiantlabs.in.
b) In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide 
DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account 
statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
investor@valiantlabs.in If you are an Individual members 
holding securities in demat mode, you are requested 
to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. 
Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for 
Individual members holding securities in demat mode. 
c) Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to 
evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for 
e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
d) In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual members 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories 
and Depository Participants. Members are required to 
update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
OTHER NOTES:
1. Members are requested to: 
 a. intimate any change in their addresses/mandates 
and address all their queries relating to shares of the 
Company to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents 
i.e. M/s MUFG Intime India Private Limited, for 
shares held in physical form.
 b. quote Client ID and DP ID in respect of shares held in 
dematerialized form and ledger folio number in respect 
of shares held in physical form in all the correspondence. 
 c. make nomination in respect of the shares held in 
physical form in the Company. The Nomination 
Form as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs can be obtained from the Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agents of the Company. Members holding 
shares in electronic form are requested to contact 
their Depository Participant directly for recording 
their nomination.
2. Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform 
the RTA: 
 a. the change in residential status on return to India for 
permanent settlement; and 
 b. the particulars of the bank account(s) maintained in 
India with complete name, branch, account type, 
account number and address of the bank, if not 
furnished earlier. 
3. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes a Member of the Company after dispatch of 
the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date, may 
obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com.
4. M/s. Mehta and Mehta, Company Secretaries has been 
appointed as the Scrutinizer by the Board of Directors of 
the Company to scrutinize the e-voting process in a fair 
and transparent manner. CS Monali Bhandari, Partner of 
M/s Mehta & Mehta, Company Secretaries will represent 
M/s. Mehta & Mehta, Company Secretaries.
5. Members are requested to note that SEBI vide its circular 
dated May 30, 2022, have framed standard (SOP) for 
resolving investor grievances through arbitration 
mechanism. Link of the SEBI circular is a follows:
 https://www.sebi.gov.in/legal/circulars/may-2022/
standard-operating-procedures-sop-for-dispute-
resolution-under-the-stock-exchange-arbitration-
mechanism-for-disputes-between-a-listed-company-
and-or-registrars-to-an-issue-and-share-transfer-
agents-_59345.html 
Annual Report 2025-26
200


===== PAGE 192 =====
Item No. 3: Ratification of remuneration to the Cost 
Auditors for the Financial Year 2026-27.
Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
read with Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, the 
Company is required to have its cost records audited and, in this 
regard, to appoint a Cost Auditor to audit the cost records for the 
applicable products of the Company.
The Board at its meeting held on May 14, 2026, based on the 
recommendation of the Audit Committee, considered and 
approved the appointment of M/s. Ketki D. Visariya & Co., 
Cost Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 000362), as the 
Cost Auditors for the Financial Year 2026-27 at a remuneration 
of Rs. 45,000/- (Rupees Forty-Five Thousand Only) per annum, 
plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket 
expenses as may be incurred by them during the course of the 
audit. Ms. Ketki D. Visariya has confirmed her eligibility for 
appointment as Cost Auditor.
As per Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors shall require 
subsequent ratification by the members.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company, or their relatives, is concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the said resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth in 
Item No. 3 for approval of the members.
Item No. 4: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) with Valiant Organics Limited.
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity who has a consolidated turnover of 
up to H20,000 Crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”) is considered a related party 
of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“VLL”) as defined under 
Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations. VLL is an Active 
Pharmaceutical Ingredient / Bulk Drug (“API”) manufacturing 
company with a focus on the manufacture of Paracetamol. 
VOL is in the business of manufacturing and distribution of 
Speciality Chemical Products to its customers which includes VLL.
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions 
of VLL with VOL, which would be in the ordinary course of 
business and at arm’s length basis for which the necessary 
approvals are required in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions with VOL for 
an aggregate value up to Rs. 466 Crore (Rupees Four Hundred 
and Sixty-Six Crore Only) from the conclusion of the 5 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company until the conclusion of the 6 th 
Annual General Meeting of the Company, which exceeds the 
materiality threshold prescribed under the Listing Regulations. 
Details of the proposed transactions with VOL, being a related 
party of the Company, along with the minimum information 
as required under Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/93 dated June 
26, 2025 (Industry Standards on Minimum information to be 
provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval 
of Related Party Transactions) are given under Annexure-II 
which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-II. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 4 for approval of the members. 
Annexure-I
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013
201
Notice

===== PAGE 193 =====
Item No. 5: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) with Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity, in the case of a listed entity having 
an annual consolidated turnover of up to H20,000 crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (“APL”) is considered a related party of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL) as defined under Regulation 
2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations. Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(“VLL”) is an Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient / Bulk Drug 
(“API”) manufacturing company with a focus on the manufacture 
of Paracetamol. 
APL is engaged in the development of Active Pharmaceutical 
Ingredients (API) and New Chemical Entities (NCE), API 
intermediates, Regulatory Starting Materials (RSM), Basic Starting 
Materials, Key Building Blocks, and Xanthine Derivatives for use 
in clinical testing and commercial production.
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions of VLL 
with APL, which would be in the ordinary course of business and at 
arm’s length basis for which the necessary approvals are required in 
compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and the Listing Regulations. These approvals have been obtained 
from the Audit Committee at its meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions with APL 
for an aggregate value of up to Rs. 45 Crore (Rupees Forty-
Five Crore Only) from the conclusion of the 5 th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company, which exceeds the materiality 
threshold prescribed under the Listing Regulations. 
Details of the proposed transactions with APL, being a related 
party of the Company, along with the minimum information 
as required under Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/93 dated June 
26, 2025 (Industry Standards on Minimum information to be 
provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval 
of Related Party Transactions) are given under Annexure-III 
which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-III. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 5 for approval of the members.
Item No. 6: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) between Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited and Valiant Organics Limited.
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity, in the case of a listed entity having 
an annual consolidated turnover of up to H20,000 crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL). Also, 
VASPL is a related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Valiant Organics Limited (VOL) is also a related party of VLL 
as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations. 
Further, the transaction proposed to be entered into between the 
two companies will amount to a related party transaction, which 
shall have the same meaning as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zc) of the Listing Regulations.
Annual Report 2025-26
202


===== PAGE 194 =====
Pursuant to Regulation 23(2)(b) of the Listing Regulations, prior 
approval of the Audit Committee of the listed entity is required 
for a related party transaction exceeding H1 crore, where a 
subsidiary of the listed entity is a party but the listed entity is 
not a party, if the value of such transaction, whether entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds the lower of (i) 10% of the annual 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary as per its last audited 
financial statements, or (ii) the threshold for Material Related 
Party Transactions of the listed entity as specified in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations. 
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions 
of VASPL with VOL, which would be in the ordinary course 
of business and at arm’s length basis for which the necessary 
approvals are required in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions between 
VASPL and VOL for an aggregate value of up to Rs. 117 Crore 
(Rupees One Hundred and Seventeen Crore Only) during the 
period from the conclusion of the 5 th Annual General Meeting 
of the Company until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company, which exceeds the materiality threshold 
prescribed under the Listing Regulations. 
Since the value of the proposed transactions exceeds the 
materiality threshold specified for the Company in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations, the proposed transactions constitute 
material related party transactions and, in terms of Regulation 
23(4) of the Listing Regulations, require the prior approval of the 
members of the Company, notwithstanding that the Company is 
not a party thereto.
Details of the proposed transactions between VASPL and VOL, 
both being the related parties of the Company, along with the 
minimum information as required under Listing Regulations 
read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/
CIR/2025/93 dated June 26, 2025 (Industry Standards on 
Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee 
and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions) are 
given under Annexure-IV which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-IV. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 6 for approval of the members.
Item No. 7: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) between Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited and Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity, in the case of a listed entity having 
an annual consolidated turnover of up to H20,000 crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL). Also, 
VASPL is a related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (APL) is also a related party of VLL 
as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations. 
Further, the transaction proposed to be entered into between the 
two companies will amount to a related party transaction, which 
shall have the same meaning as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zc) of the Listing Regulations.
Pursuant to Regulation 23(2)(b) of the Listing Regulations, prior 
approval of the Audit Committee of the listed entity is required 
for a related party transaction exceeding H1 crore, where a 
subsidiary of the listed entity is a party but the listed entity is 
not a party, if the value of such transaction, whether entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds the lower of (i) 10% of the annual 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary as per its last audited 
financial statements, or (ii) the threshold for Material Related 
Party Transactions of the listed entity as specified in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations. 
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions 
of VASPL with APL, which would be in the ordinary course 
of business and at arm’s length basis for which the necessary 
approvals are required in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Listing Regulations. These 
203
Notice

===== PAGE 195 =====
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions between 
VASPL and APL for an aggregate value of up to Rs. 187 Crore 
(Rupees One Hundred and Eighty-Seven Crore Only) from the 
conclusion of the 5 th Annual General Meeting of the Company 
until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual General Meeting of the 
Company, which exceeds the materiality threshold prescribed 
under the Listing Regulations. 
Since the value of the proposed transactions exceeds the 
materiality threshold specified for the Company in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations, the proposed transactions constitute 
material related party transactions and, in terms of Regulation 
23(4) of the Listing Regulations, require the prior approval of the 
members of the Company, notwithstanding that the Company is 
not a party thereto.
Details of the proposed transactions between VASPL and APL, 
both being the related parties of the Company, along with the 
minimum information as required under Listing Regulations 
read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/
CIR/2025/93 dated June 26, 2025 (Industry Standards on 
Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee 
and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions) are 
given under Annexure-V which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-V. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 7 for approval of the members.
Item No. 8: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) between Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited and Alchemie Speciality Chemicals 
Private Limited:
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity, in the case of a listed entity having 
an annual consolidated turnover of up to H20,000 crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL). Also, 
VASPL is a related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Limited (ASCPL) is also a 
related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the 
Listing Regulations. 
ASCPL is a manufacturer and dealer, which possess a diverse 
portfolio of fine chemicals, industrial and pure chemicals, dyes 
and pigments intermediates, and allied products.
 Further, the transaction proposed to be entered into between the 
two companies will amount to a related party transaction, which 
shall have the same meaning as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zc) of the Listing Regulations.
Pursuant to Regulation 23(2)(b) of the Listing Regulations, prior 
approval of the Audit Committee of the listed entity is required 
for a related party transaction exceeding H1 crore, where a 
subsidiary of the listed entity is a party but the listed entity is 
not a party, if the value of such transaction, whether entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds the lower of (i) 10% of the annual 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary as per its last audited 
financial statements, or (ii) the threshold for Material Related 
Party Transactions of the listed entity as specified in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations. 
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions of 
VASPL with ASCPL, which would be in the ordinary course 
of business and at arm’s length basis for which the necessary 
approvals are required in compliance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions between 
VASPL and ASCPL for an aggregate value of up to Rs. 59 
Crore (Rupees Fifty-Nine Crore Only) from the conclusion 
of the 5 th Annual General Meeting of the Company until the 
conclusion of the 6 th Annual General Meeting of the Company, 
which exceeds the materiality threshold prescribed under the 
Listing Regulations. 
Annual Report 2025-26
204


===== PAGE 196 =====
Since the value of the proposed transactions exceeds the 
materiality threshold specified for the Company in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations, the proposed transactions constitute 
material related party transactions and, in terms of Regulation 
23(4) of the Listing Regulations, require the prior approval of the 
members of the Company, notwithstanding that the Company is 
not a party thereto.
Details of the proposed transactions between VASPL and 
ASCPL, both being the related parties of the Company, along 
with the minimum information as required under Listing 
Regulations read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-
PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/93 dated June 26, 2025 (Industry Standards 
on Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee 
and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions) are 
given under Annexure-VI which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-VI. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 8 for approval of the members.
Item No. 9: Re-appointment of Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 
07633923) as Managing Director of the Company for a 
period of 5 years and to fix his remuneration:
Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 07633923) is presently serving as the 
Managing Director of the Company. He was appointed as 
Managing Director of the Company with effect from February 
06, 2022 for a period of five (5) years and his current term is due 
to expire on February 05, 2027.
Mr. Santosh Vora, being a Managing Director and Promoter, 
is actively involved in the day-to-day affairs of the Company. 
He looks after overall management of the company and plays 
a key role in the various growth initiatives of the company. 
He specializes in development of new products and getting 
new chemistries in the company. He also looks after process 
optimization. In addition to the technical acumen, he possesses 
a key understanding of financial and commercial aspects of 
pharma and chemical industry. He holds a bachelor’s degree 
in commerce with specialization in Financial Markets from 
University of Mumbai and has also completed the Post Graduate 
Programme in Management for Family Business from The Indian 
School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad. He has over eight (8) years 
of experience in the chemical and pharmaceutical industry.
Considering his experience, expertise, leadership capabilities 
and valuable contribution to the growth and operations of the 
Company, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
the Board of Directors, at their respective meetings held on 
August 10, 2026, recommended and approved, subject to the 
approval of the Members, the re-appointment of Mr. Santosh 
Vora as Managing Director of the Company for a further period 
of five (5) years with effect from February 06, 2027 to February 05, 
2032 (both days inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation.
The details of Mr. Santosh Vora, in pursuance of Regulation 36 
of the Listing Regulations and the information pursuant to the 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2), are given in 
Annexure VII to the Notice.
Further, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the 
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, at their respective 
meetings held on August 10, 2026, considered the revision of 
his remuneration structure in accordance with the provisions of 
Sections 197 and 198 read with Schedule V to the Act, and it was 
decided to revise his remuneration as “Managing Director” with 
effect from February 06, 2027 to February 05, 2030 (both days 
inclusive) as per the following terms and conditions: 
A. Period of Appointment as a Managing Director:
 February 06, 2027 to February 05, 2032;
B. Period for which remuneration is proposed to be paid:
 February 06, 2027 to February 05, 2030;
C. Remuneration:
 i. Fixed Salary: Rs. 32,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty-Two  
  Lakhs Only) per annum;
 ii. Commission: 0.5% of the annual consolidated net 
profits of the Company (calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013); and
 iii. Perquisites and Other Benefits: As per the policy 
of the Company (e.g. medical, leave travel, vehicle, 
insurance, provident fund, gratuity, etc.);
Minimum Remuneration under Schedule V:
In any financial year during the aforesaid period, if the Company 
has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company shall 
pay to Mr. Santosh Vora the aforesaid remuneration as minimum 
remuneration in accordance with Section II of Part II of Schedule 
V to the Companies Act, 2013, subject to such approvals, consents 
and compliances as may be required under the Companies Act, 
2013 and applicable laws from time to time. 
The information as required under Schedule V to the Act is 
provided in Annexure VIII to the Notice.
The Company has received a notice in writing pursuant to Section 
160 of the Act from a Member proposing the candidature of 
Mr. Santosh Vora for his re-appointment as a Managing Director.
205
Notice

===== PAGE 197 =====
The above may be treated as a written memorandum setting out 
the terms of re-appointment of Mr. Santosh Vora as Managing 
Director under Section 190 of the Act.
Mr. Santosh Vora satisfies all the conditions specified in Part I of 
Schedule V to the Act and the conditions specified under Section 
196(3) of the Act for his re-appointment as Managing Director. 
He is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in 
terms of Section 164 of the Act and has furnished all necessary 
declarations, confirmations and consent required under the 
applicable provisions of law. Further, Mr. Santosh Vora is not 
debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of any 
order passed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India or 
any other authority.
Further, in terms of Regulation 17(6)(e) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
fees or compensation payable to an executive director who is a 
promoter or a member of the promoter group is subject to the 
approval of the Members by way of a special resolution where 
(i) the annual remuneration payable to such executive director 
exceeds H5 crore or 2.5% of the net profits of the Company, 
whichever is higher; or (ii) where there is more than one such 
director, the aggregate annual remuneration payable to all 
such directors exceeds 5% of the net profits of the Company. 
Mr. Santosh Vora is a Promoter of the Company and Mr. Paresh 
Shah, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer, is a 
member of the Promoter Group. Accordingly, the approval of the 
Members is being sought by way of a Special Resolution.
Except Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Shantilal Vora and their 
respective relatives, none of the other Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, is in 
any way, financially or otherwise, concerned or interested in this 
resolution, except to the extent of their respective shareholdings 
in the Company.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No. 9 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Item No. 10: Re-appointment of Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 
09505883) as an Independent Director for a second 
term of five (5) consecutive years:
Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 09505883) was appointed as an Independent 
Director of the Company by the Members for a period of five 
(5) consecutive years commencing from February 16, 2022 up 
to February 15, 2027 (both days inclusive) and is eligible for re-
appointment for a second term on the Board of the Company.
Mrs. Sonal Vira is currently an Independent Director of the 
Company and Member of various Committees of the Board. 
She has over 14 years of experience in corporate banking and 
financial services and possesses expertise in financial analysis, 
credit evaluation, relationship management and business 
development. Her professional experience and financial acumen 
provide valuable guidance to the Board and its Committees in 
discharging their responsibilities effectively.
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), the Board of Directors 
at its meeting held on August 10, 2026, recommended the re-
appointment of Mrs. Sonal Vira as an Independent Director of 
the Company for a second term of five (5) consecutive years 
commencing from February 16, 2027 up to February 15, 2032 
(both days inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation, for the 
approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution.
The NRC, after taking into consideration the skills, expertise 
and competencies required on the Board in the context of the 
Company's business and operations and based on the outcome 
of the performance evaluation, concluded that Mrs. Sonal Vira 
continues to possess the qualifications, experience, knowledge 
and expertise required for the role of an Independent Director 
and accordingly recommended her re-appointment for a 
second term. Based on the recommendation of the NRC and the 
performance evaluation carried out, the Board is satisfied that 
Mrs. Sonal Vira possesses the requisite integrity, experience, 
expertise and proficiency and continues to fulfil the conditions 
specified under the Companies Act 2013 (the “Act”) and the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). The Board is of the view that 
her continued association would be beneficial to the Company.
The Company has received a declaration from Mrs. Sonal Vira 
confirming that she continues to meet the criteria of independence 
as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act read with the 
Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations.
In the opinion of the Board, Mrs. Sonal Vira fulfils the conditions 
specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations for her re-
appointment as an Independent Director of the Company and 
she is independent of the management of the Company.
In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
Mrs. Sonal Vira has confirmed that she is not aware of any 
circumstance or situation which exists or may reasonably be 
anticipated that could impair or impact her ability to discharge 
her duties. She has also confirmed that she is not debarred from 
holding the office of Director by virtue of any order passed by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other authority.
Further, Mrs. Sonal Vira has confirmed that she is not disqualified 
from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the 
Act and has given her consent to act as a Director. She has also 
confirmed compliance with the provisions relating to registration 
with the Independent Directors' Databank maintained by the 
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, as applicable. The Company 
has received a notice in writing pursuant to Section 160 of the Act 
from a Member proposing the candidature of Mrs. Sonal Vira for 
her re-appointment to the office of Independent Director.
In compliance with the provisions of Sections 149, 150 and 152 
read with Schedule IV to the Act, Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and other applicable provisions, the re-appointment 
of Mrs. Sonal Vira as an Independent Director is being placed 
before the Members for approval by way of a Special Resolution.
The details of Mrs. Sonal Vira in pursuance of Regulation 36 of the 
Listing Regulations and Information pursuant to the Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) are given in Annexure 
VII to the Notice.
Except Mrs. Sonal Vira and her relatives, none of the Directors or 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, is 
Annual Report 2025-26
206


===== PAGE 198 =====
in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in 
the resolution set out at Item No. 10 of the Notice.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No. 10 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Item No. 11: Revision in remuneration of Mr. Paresh 
Shah (DIN: 08291953), Whole-Time Director and 
Chief Financial Officer:
The Members of the Company at the 4th Annual General Meeting 
held on September 25, 2025 had approved the appointment of 
Mr. Paresh Shah (DIN: 08291953) as Whole-Time Director of 
the Company and approved the remuneration of H15,00,000/- 
(Rupees Fifteen Lakhs only) per annum with effect from 
April 01, 2025.
Mr. Paresh Shah, being a Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company and member of the Promoter Group, 
is actively involved in the day-to-day operations and financial 
affairs of the Company. His decision-making acumen has 
consistently demonstrated strategic foresight and leadership 
capabilities, establishing him as a vital part of the Company’s 
core leadership team. 
Mr. Paresh Shah is a Chemical Engineer who holds a bachelor’s 
degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Bombay. 
He has also been awarded a Master of Science in Chemical 
Engineering from Washington State University in 1983. He has 
35+ years of experience in the chemical industry. He oversees 
the factory operations and legal matters of the Company and 
is responsible for financial activities, including budgeting and 
forecasting, working capital management, and project financing.
Considering the above factors and the role, experience, 
leadership and contribution of Mr. Paresh Shah, the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee, the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors, at their respective meetings held on August 
10, 2026, considered the revision of his remuneration structure 
in accordance with the provisions of Sections 197 and 198 read 
with Schedule V to the Act, and it was decided to revise his 
remuneration as “Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial 
Officer” for a period of three (3) years commencing from April 01, 
2026 to March 31, 2029, as per the following terms and conditions: 
Remuneration
i. Period: From April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2029; 
ii. Fixed Salary: H20,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Lakhs 
Only) per annum;
iii. Commission: 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits 
of the Company (calculated as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013);
iv. Perquisites and Other Benefits: As per the policy of the 
Company (e.g. medical, leave travel, vehicle, insurance, 
provident fund, gratuity, etc.); and
Minimum Remuneration under Schedule V
In any financial year during the aforesaid period, if the Company 
has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company shall 
pay to Mr. Paresh Shah the aforesaid remuneration as minimum 
remuneration in accordance with Section II of Part II of Schedule 
V to the Companies Act, 2013, subject to such approvals, consents 
and compliances as may be required under the Companies Act, 
2013 and applicable laws from time to time. 
The information as required under Schedule V to the Act is 
provided in Annexure VIII to the Notice.
The revised remuneration payable to Mr. Paresh Shah is 
considered appropriate having regard to his role, responsibilities, 
experience and contribution to the affairs of the Company.
For the reasons set out under Item No. 9 of this Explanatory 
Statement, the approval of the Members is also required by way 
of a Special Resolution in terms of Regulation 17(6)(e) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, Mr. Paresh Shah being a member of the Promoter Group 
of the Company.
The above may be treated as a written memorandum setting 
out the terms of remuneration of Mr. Paresh Shah pursuant to 
Section 190 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Except Mr. Paresh Shah and his relatives, none of the Directors 
or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, 
is in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in 
the resolution set out at Item No. 11 of the Notice.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set 
out at Item No. 11 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Item No. 12: Approval for Continuation of 
Directorship of Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852) 
as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the 
Company, upon attaining 75 years of age
Pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, no listed entity 
shall appoint or continue the directorship of any person as a 
Non-Executive Director who has attained the age of seventy-five 
(75) years unless a Special Resolution is passed to that effect and 
the explanatory statement annexed to the Notice indicates the 
justification for such appointment or continuation.
Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852), Non-Executive Non-
Independent Director of the Company, will attain the age of 
seventy-five (75) years on November 05, 2027. Accordingly, 
approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution is being 
sought for continuation of his directorship upon attaining the age 
of seventy-five (75) years.
Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852) is a Non-Executive Director 
of the Company and has over 45 years of rich experience in the 
chemical and pharmaceutical industry. He possesses extensive 
expertise in business development, sales and marketing of 
bulk drugs and has played a significant role in the growth and 
expansion of the Company's business over the years. His key 
areas of expertise include developing new markets and customer 
relationships, identifying business opportunities, handling 
commercial functions encompassing procurement, domestic 
sales and exports and driving strategic business initiatives. He 
has been instrumental in expanding the Company's market 
207
Notice

===== PAGE 199 =====
presence and establishing long-term customer relationships 
across various business segments.
Considering his extensive industry experience, business acumen, 
deep understanding of the Company's operations and valuable 
contribution to the growth and development of the Company, 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of 
Directors at their respective meetings held on August 10, 2026, 
recommended the continuation of his directorship as a Non-
Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company upon 
attaining the age of seventy-five (75) years.
Accordingly, pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, approval of the Members is sought by way of a 
Special Resolution for the continuation of the directorship of 
Mr. Shantilal Vora as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director 
of the Company with effect from November 05, 2027, being the 
date on which he attains the age of seventy-five (75) years.
Mr. Shantilal Vora has confirmed that he is not disqualified from 
acting as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and is not debarred from holding the office of Director by 
virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other authority.
The details of Mr. Shantilal Vora in pursuance of Regulation 
36 of the Listing Regulations and Information pursuant to the 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) are given in 
Annexure VII to the Notice.
Except Mr. Shantilal Vora and Mr. Santosh Vora and their 
respective relatives, none of the other Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, is in 
any way, financially or otherwise, concerned or interested in this 
resolution, except to the extent of their respective shareholdings 
in the Company.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No. 12 of the Notice for approval by the Members of the Company.
Item No. 13 to 17:
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to the Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Directors) of the Company.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee, at their respective meetings held on August 10, 2026, 
considered and recommended, and the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on August 10, 2026, approved, subject 
to the approval of the Members of the Company, the payment of remuneration by way of commission to the Non-Executive Directors 
(including Independent Directors) named below, for the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027, at the respective rates set out 
below, computed on the annual consolidated net profits of the Company calculated in accordance with Section 198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”):
Item 
No. Name of the Director (DIN) Capacity in which remuneration is  
proposed to be paid
Rate of commission (% of the annual 
consolidated net profits computed 
under Section 198 of the Act)
1 Mr. Shantilal Vora 
(DIN: 07633852)
Non-Executive Director 0.5%
2 Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
(DIN: 09245060)
Non-Executive Director 0.5%
3 Mr. Mulesh Savla 
(DIN: 07474847)
Independent Director 0.5%
4 Mrs. Sonal Vira 
(DIN: 09505883)
Independent Director 0.25%
5 Mr. Ashok Chheda 
(DIN: 10776571)
Independent Director 0.25%
The aforesaid commission shall be payable in addition to the 
sitting fees payable to the respective Directors for attending the 
meetings of the Board of Directors and/or its Committees.
Brief profile of the Directors:
Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852) transitioned from the role of 
Executive Director to Non-Executive Director of the Company 
with effect from February 06, 2022. In his capacity as a Non-
Executive Director, he continues to provide strategic guidance 
and mentorship to the leadership team. With over 45 years of 
experience in the chemical and pharmaceutical industry, he has 
played a pivotal role in expanding the Company’s market reach 
and customer base. His expertise lies in the sales and marketing 
of bulk drugs, and he brings valuable insights into managing 
commercial functions, including procurement, domestic 
sales and exports.
Mr. Sandeep Gupta (DIN: 09245060) is a Chemical Engineer 
with a Master’s degree in Polymer Science from Lehigh 
University, USA, and has more than 25 years of experience in the 
chemical industry. His experience spans business development, 
operational excellence, statutory compliances, engineering 
and market research. He continues to provide valuable 
insights and strategic guidance to the Board in discharging its 
responsibilities effectively.
Annual Report 2025-26
208


===== PAGE 200 =====
Mr. Mulesh Savla (DIN: 07474847) is a Commerce Graduate from 
the University of Mumbai and a Chartered Accountant from the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, with more than 35 
years of extensive experience in the fields of taxation, auditing, 
accounts and finance, and structuring and restructuring of 
business entities. He serves on various Committees of the 
Company and continues to provide valuable guidance, an 
independent perspective and strategic inputs to the Board in 
discharging its responsibilities effectively.
Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 09505883) has over 14 years of experience in 
corporate banking and financial services and possesses expertise 
in financial analysis, credit evaluation, relationship management 
and business development. She serves on various Committees of 
the Board, and her professional experience and financial acumen 
enable her to provide valuable insights and guidance to the 
Board and its Committees in matters relating to governance, risk 
management and strategic decision-making.
Mr. Ashok Chheda (DIN: 10776571) is a Commerce Graduate 
from the University of Mumbai and a Chartered Accountant 
from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He 
possesses over 27 years of extensive experience in direct and 
indirect taxation, accounting and audit, with significant expertise 
in managing complex tax matters, handling audits and providing 
strategic guidance on tax and financial matters. He is a member 
of the Audit Committee of the Board and continues to provide 
valuable guidance and an independent perspective to the Board 
in discharging its responsibilities effectively.
Requirement of approval of the Members:
In terms of the first proviso to Section 197(1) of the Act, the 
remuneration payable to the directors of a company, other than 
its Managing Director, Whole-time Director(s) and manager, 
shall not exceed one per cent of the net profits of the Company, 
computed in the manner laid down in Section 198 of the Act, 
where the Company has a Managing Director or Whole-time 
Director or manager, except with the approval of the Members of 
the Company in general meeting.
The aggregate commission proposed to be paid to the Non-
Executive Directors (including Independent Directors) at Item Nos. 
13 to 17 of the Notice amounts to 2% of the annual consolidated net 
profits of the Company, computed in accordance with Section 198 
of the Act, which exceeds the aforesaid limit of 1% of the net profits 
of the Company. Accordingly, the approval of the Members is 
being sought for payment of the said commission notwithstanding 
the limit specified in Section 197(1) of the Act.
Minimum Remuneration as per Schedule V:
If the profits of the Company are inadequate during the Financial 
Year 2026-27, the Company shall pay the aforesaid commission 
to each of the aforesaid Directors as minimum remuneration, in 
accordance with the provisions and limits specified under Section 
II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act, or any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force.
In terms of the proviso to item (A) of Section II of Part II of 
Schedule V to the Act, the remuneration in excess of the limits 
specified in the table thereunder may be paid to a managerial 
person or other director if the resolution passed by the 
shareholders is a special resolution. The commission proposed 
to be paid to the aforesaid Directors is computed as a percentage 
of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company and the 
quantum thereof is not ascertainable as on the date of this Notice. 
Accordingly, and further to the requirement under Section 197(1) 
of the Act referred to above, the approval of the Members is being 
sought by way of Special Resolutions at Item Nos. 13 to 17 of the 
Notice, so as to enable the Company to pay the said commission 
as minimum remuneration in the event of inadequacy of profits, 
including where such commission exceeds the limits specified in 
item (A) of Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act. 
The payment of the aforesaid remuneration has been approved 
by a resolution passed by the Board of Directors and by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their respective 
meetings held on August 10, 2026, and the Company has not 
committed any default in payment of dues to any bank or public 
financial institution or non-convertible debenture holders or any 
other secured creditor, as required under the conditions specified 
in Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act.
The information as required under Schedule V to the Act is given 
in Annexure VIII to the Notice.
Mr. Shantilal Vora, Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Mr. Mulesh Savla, 
Mrs. Sonal Vira and Mr. Ashok Chheda are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolutions set out at 
Item Nos. 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 of the Notice respectively, to the 
extent of the remuneration by way of commission proposed to be 
paid to them, and their respective relatives may be deemed to be 
concerned or interested to that extent. Mr. Santosh Vora, being a 
relative of Mr. Shantilal Vora, is also deemed to be concerned or 
interested in the resolution set out at Item No. 13 of the Notice.
Save as aforesaid, none of the other Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company, or their respective relatives, is in 
any way, financially or otherwise, concerned or interested in the 
resolutions set out at Item Nos. 13 to 17 of the Notice, except to the 
extent of their respective shareholdings, if any, in the Company.
The Board recommends the Special Resolutions set out at 
Item Nos. 13 to 17 of the Notice for approval by the Members 
of the Company.
Item No. 18: Shifting of the Registered Office of the Company 
outside the jurisdiction of the existing Registrar of Companies 
(ROC) within the State of Maharashtra.
The Registered Office of the Company is presently situated at 104, 
Udyog Kshetra, Mulund (West), Mumbai – 400080, Maharashtra, 
falling under the jurisdiction of the Registrar of Companies, 
Mumbai (ROC Mumbai-I).
209
Notice

===== PAGE 201 =====
In order to achieve greater operational efficiency and to align the 
Registered Office with the Company's principal place of business 
and manufacturing operations, the Board of Directors of the 
Company, at its meeting held on August 10, 2026, approved the 
proposal for shifting the Registered Office of the Company to 
Plot No. L-13, L-28, L-28(Pt), L-29 & L-30, Tarapur MIDC, Boisar, 
District – Palghar, Maharashtra – 401506, falling under the 
jurisdiction of the Registrar of Companies, Navi Mumbai (ROC 
Mumbai-II), subject to the approval of the Members, the Regional 
Director and such other statutory approvals as may be required.
Pursuant to Section 12(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, a company 
cannot shift its registered office from the jurisdiction of one 
Registrar of Companies to the jurisdiction of another Registrar of 
Companies within the same State unless such change is approved 
by the Members by way of a Special Resolution and confirmed by 
the Regional Director.
Further, Clause II of the Memorandum of Association of 
the Company presently states that the Registered Office of 
the Company is situated in the State of Maharashtra within 
the jurisdiction of the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai. 
Consequently, upon approval of the proposed shifting of 
the Registered Office, it is proposed to alter Clause II of the 
Memorandum of Association to reflect the jurisdiction of the 
Registrar of Companies, Mumbai-II.
The proposed shifting of the Registered Office will not adversely 
affect the existing business operations, shareholders, creditors, 
employees or any other stakeholders of the Company, and is in 
the best interests of the Company.
A copy of the Memorandum of Association of the Company 
containing the proposed amendment and other relevant 
documents shall be available for inspection by the Members in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company, or their relatives, is in any way concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at 
Item No. 18 of the Notice.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No.18 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Annual Report 2025-26
210


===== PAGE 202 =====
Annexure - II
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED AND VALIANT ORGANICS LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party VOL is an Indian company engaged in the manufacturing and sale of 
specialty chemicals and chemical intermediates, including chlorophenol 
derivatives, benzene-based specialty chemicals and other chemical 
intermediates, catering to the agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, dyes & 
pigments, polymers, personal care and allied industries, with operations 
in India and overseas markets.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity and the related 
party – including nature of its concern (financial or 
otherwise) and the following:
Valiant Laboratories Limited (“the Listed Entity/VLL”) does not hold 
any shares of the Related Party, VOL, either directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises through Dhanvallabh Ventures 
LLP (“DVLLP”), a promoter entity of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% 
of its equity share capital. DVLLP is a material subsidiary of VOL, 
and the Listed Entity is an associate of VOL (held through DVLLP). 
Accordingly, VOL is a related party of the Listed Entity under Regulation 
2(1) (zb) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with Ind AS 24.
Nature of Concern: Financial
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
Valiant Laboratories Limited does not hold any equity shares or other 
securities, either directly or indirectly, in VOL. Accordingly, there is no 
direct or indirect shareholding of the Listed Entity in the Related Party.
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as VOL is a body corporate having share capital. 
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
VOL does not directly hold any equity shares in Valiant Laboratories 
Limited (“the Listed Entity”). However, VOL holds 73.15% of the capital 
contribution in Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), its material 
subsidiary, and accordingly exercises control over DVLLP. DVLLP 
holds 46.84% of the equity share capital of the Listed Entity. In terms of 
the Explanation to this item, shareholding held through any person over 
which the related party has control is treated as indirect shareholding; 
accordingly, the entire 46.84% held by DVLLP constitutes the indirect 
shareholding of VOL in the Listed Entity. (The effective economic 
interest of VOL through DVLLP works out to 34.27%; however, indirect 
shareholding for the purpose of this disclosure is 46.84%.)
211
Notice

===== PAGE 203 =====
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
From VLL to VOL
Purchase of Goods/Services 109.96
From Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (“VASPL”) to VOL
Sale of Goods/Services 101.24
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
From VLL to VOL
Purchase of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 14.02
From VASPL to VOL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 0.96 
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year. 
No
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. Upto H 50 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/
materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Laboratories Limited to Valiant Organics 
Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual 
general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2. Upto H 400 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/
materials and/or availing of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Laboratories Limited from Valiant Organics 
Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual 
general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
3. Upto H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for leasing of property 
by Valiant Laboratories Limited to Valiant Organics Limited from 
September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
4. Upto H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for commission expected 
to be received by Valiant Laboratories Limited from Valiant 
Organics Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next 
annual general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies 
Act, 2013.
Annual Report 2025-26
212


===== PAGE 204 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5. Upto H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering 
of services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant 
Laboratories Limited from/to Valiant Organics Limited from 
September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
6. Upto H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for Transfer, Sale, 
Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by/to 
Valiant Laboratories Limited from/to Valiant Organics Limited 
from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the materiality threshold of the 
Listed Entity under Regulation 23(1) read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, i.e. H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of the Listed Entity of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26:
1. for sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations - 21.06%
2. for purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services or 
other resources and obligations – 168.44%
3. for leasing of property - 2.11%
4. for commission expected to be received - 0.42%
5. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations - 2.11%
6. for transfer, sale, disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations-2.11%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H466 crore) – 196.24% of the 
consolidated turnover of the Listed Entity.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
N.A.
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of VOL of H738.76 crore for 
FY 2025-26: 
1. for sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services – 6.77%; 
2. for purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services – 54.14%;
3. for leasing of property – 0.68%; 
4. for commission expected to be received – 0.14%;
5. for availing or rendering of services – 0.68%. 
6. for transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations-0.68%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H466 crore) – 63.08% of the 
consolidated turnover of VOL.
213
Notice

===== PAGE 205 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year:
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 738.38
Profit after Tax 34.36
Net Worth 696.85
Explanation: The above information given on 
standalone basis.
As disclosed in the table
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. sale 
of goods/services, purchase of goods/services, 
giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1. Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by VLL to VOL.
2. Purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services or other 
resources and obligations by VLL from VOL.
3. Leasing of property by VLL to VOL.
4. Commission expected to be received by VLL from VOL
5. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations 
by/to VLL from/to VOL.
6. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by/to VLL 
from/to VOL.
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1. Sale of any goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H50.00 crore.
2.  Purchase of any goods/materials and/or availing of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H400.00 crore.
3.  Leasing of property for an amount not exceeding H5.00 crore.
4.  Commission expected to be received for an amount not exceeding 
H1.00 crore.
5.  Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H5.00 crore.
6. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations not exceeding 
H5.00 crore. 
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 
months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
Annual Report 2025-26
214


===== PAGE 206 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will be 
executed over more than one financial year, provide 
estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28  (From April 1, 
2027, upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of any goods/materials and/
or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H25.00 crore.  
2. Purchase of any goods/materials 
and/or availing of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H200.00 crore.
3. Leasing of property for an amount 
not exceeding H2.50 crore 
4. Commission expected to be 
received for an amount not 
exceeding H0.50 crore. 
5. Availing or rendering of services 
or other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding H2.50 
crore. 
6. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations 
not exceeding H2.50 crore.
1. Sale of any goods/materials 
and/or rendering of services 
or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore   
2. Purchase of any goods/
materials and/or availing of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H200.00 crore
3. Leasing of property for an 
amount not exceeding H2.50 
crore
4. Commission expected to be 
received for an amount not 
exceeding H0.50 crore 
5. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H2.50 crore
6. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations not exceeding 
H2.50 crore.
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be 
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
the Company as they facilitate the efficient conduct of business operations 
through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, availing and rendering 
of services, leasing arrangements, commission-based activities and other 
business support transactions. These transactions enable operational 
efficiency, optimum utilization of resources, cost optimization, business 
continuity and commercial synergies between the parties.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties. Accordingly, the Audit 
Committee believes that the proposed transactions are beneficial to the 
Company and in the best interests of its shareholders.
215
Notice

===== PAGE 207 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
7 Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who have 
interest in the transaction, whether directly or 
indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean interest 
held through any person over which an individual 
has control.
Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director of Valiant Laboratories Limited, and 
Mrs. Sonal Vira, Independent Director of Valiant Laboratories Limited, along 
with their immediate relatives may be deemed to be interested in the proposed 
transactions by virtue of their directorships and shareholding in VOL.
Mr. Paresh Shah, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer and 
Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Non-Executive Director along with their immediate 
relatives may be deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions by 
virtue of their shareholding in VOL.
Further, Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP, a promoter entity of the Company 
holding 46.84% of the equity share capital of the Company, is a material 
subsidiary of VOL and may be deemed to be interested in the proposed 
transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the other Promoters, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives 
is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed 
transactions.
a. Name of the directors/KMP Mr. Santosh Vora
Mrs. Sonal Vira
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora – 2.09% (including shareholding held by his 
relatives)
Mrs. Sonal Amit Vira – 0.00% (including shareholding held by her relatives)
Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah – 0.46% (including shareholding held by his 
relatives)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta – 0.00% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any, shall be placed before the Audit 
Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such period 
for which such advances are extended as per normal trade 
practice), if any, proposed to be extended to the related 
party in relation to the transaction, specify the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature of 
the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate bidding 
or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Annual Report 2025-26
216


===== PAGE 208 =====
Annexure - III
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED AND AARTI PHARMALABS LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (“APL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party APL is a pharmaceutical company engaged in the research, development, 
manufacture and sale of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), API 
intermediates, Regulatory Starting Materials (RSMs), Key Building 
Blocks and other pharmaceutical products, along with process 
development and commercial manufacturing services.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity/subsidiary 
(in case of transaction involving the subsidiary) and 
the related party – including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following:
Valiant Laboratories Limited (“the Listed Entity/VLL”) does not hold 
any shares of the Related Party, APL, either directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises due to Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP 
(“DVLLP”), Promoter of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% of its equity share 
capital, through which it exercises significant influence over the Listed 
Entity. The Designated Partners of DVLLP direct its affairs, including the 
exercise of the voting rights attaching to its holding in the Listed Entity. 
They are accordingly persons having significant influence over the Listed 
Entity within the meaning of Ind AS 24 – Related Party Disclosures. The 
said Designated Partners, together with the other members of the Gogri 
family, constitute the Promoter and Promoter Group of APL and exercise 
joint control over APL. Further, the Designated Partners of DVLLP also 
hold key executive positions, such as Chairman, Managing Director, 
and Director in APL. APL is therefore an entity that is jointly controlled 
by persons having significant influence over the Listed Entity and is 
accordingly a related party of the Listed Entity as per Ind AS 24.
Nature of Concern: Otherwise. (The concern arises from the joint control 
of APL by persons having significant influence over VLL and VASPL).
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
VLL does not hold any equity shares or other securities, either directly 
or indirectly, in APL. Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect 
shareholding of the Listed Entity in the Related Party.
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as APL is a body corporate having share capital. 
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
APL holds no shares in the Listed Entity directly and holds none 
through any person over which APL has control. The equity interests 
held by members of the Gogri family in Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP are 
held by them in their personal capacity and are not attributable to APL. 
Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the Related 
Party in the Listed Entity.
217
Notice

===== PAGE 209 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Between VLL and APL
Purchase of Goods/Services 5.13
Sale of Goods/Services 3.19
Availing/rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations
3.00
Other Reimbursements 6.81
Between VASPL and APL
Sale of Goods/Services  0.42
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
Between VLL and APL
Purchase of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 0.66
Availing/rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations
Upto June 30, 2026 0.89
Other Reimbursements Upto June 30, 2026 1.94
Between VASPL and APL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 9.90
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year. 
No
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. H 10 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/materials 
and/or rendering of services or other resources and obligations 
by Valiant Laboratories Limited to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2. H 10 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/
services or other resources and obligations by Valiant Laboratories 
Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, 
upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
3. H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering 
of services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant 
Laboratories Limited from/to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from 
September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
4. H 15 crore towards omnibus approval for other reimbursement 
expected to be received by Valiant Laboratories Limited from 
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date 
of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013.
Annual Report 2025-26
218


===== PAGE 210 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5. H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations by Valiant Laboratories Limited 
from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the 
date of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions 
of Companies Act, 2013.
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the materiality threshold of the 
Listed Entity under Regulation 23(1) read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, i.e. H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of the Listed Entity of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26:
1. sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services – 4.21%;
2. purchase of goods/services – 4.21%;
3. availing or rendering of services – 2.11%;
4.  other reimbursement expected to be received – 6.32%.
5.  transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations – 2.11%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H45 crore) – 18.95% of the 
consolidated turnover of the Listed Entity.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
N.A.
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of APL of H1,819.44 crore 
for FY 2025-26: 
1.  sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services – 0.55%;
2.  purchase of goods/services – 0.55%; 
3.  availing or rendering of services – 0.27%;
4.  other reimbursement expected to be received – 0.82%.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations- 0.27
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H45 crore) – 2.47% of the 
consolidated turnover of APL.
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year:
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 1,797.55
Profit after Tax 176.20
Net Worth 1,982.35
Explanation: The above information is given on 
standalone basis.
As disclosed in the table
219
Notice

===== PAGE 211 =====
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. 
sale of goods/services, purchase of goods/
services, giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1.  Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Laboratories Limited to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
2.  Purchase of goods/services or other resources and obligations by 
Valiant Laboratories Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
3.  Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations 
by/to Valiant Laboratories Limited from/to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
4.  Other reimbursement expected to be received by Valiant Laboratories 
Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
5.  Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by/to Valiant 
Laboratories Limited from/to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1.  Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations for an amount not exceeding H 10 crore.
2.  Purchase of goods/services or other resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 10 crore.
3.  Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 5 crore.
4.  Other reimbursement expected to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 15 crore 
5.  Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations for an amount 
not exceeding H 5 crore.
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will 
be executed over more than one financial year, 
provide estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28 (From April 1, 2027, 
upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of goods/materials and/
or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 5 crore.
1.  Sale of goods/materials and/
or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 5 crore.
2.  Purchase of goods/services or 
other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 5 crore.
2. Purchase of goods/services or 
other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding 
H 5 crore.
3.  Availing or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 2.5 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H 2.5 crore.
4.  Other reimbursement expected 
to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 7.5 crore.
4.  Other reimbursement expected 
to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 7.5 crore.
5.  Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition 
of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other 
Resources/ Obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 2.5 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H 2.5 crore.
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Annual Report 2025-26
220


===== PAGE 212 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be 
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
the Company as they facilitate the efficient conduct of business operations 
through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, the availing and rendering 
of services and the reimbursement of shared costs. These transactions enable 
operational efficiency, optimum utilization of resources, cost optimization, 
business continuity and commercial synergies between the parties.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties. Accordingly, the Audit 
Committee believes that the proposed transactions are beneficial to the 
Company and in the best interests of its shareholders.
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether directly 
or indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over which an 
individual has control.
Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director, Mr. Paresh Shah, Whole-Time 
Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Shantilal Vora, Non-Executive 
Director and Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Non-Executive Director along with 
their immediate relatives may be deemed to be interested in the proposed 
transactions by virtue of their shareholding in APL.
Further, Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), the Promoter of the 
Company holding 46.84% of its equity share capital, its Designated Partners 
being members of the Promoter and Promoter Group of APL and holding 
office on the Board of APL and their immediate relatives may be deemed to 
be interested in the proposed transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the Promoters, Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives is concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed transactions.
a. Name of the directors/KMP Mr. Santosh Vora
Mr. Shantilal Vora
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Shantilal Vora – 0.1% (including shareholding 
held by their relatives)
Mr. Paresh Shah – 0.04% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta – 0.00% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any, shall be placed before the Audit 
Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature 
of the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate 
bidding or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
Reimbursement of shared costs is claimed and settled on an actual cost 
basis, without any mark-up.
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such period 
for which such advances are extended as per normal trade 
practice) , if any, proposed to be extended to the related 
party in relation to the transaction, specify the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
221
Notice

===== PAGE 213 =====
Annexure - IV
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT ADVANCED SCIENCES PRIVATE LIMITED AND VALIANT  
ORGANICS LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party VOL is an Indian company engaged in the manufacturing and sale of specialty 
chemicals and chemical intermediates, including chlorophenol derivatives, 
benzene-based specialty chemicals and other chemical intermediates, catering 
to the agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, dyes & pigments, polymers, personal 
care and allied industries, with operations in India and overseas markets.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity/ Subsidiary 
and the related party – including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following:
The transaction involves Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
(“VASPL”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(“the Listed Entity/VLL”), and Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”).
VASPL does not hold any shares of VOL, either directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises through Dhanvallabh Ventures 
LLP (“DVLLP”), a promoter entity of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% 
of its equity share capital. DVLLP is a material subsidiary of VOL, 
and the Listed Entity is an associate of VOL (held through DVLLP). 
Accordingly, VOL is a related party of the Listed Entity under Regulation 
2(1) (zb) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with Ind AS 24. Since the proposed transaction 
is being undertaken by VASPL, a wholly owned subsidiary of VLL, 
the transaction falls within the ambit of the related party transaction 
provisions applicable to the Listed Entity and its subsidiaries.
Nature of Concern: Financial
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
VASPL, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, does not 
hold any equity shares or other securities, either directly or indirectly, 
in VOL. Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the 
Subsidiary in the Related Party.
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as VOL is a body corporate having share capital. 
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
VOL does not directly hold any equity shares in VASPL.
However, VOL holds 73.15% of the capital contribution in Dhanvallabh 
Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), its material subsidiary, and accordingly exercises 
control over DVLLP. DVLLP holds 46.84% of the equity share capital of 
VLL. VLL, in turn, holds 100% of the equity share capital of VASPL.
In terms of the Explanation to this item, shareholding held through any 
person over which the related party has control is treated as indirect 
shareholding. Accordingly, the 46.84% shareholding held by DVLLP in 
VLL constitutes the indirect shareholding of VOL in VASPL, considering 
that VLL holds 100% of VASPL.
Annual Report 2025-26
222


===== PAGE 214 =====
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
From VLL to VOL
Purchase of Goods/Services 109.96
By VASPL with VOL
Sale of Goods/Services 101.24
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
From VLL to VOL
Purchase of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 14.02
From VASPL to VOL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 0.96
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year.  
No
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. Upto H 50 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/
service materials and/or rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to 
Valiant Organics Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date 
of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013.
2. Upto H 50 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/
service materials and/or availing of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited from 
Valiant Organics Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date 
of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013.
3. Upto H 2 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering 
of services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant 
Advanced Sciences Private Limited from/to Valiant Organics 
Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual 
general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
4. Upto H10 crore towards omnibus approval for other reimbursements 
by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited from Valiant Organics 
Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual 
general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
5. Upto H5 crore towards omnibus approval Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited from Valiant Organics Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
223
Notice

===== PAGE 215 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the applicable materiality 
threshold under Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
including the threshold applicable to transactions involving an unlisted 
subsidiary. The proposed transactions of H117 crore exceed 10% of 
VASPL’s annual standalone turnover of H41.65 crore for FY 2025-26, 
i.e. H4.16 crore, and also exceed the materiality threshold of the Listed 
Entity of H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated turnover of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
N.A. as listed entity is not a party to the transactions.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
Based on the annual standalone turnover of the subsidiary of H41.65 
crore for FY 2025-26:
1. for sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations –120.05%
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations –120.05%
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations -4.80%
4. for other reimbursements-24.01%
5. for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations- 12.00%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H117 crore) –280.91% of the 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary (VASPL).
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of VOL of H738.76 crore for 
FY 2025-26: 
1. for  sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations – 6.77%
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services or 
other resources and obligations – 6.77%
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and  
obligations - 0.27%
4. for other reimbursements - 1.35%
5. for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations - 0.68% 
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H117 crore) – 15.84% of the 
consolidated turnover of VOL.
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year:
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 738.38
Profit after Tax 34.36
Net Worth 696.85
Explanation: The above information given on 
standalone basis. 
As disclosed in the table
Annual Report 2025-26
224


===== PAGE 216 =====
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. 
sale of goods/services, purchase of goods/
services, giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1. Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL to VOL.
2. Purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services or other 
resources and obligations by VASPL from VOL.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations 
by/to VASPL from/to VOL.
4. Other Reimbursements by VASPL from VOL.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by VASPL to VOL
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1.  Sale of any goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H50.00 crore.
2.  Purchase of any goods/service materials and/or availing of services or 
other resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H50.00 crore.
3.  Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H2.00 crore.
4.  Other Reimbursements for an amount not exceeding H10.00 crore.
5.  Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations not exceeding 
H5.00 crore.
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will 
be executed over more than one financial year, 
provide estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28 (From April 1, 2027, 
upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of any goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service 
materials and/or availing of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services 
or other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding H1.00 
crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an 
amount not exceeding H5.00 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations H2.50 crore
1. Sale of any goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service 
materials and/or availing of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
3.  Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H1.00 crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an 
amount not exceeding H5.00 
crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations H2.50 crore
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
225
Notice

===== PAGE 217 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be 
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
VASPL as they facilitate the efficient conduct of its business operations 
through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, availing and rendering 
of services and other resources and obligations. These transactions are 
expected to enable VASPL to achieve operational efficiency, optimum 
utilization of resources, cost optimization, business continuity and 
commercial synergies with the counterparty.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties, as applicable. The 
proposed transactions are expected to support the business operations of 
VASPL and contribute to its growth and financial performance, thereby 
being in the overall interest of the Listed Entity and its stakeholders.
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether directly 
or indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over which an 
individual has control.
Mr. Santosh Vora and Mrs. Sonal Vira are Directors in VLL, VASPL 
and Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”), and also the shareholders in 
VLL and VOL. They may accordingly be deemed to be interested in the 
proposed transactions to the extent of their respective directorships and 
shareholdings, along with their immediate relatives.
Mr. Paresh Shah, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer of 
VLL, member of the Promoter Group of VLL, and a Director in VASPL, 
holds equity shares in VOL along with his immediate relatives and may 
accordingly be deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions to the 
extent of their respective shareholding in VOL.
Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Non-Executive Director of VLL, holds equity shares 
in VOL along with his immediate relatives and may accordingly be 
deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions to the extent of their 
shareholding in VOL.
Further, Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP, a promoter entity of VLL, holding 
46.84% of the equity share capital of VLL, is a material subsidiary of VOL and 
may accordingly be deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the other Promoters, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives 
is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed 
transactions.
a. Name of the directors/KMP Mr. Santosh Vora
Mrs. Sonal Vira
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
Mr. Santosh Vora – 2.09% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mrs. Sonal Vira – 0.00% (including shareholding held by her relatives)
Mr. Paresh Shah – 0.46% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta – 0.00% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party report, 
if any, shall be placed before the Audit Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Annual Report 2025-26
226


===== PAGE 218 =====
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature 
of the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate 
bidding or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such period 
for which such advances are extended as per normal trade 
practice), if any, proposed to be extended to the related 
party in relation to the transaction, specify the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
227
Notice

===== PAGE 219 =====
Annexure - V
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT ADVANCED SCIENCES PRIVATE LIMITED AND AARTI  
PHARMALABS LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (“APL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party APL is a pharmaceutical company engaged in the research, development, 
manufacture and sale of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), API 
intermediates, Regulatory Starting Materials (RSMs), Key Building Blocks 
and other pharmaceutical products, along with process development and 
commercial manufacturing services.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity/subsidiary 
(in case of transaction involving the subsidiary) and 
the related party – including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following:
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (“VASPL”) is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“the Listed Entity/VLL”). 
VASPL does not hold any shares of APL, the Related Party, either 
directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises due to Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP 
(“DVLLP”), Promoter of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% of its equity 
share capital, through which it exercises significant influence over the 
Listed Entity. The Designated Partners of DVLLP direct its affairs, 
including the exercise of the voting rights attaching to its holding in 
the Listed Entity. They are accordingly persons having significant 
influence over the Listed Entity within the meaning of Ind AS 24 – 
Related Party Disclosures. The said Designated Partners, together with 
the other members of the Gogri family, constitute the Promoter and 
Promoter Group of APL and exercise joint control over APL. Further, 
the Designated Partners of DVLLP also hold key executive positions, 
such as Chairman, Managing Director, and Director in APL. APL is 
therefore an entity that is jointly controlled by persons having significant 
influence over the Listed Entity and is accordingly a related party of the 
Listed Entity as per Ind AS 24.
As VASPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, APL is also 
considered a Related Party for the purpose of the proposed transactions 
involving VASPL, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Nature of Concern: Otherwise. (The concern arises from the joint 
control of APL by persons having significant influence over the Listed 
Entity and VASPL).
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
VASPL, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, does not 
hold any equity shares or other securities, either directly or indirectly, 
in APL. Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the 
Subsidiary in the Related Party
Annual Report 2025-26
228


===== PAGE 220 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as APL is a body corporate having share capital. 
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
APL does not directly hold any equity shares in VASPL. Further, APL 
holds no shares in the Listed Entity directly and holds none through 
any person over which APL has control. The equity interests held by 
members of the Gogri family in Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP are held 
by them in their personal capacity and are not attributable to APL. 
Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the Related 
Party in the Listed Entity.
Further, since VLL holds 100% of the equity share capital of VASPL, and 
APL has no direct or indirect shareholding in VLL through any person 
over which APL has control, APL does not have any direct or indirect 
shareholding in VASPL.
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Between VLL and APL
Purchase of Goods/Services 5.13
Sale of Goods/Services 3.19
Availing/rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations
3.00
Other Reimbursements 6.81
Between VASPL and APL
Sale of Goods/Services  0.42
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
Between VLL and APL
Purchase of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 0.66
Availing/rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations
Upto June 30, 2026 0.89
Other Reimbursements Upto June 30, 2026 1.94
Between VASPL and APL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 9.90
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year.  
No
229
Notice

===== PAGE 221 =====
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. H 120 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to 
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date 
of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013.
2. H 60 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/services 
or other resources and obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
3. H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private Limited from/to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from 
September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. 
4. H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for other reimbursement 
expected to be received by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private 
Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, 
upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013. 
5. H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. 
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the applicable materiality 
threshold under Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
including the threshold applicable to transactions involving an unlisted 
subsidiary. The proposed transactions of H187 crore exceed 10% of 
VASPL’s annual standalone turnover of H41.65 crore for FY 2025-26, 
i.e. H4.16 crore, and also exceed the materiality threshold of the Listed 
Entity of H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated turnover of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
N.A. as listed entity is not a party to the transactions.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
Based on the annual standalone turnover of the subsidiary of H41.65 
crore for FY 2025-26:
1. for sale of goods/services materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations – 288.12%;
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations – 144.06%;
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations – 2.40%;
4. for other reimbursement expected to be received – 2.40%;
5. for transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations- 12.00%.
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H187 crore) – 448.98% of the 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary.
Annual Report 2025-26
230


===== PAGE 222 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of APL of H1,819.44 crore 
for FY 2025-26: 
1. for sale of goods/services materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations – 6.60%;
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations – 3.30%;
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations – 0.05%;
4. for other reimbursement expected to be received – 0.05%.
5. for transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations- 0.27%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H187 crore) –10.28% of the 
consolidated turnover of APL.
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year:
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 1,797.55
Profit after Tax 176.20
Net Worth 1,982.35
Explanation: The above information is given on 
standalone basis
As disclosed in the table
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. 
sale of goods/services, purchase of goods/
services, giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1. Sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations by VASPL to APL.
2. Purchase of goods/services or other resources and obligations by VASPL 
from APL.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations by/to 
VASPL from/to APL.
4. Other reimbursement expected to be received by VASPL from APL.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by VASPL from APL.
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1. Sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H 120 crore.
2. Purchase of goods/services or other resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 60 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 1 crore.
4. Other reimbursement expected to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 1 crore 
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations for an amount 
not exceeding H 5 crore.
231
Notice

===== PAGE 223 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 
months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will 
be executed over more than one financial year, 
provide estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28 (From April 1, 2027, 
upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of goods/service materials 
and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 60 crore.
1. Sale of goods/service materials 
and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding  
H 60 crore.
2. Purchase of goods/services or 
other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 30 crore.
2. Purchase of goods/services or 
other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding  
H 30 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services 
or other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding H 0.5 
crore.
3. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H 0.5 crore.
4. Other reimbursement expected 
to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 0.5 crore
4. Other reimbursement expected 
to be received for an amount 
not exceeding H 0.5 crore
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition 
of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other 
Resources/ Obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 2.5 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H 2.5 crore.
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to 
be entered into are in the interest of the listed 
entity/subsidiary
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
VASPL as they are intended to facilitate the efficient conduct of its business 
operations through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, availing 
and rendering of services, leasing arrangements and other business 
support transactions with APL. These transactions are expected to facilitate 
operational efficiency, optimum utilisation of resources, cost optimisation, 
business continuity and commercial synergies between the parties.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties, as applicable. The 
proposed transactions are expected to support the business operations 
and growth of VASPL and contribute to its financial performance, thereby 
being in the overall interest of the Listed Entity and its stakeholders.
Annual Report 2025-26
232


===== PAGE 224 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether directly 
or indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over which an 
individual has control.
Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Paresh Shah are Directors in VLL and VASPL; 
and along with their respective relatives, hold equity shares in APL, the 
Related Party. Accordingly they may be deemed to be interested in the 
proposed transactions to the extent of their respective shareholding in APL.
Mr. Shantilal Vora and Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Directors of VLL, along with 
their respective relatives, hold equity shares in APL, the Related Party, and 
may accordingly be deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions 
to the extent of their respective shareholding in APL.
Further, Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), a Promoter entity of 
VLL holding 46.84% of the equity share capital of VLL, is controlled by its 
Designated Partners, who are persons having significant influence over the 
Listed Entity and, together with the other members of the Gogri family, 
exercise joint control over APL. Accordingly, DVLLP may be deemed to be 
interested in the proposed transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the other Promoters, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives is 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed transactions.
a. Name of the directors/KMP Mr. Santosh Vora
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Shantilal Vora
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
Mr. Santosh Vora - 0.1% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Paresh Shah - 0.04% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Shantilal Vora - 0.1% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta - 0.005% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party report, 
if any, shall be placed before the Audit Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature of 
the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate bidding 
or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
Reimbursement of shared costs is claimed and settled on an actual cost 
basis, without any mark-up.
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such 
period for which such advances are extended as per 
normal trade practice) , if any, proposed to be extended 
to the related party in relation to the transaction, specify 
the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
233
Notice

===== PAGE 225 =====
Annexure - VI
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT ADVANCED SCIENCES PRIVATE LIMITED AND ALCHEMIE 
SPECIALITY CHEMICALS PRIVATE LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Ltd (“ASCPL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party ASCPL is a manufacturer and dealer, which possess a diverse portfolio 
of fine chemicals, industrial and pure chemicals, dyes and pigments 
intermediates, and allied products.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity/ Subsidiary 
and the related party – including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following:
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (“VASPL”) is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“the Listed 
Entity”/“VLL”). VASPL does not hold any shares of ASCPL, the 
Related Party, either directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises due to Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP 
(“DVLLP”), Promoter of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% of its equity 
share capital, through which it exercises significant influence over the 
Listed Entity. The Designated Partners of DVLLP direct its affairs, 
including the exercise of the voting rights attaching to its holding in the 
Listed Entity. They are accordingly persons having significant influence 
over the Listed Entity within the meaning of Ind AS 24 – Related Party 
Disclosures. The said Designated Partners, together with the other 
members of the Gogri family, hold, in the aggregate, a majority of the 
equity share capital of ASCPL and accordingly exercise joint control 
over ASCPL. ASCPL is therefore an entity that is jointly controlled 
by persons having significant influence over the Listed Entity and is 
accordingly a related party of the Listed Entity as per Ind AS 24.
As VASPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, ASCPL 
is also considered a Related Party for the purpose of the proposed 
transactions involving VASPL, in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Nature of Concern: Otherwise. (The concern arises from the joint control 
of ASCPL by persons having significant influence over the Listed Entity 
and VASPL).
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
VASPL, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, does not 
hold any equity shares or other securities, either directly or indirectly, 
in ASCPL. Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the 
subsidiary in the Related Party.
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as ASCPL is a body corporate having share capital. 
Annual Report 2025-26
234


===== PAGE 226 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
ASCPL does not directly hold any equity shares in VASPL. Further, 
ASCPL does not hold any shares in the Listed Entity directly and does 
not hold any shares through any person over which ASCPL has control. 
Certain shareholders of ASCPL are also designated partners/partners 
of DVLLP; however, their partnership interests in DVLLP are held by 
them in their individual capacity and are not attributable to ASCPL. 
Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the Related 
Party in the Listed Entity.
Further, since VLL holds 100% of the equity share capital of VASPL, 
and ASCPL has no direct or indirect shareholding in VLL through any 
person over which ASCPL has control, ASCPL does not have any direct 
or indirect shareholding in VASPL.
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
From VASPL to ASCPL
Sale of Goods/Services 1.08
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
From VASPL to ASCPL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 2.42
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year.  
No
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. H 50 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to 
Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2. H 2 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/
service materials and/or availing of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited from 
Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
235
Notice

===== PAGE 227 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
3. H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private Limited from/to Alchemie Speciality Chemicals 
Private Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next 
annual general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies 
Act, 2013.
4. H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for other reimbursements 
by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited from Alchemie 
Speciality Chemicals Private Limited from September 28, 2026, 
upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
5. H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited to Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Limited 
from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the applicable materiality 
threshold under Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
including the threshold applicable to transactions involving an unlisted 
subsidiary. The proposed transactions of H59 crore exceed 10% of 
VASPL’s annual standalone turnover of H41.65 crore for FY 2025-26, 
i.e. H4.16 crore, and also exceed the materiality threshold of the Listed 
Entity of H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated turnover of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
N.A. as listed entity is not a party to the transactions.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
Based on the annual standalone turnover of the subsidiary of H41.65 
crore for FY 2025-26:
1. for sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations –120.05%
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations –4.80%
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations -2.40%
4. for other reimbursements-2.40%
5. for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligation- 12.00%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H59 crore) –141.66 % of the 
standalone turnover of the Subsidiary.
Annual Report 2025-26
236


===== PAGE 228 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual standalone turnover of ASCPL of H 91.66 crore for 
FY 2024-25: (Not available for FY 2025-26 as the financial statements are 
not prepared as on the date of this notice)
1. for sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations – 54.55%
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations –2.18%
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations – 1.09%
4. for other reimbursements- 1.09 %
5. for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations-  5.45% 
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H59 crore) – 64.37 % of the 
standalone turnover of ASCPL for FY 2024-25.
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year: (Not available 
for FY 2025-26 as the financial statements are not 
prepared as on the date of this notice)
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 91.66 
Profit after Tax (6.62) 
Net Worth  37.16
Explanation: The above information given on 
standalone basis. 
As disclosed in the table
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. 
sale of goods/services, purchase of goods/
services, giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1. Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by VASPL to ASCPL.
2. Purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL from ASCPL.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations by/to 
VASPL from/to ASCPL.
4. Other Reimbursements by/from VASPL from/to ASCPL.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by VASPL 
from ASCPL.
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1. Sale of any goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H50.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service materials and/or availing of services or 
other resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H2.00 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H1.00 crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an amount not exceeding H1.00 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations for an amount 
not exceeding H5.00 crore.
237
Notice

===== PAGE 229 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting held 
as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will 
be executed over more than one financial year, 
provide estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28 (From April 1, 2027, 
upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of any goods/service materials 
and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H25.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service 
materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H1.00 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H0.50 crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an 
amount not exceeding H0.50 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H2.50 crore.
1. Sale of any goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service 
materials and/or availing of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H1.00 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H0.50 crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an 
amount not exceeding H0.50 
crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H2.50 crore.
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to 
be entered into are in the interest of the listed 
entity/subsidiary
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
VASPL as they are intended to facilitate the efficient conduct of its business 
operations through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, availing 
and rendering of services and other business support transactions with 
ASCPL. These transactions are expected to facilitate operational efficiency, 
optimum utilisation of resources, cost optimisation, business continuity 
and commercial synergies between VASPL and ASCPL.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties, as applicable. The 
proposed transactions are expected to support the business operations 
and growth of VASPL and contribute to its financial performance, thereby 
being in the overall interest of the Listed Entity and its stakeholders.
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether directly 
or indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over which an 
individual has control.
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), a Promoter entity of the Company 
holding 46.84% of the equity share capital of the Company, is controlled by 
its Designated Partners, who are persons having significant influence over 
the Listed Entity and, together with the other members of the Gogri family, 
exercise joint control over ASCPL. Accordingly, DVLLP may be deemed to 
be interested in the proposed transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the other Promoters, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives is 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed transactions
Annual Report 2025-26
238


===== PAGE 230 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
a. Name of the directors/KMP None of the directors/KMP of the listed entity have interest in the 
transaction, directly or indirectly.
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
NA
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any, shall be placed before the Audit 
Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature of 
the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate bidding 
or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such 
period for which such advances are extended as per 
normal trade practice), if any, proposed to be extended 
to the related party in relation to the transaction, specify 
the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
239
Notice

===== PAGE 231 =====
Annexure - VII
Details of the Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment at the Annual General Meeting, furnished in terms of Regulation 
36 of the Listing Regulations and the information required under the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2).
Name of the Director Mr. Santosh Vora Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Sandeep Gupta
Director Identification 
Number (DIN)
07633923 09505883 07633852 09245060
Date of Birth 25-07-1994 20-10-1982 05-11-1952 08-12-1970
Age 32 years 43 years 73 years 55 years
Date of appointment/ 
reappointment on the 
Board
06-02-2022 16-02-2022 16-08-2021 23-02-2023
Qualifications, Experience 
and expertise in specific 
functional areas 
As disclosed in Item 
No. 9 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of 
the AGM Notice.
As disclosed in Item No. 
10 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of 
the AGM Notice.
As disclosed in Item No. 
12 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of 
the AGM Notice.
As disclosed in Item No. 
14 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) 
of the AGM Notice.
Remuneration last drawn 
(including sitting fees, if 
any)
Rs.27 Lakhs per annum 
+ 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company amounting 
to Rs. 11,447.75/-
Sitting fees of Rs. 50,000/- 
during Financial Year 
2025-26
Sitting fees of Rs. 50,000/- 
during Financial Year 2025-
26 + 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company amounting to 
Rs. 11,447.75/-
Sitting fees of Rs. 
25,000/- during Financial 
Year 2025-26
Remuneration proposed to 
be paid
Rs.32 Lakhs per annum 
+ 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company (Calculated 
as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.) + 
Perquisites & Other Benefits
0.25% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company. (Calculated 
as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company. (Calculated 
as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits 
of the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.)
Terms and Conditions 
of appointment / 
reappointment
Re-appointment as 
Managing Director of the 
Company for a period of 
five (5) years, not liable to 
retire by rotation.
Re-appointment as an 
Independent Director 
of the Company for a 
second term of five (5) 
consecutive years, not 
liable to retire by rotation.
Continuation of 
directorship as a 
Non-Executive Non-
Independent Director with 
effect from November 05, 
2027, liable to retire by 
rotation.
Re-appointment as a 
Non-Executive Director, 
liable to retire by 
rotation.
Relationship with other 
Directors, Manager and 
other Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company
Son of Mr. Shantilal 
Vora (Non-Executive 
Non-Independent 
Director); related to the 
other Promoters of the 
Company.  Mr. Santosh 
Vora is a Promoter.
None. Father of Mr. Santosh 
Vora (Managing Director); 
related to the other 
Promoters of the Company.  
Mr. Shantilal Vora is a 
Promoter.
None. 
Number of meetings of the 
Board attended during the 
Financial Year 2025-26 (out 
of the total meetings held 
during his / her tenure 
i.e. 6)
6 (Six) 5 (Five) 6 (Six) 5 (Five)
Directorships held in other 
companies
1. Valiant Organics 
Limited 
2. Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private 
Limited
1. Valiant Organics 
Limited 
2. Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private 
Limited
None None
Annual Report 2025-26
240


===== PAGE 232 =====
Name of the Director Mr. Santosh Vora Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Sandeep Gupta
Memberships/ 
Chairmanships of 
committees of other 
companies
Valiant Organics Limited: 
• Member of 
Nomination and 
Remuneration 
Committee
Valiant Organics Limited: 
• Member of Audit 
Committee 
None None
Names of Listed 
Companies from which the 
Director has resigned in 
the past three years
None Purple Finance Limited 
- resigned from the 
position of Chief Financial 
Officer with effect from 
03-02-2025. 
She has not resigned from 
the directorship of any 
listed entity during the 
past three years. 
None None
No. of shares held in the 
Company
40,73,987 equity shares 40,73,987 equity shares Nil
241
Notice

===== PAGE 233 =====
ANNEXURE VIII TO THE NOTICE
Statement containing additional information as required under item (iv) of the third proviso to Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013
I. General Information:
 1. Nature of industry: Pharmaceuticals/API (Paracetamol manufacturing) 
 2. Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production: The Company is an existing company and has been in commercial production since August 16, 2021. 
 3. In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial institutions appearing in the prospectus:  Not applicable, as the 
Company is an existing company.
 4. Financial performance based on given indicators (J in Lakhs):
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Revenue from Operations 21,704.25 13,336.18 23,746.75 13,338.20
Profit/loss before Depreciation, Finance Costs, Exceptional items and Tax 
Expense
1,007.09 75.21 871.05 75.53
Profit /loss before Exceptional items and Tax Expense 754.79 (144.78) 76.82 (151.26)
Profit /(loss) for the year 554.82 (215.02) (326.79) (220.12)
 5. Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Nil
II. Information about Managing Director, Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer and Non-Executive Director:
Sr. 
No. Particulars Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Paresh Shah Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Sandeep Gupta Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Ashok Chheda
1. Background details As disclosed in the Explanatory Statement (Annexure I) of the AGM Notice
2. Past Remuneration Rs. 27 Lakhs per annum + 0.5% 
of the annual consolidated 
net profits of the Company 
amounting to Rs. 11,447.75/-
Rs. 15 Lakhs per 
annum + 0.5% of the 
annual consolidated 
net profits of the 
Company amounting 
to Rs. 11,447.75/-
Sitting fees of Rs. 
50,000 during 
Financial Year 
2025-26 + 0.5% 
of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company 
amounting to Rs. 
11,447.75/-
Sitting fees of Rs. 
25,000/- during 
Financial Year 
2025-26
Sitting fees of Rs. 
57,500/- during 
Financial Year 
2025-26
Sitting fees of Rs. 
50,000/- during 
Financial Year 
2025-26
Sitting fees of Rs. 
37,500/- during 
Financial Year 
2025-26
3. Recognition or awards None
Annual Report 2025-26
242


===== PAGE 234 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Paresh Shah Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Sandeep Gupta Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Ashok Chheda
4. Job profile and his 
suitability
He looks after overall 
management of the company 
and plays a key role in the 
various growth initiatives of 
the company. He specializes in 
development of new products 
and getting new chemistries. 
He also looks after process 
optimization. In addition to the 
technical acumen, he possesses 
a key understanding of financial 
and commercial aspects of 
pharma and chemical industry
He oversees factory 
operations and 
legal matters of 
the Company and 
is responsible for 
financial activities 
including budgeting, 
forecasting, working 
capital management, 
and project financing
He provides 
strategic guidance 
and mentorship 
to the leadership 
team as a Non-
Executive Director
He continues to 
provide valuable 
insights and strategic 
guidance to the 
Board in discharging 
its responsibilities 
effectively.
He serves 
on various 
Committees of 
the Company 
and continues to 
provide valuable 
guidance, an 
independent 
perspective and 
strategic inputs 
to the Board in 
discharging its 
responsibilities 
effectively.
She serves on 
various Committees 
of the Board, and 
her professional 
experience and 
financial acumen 
enable her to provide 
valuable insights 
and guidance to 
the Board and its 
Committees in 
matters relating to 
governance, risk 
management and 
strategic decision-
making.
He is a member 
of the Audit 
Committee of 
the Board and 
continues to 
provide valuable 
guidance and 
an independent 
perspective to 
the Board in 
discharging its 
responsibilities 
effectively.
5. Remuneration proposed Rs. 32 Lakhs per annum + 0.5% 
of the annual consolidated 
net profits of the Company 
(Calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013.) + 
Perquisites & Other Benefits
Rs. 20 Lakhs per 
annum + 0.5% of the 
annual consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.) + Perquisites 
& Other Benefits
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
0.25% of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
0.25% of 
the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
6. Comparative 
remuneration profile with 
respect to industry, size of 
the company, profile of the 
position and person
Comparable with peers in the 
pharmaceutical industry for 
similarly sized listed entities.
Comparable 
with peers in the 
pharmaceutical 
industry for similarly 
sized listed entities.
The proposed remuneration by way of commission to Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors 
is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 and Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 and is 
aligned with prevailing industry practices.
7. Pecuniary relationship 
directly or indirectly with 
the Company or relationship 
with the managerial 
personnel, if any
Promoter of the Company; 
related to other promoter 
directors.
Member of the 
Promoter Group of 
the Company.
Promoter of the 
Company; related 
to other promoter 
directors.
The Director does not have any pecuniary relationship, directly or indirectly, with 
the Company or its managerial personnel except the receipt of sitting fees and the 
proposed remuneration by way of commission.
243
Notice

===== PAGE 235 =====
III. Other Information: 
 1. Reasons for Loss or Inadequate Profits: The Company reported a profit on a standalone basis for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026. The approval is accordingly being sought pursuant to Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies 
Act, 2013, both in respect of the said financial year and as an enabling provision to permit payment of remuneration in the 
event of absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the tenure of appointment / the period for which 
remuneration is proposed to be paid. 
 2. Steps Taken or Proposed for Improvement: Not applicable 
 3. Expected Increase in Productivity and Profits in Measurable Terms: Not applicable 
IV. Further Remuneration related disclosures under Corporate Governance Section: 
 All relevant information as required under Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 has been disclosed in the 
Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of the Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26.
Annual Report 2025-26
244


===== PAGE 236 =====


===== PAGE 237 =====
Registered Address 
104, 1st Floor, Udyog Kshetra, Above Krishna Motors, 
Near D-mart, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai – 400 080
Corporate Office Address 
701-A, Tower B, Embassy 247 Park,  
LBS Road, Vikhroli (West),  
Mumbai – 400083. 
Mobile: +91-22-4971 2001 
Hotline: 4971 7220,4971 7221 
marketing@valiantlabs.in

===== PAGE 238 =====
Transforming 
Potential into 
Progress
Annual Report 
2025-26

===== PAGE 239 =====
Contents
Who We Are 02
MD’s Message 04
Financial Highlights 06
Our Journey 08
Geographic Footprint 10
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 11
Manufacturing 12
Supply Chain 16
Environment 18
Social 19
Governance 20
Our Leadership Team 22
Corporate Information 24
Standalone
Independent Auditors’ Report 81
Balance Sheet 90
Statement of Profit and Loss 91
Statement of Cash Flows 92
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity 94
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements 95
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statements 105
Consolidated
Independent Auditors’ Report 136
Balance Sheet 142
Statement of Profit and Loss 143
Statement of Cash Flows 144
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 146
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements 147
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement 157Management Discussion and Analysis 25
Report of the Board of Directors 36
Report on the Corporate Governance 59
Forward-looking statement
Some information in this report may contain forward-looking 
statements. We have based these statements on our current beliefs, 
expectations and intentions as to facts, actions and events that 
will or may occur in the future. Such statements generally are 
identified by futuristic words such as ‘believe’, ‘plan’, ‘anticipate’, 
‘continue’, ‘estimate’, ‘expect’, ‘may’, ‘will’ or other similar words. 
These statements may include assumptions or basis underlying 
the futuristic statement. We have chosen these assumptions or 
basis in good faith, and we believe that they are reasonable in all 
material respects. However, we caution you that these statements 
might vary from actual results, and the differences between the 
results implied by the statements and actual results can be material, 
depending on the circumstances.   
To know more about the company, 
log on to https://valiantlabs.in
Corporate Overview Financial Statements
Statutory Reports
Notice of AGM
Notice 188
Scan the QR Code  
to view the report online
02-24 81-187
25-79
188-244
Transforming 
Potential into 
Progress
Every journey of progress begins with 
recognising potential and having the 
conviction to nurture it. What starts as 
an idea, an investment or a capability 
gradually evolves into something far 
greater through persistence, discipline 
and a clear sense of purpose.
That has been the story of Valiant Laboratories. For over four 
decades, we have steadily built on our strengths, expanding our 
expertise, refining our processes and investing in capabilities 
that prepare us for the future. Each milestone has strengthened 
the foundation for the next, shaping a business that is more 
resilient, agile and equipped to meet the evolving needs of the 
pharmaceutical industry.
During FY2025-26, this journey gathered fresh momentum. The 
expansion of our manufacturing capacity, the commercialisation 
of Valiant Advanced Sciences, deeper backward integration 
and sustained investments in quality, operational excellence 
and responsible business practices reflect our ability to convert 
opportunity into tangible outcomes.
This is where Transforming Potential into Progress comes to 
life. It is a journey shaped by purposeful choices, thoughtful 
investments and the pursuit of better ways of working. Every 
capability we build, every milestone we achieve and every 
opportunity we unlock becomes part of a larger story, one that 
is steadily shaping a stronger Valiant Laboratories for the future.

===== PAGE 240 =====
Who We Are
Our Performance at a Glance
From Vision to Progress 
Progress in Perspective
With over 45 years of manufacturing excellence, Valiant Laboratories 
Limited is a pharmaceutical company and one of India’s leading 
manufacturers of high-quality Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), 
with a strong presence in the Paracetamol API segment. 
As part of the Aarti Group of Industries, we are built on a trusted legacy that traces back to 1980 with Bharat Chemicals, 
where we developed deep expertise in Para Nitro Phenol production. Guided by sustained investment in research, 
process innovation and technical expertise, we expanded into pharmaceuticals and established ourselves as a trusted 
manufacturer of Paracetamol. 
As healthcare needs evolve, we are enhancing our capabilities, advancing operational excellence and strengthening our 
readiness to capture new opportunities.
Our Vision
Our Mission
Valiant Laboratories aims to establish itself as the foremost 
supplier of bulk drugs, achieving leadership through: 
Valiant Laboratories is dedicated to diversifying into new chemistries 
and industries, increasing our market share and optimising operational 
efficiencies through the backward integration of our proposed facility. 
We are committed to expanding our footprint in foreign and regulated 
markets while delivering innovative solutions that address global 
healthcare challenges. 
Upholding the highest standards of quality and ethical practices, we 
foster long-term partnerships and sustainable growth. Our mission is 
to pioneer advancements in pharmaceuticals, ensuring accessible and 
effective healthcare solutions worldwide.
Prioritising customer 
satisfaction through 
continuous technological 
advancement, ethical 
business practice, 
and innovative 
product development 
Implementing cost-
effective and safe 
processes supported  
by cutting-edge  
technologies 
Embracing the most 
efficient and adaptable 
manufacturing 
practices and 
methods to ensure 
operational excellence 
Maintaining a 
steadfast commitment 
to sustainability, 
community 
responsibility and 
employee well-being
Consistently 
delivering superior 
quality products 
punctually and at 
competitive prices 
Financial Highlights (Standalone)
Operational Highlights
H31,976 Lakhs
ISO 9001:2015 
and GMP
H555 Lakhs
H1,007 Lakhs
Commencement 
of Commercial 
Production at VASPL
H21,704 Lakhs
Net Worth
Certified
PAT
EBITDA
(November 2025)
Total Revenue
Annual Report 2025-26
02
 03
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 241 =====
MD’s Message
Valiant Laboratories Limited Dear Shareholders,
It is my privilege to present to you the performance of Valiant Laboratories for the financial year 2025-26, a year 
in which your Company returned firmly to the path of profitability after a testing FY25.
The Indian Paracetamol API industry spent much of FY24 and FY25 absorbing the effects of post-COVID 
capacity additions across the sector, which kept realisations and utilisation levels under pressure. FY26 showed 
clearer signs of stabilisation, and your Company used the year to strengthen its position for the cycles ahead. 
We completed a Rights Issue, brought our balance sheet to a debt-free position, and took our specialty chemicals 
subsidiary from pilot stage into commercial production. Each of these steps was deliberate, and together they 
leave the Company better placed to navigate future market conditions than it was a year ago.
November 2025 
marked the start 
of commercial 
operations at 
VASPL — a second 
engine of growth 
alongside our core 
Paracetamol business.
Quality and Safety at the 
Core
Quality remains foundational to how 
we operate. Our facility are certified 
to ISO 9001:2015, and we hold GMP 
certification for the manufacture and 
export of bulk drugs and APIs, with 
quality checks embedded from raw 
material procurement through to 
storage. On safety, FY26 was a strong 
year: we closed with zero Lost Time 
Injuries, zero Medical Treatment Cases, 
zero occupational illnesses and no 
fatal accidents. This was supported by 
a structured monthly safety training 
calendar, regular toolbox talks, and 
mock emergency drills reported 
to the Directorate of Industrial 
Safety and Health.
Valiant Advanced Sciences: 
A New Growth Platform
Our wholly owned subsidiary, Valiant 
Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
(VASPL), reached a defining milestone 
this year with the commencement of 
commercial operations in November 
2025 at its specialty chemicals facility. 
Our products find end-use applications 
in the agrochemical, pharmaceutical, 
dye, pigment, fragrance, food, and 
polymer industries.
As commercial production commenced 
only partway through FY26, the year 
reflects a partial period of operations. 
Building on this foundation, our 
Financial Performance
Revenue from operations grew 62.7%, 
to J217.04 crore in FY26. The Company 
returned to profitability with a profit 
after tax of J 5.55 crore, against a 
loss of J 2.15 crore in the previous 
year. EBITDA margin recovered to 
4.64% from 0.56%. The Rights Issue, 
completed in August 2025, raised 
J81.47 crore, majority of which was 
used to fully repay the Company’s 
outstanding term borrowings. This 
brought our debt-equity ratio down 
to NIL from 0.25 in the previous 
year, placing the Company on a 
considerably stronger financial footing 
entering FY27.Strengthening Our  
Foundations
Backward integration remained central 
to our approach through the year: both 
key starting materials for Paracetamol 
continue to be sourced from within 
the Aarti Group, with majority of 
our Para-aminophenol requirement 
now secured through integrated and 
localised sourcing. This reduces our 
exposure to import volatility and 
strengthens supply continuity. 
Looking to the future, the Company 
is working towards WHO-GMP 
compliance, targeted by next year, 
which will support our entry into 
semi-regulated export markets. 
focus for FY27 is to accelerate the 
commercialization of products from 
our development pipeline while 
expanding our export footprint across key 
international markets.
The Path Ahead
Our priorities for FY27 are to consolidate 
our deleveraged balance sheet, support 
VASPL’s commercial ramp-up, and 
continue aligning our facilities with 
international regulatory requirements. 
None of this is possible without our 
people. Through the year, employees and 
contract workers took part in structured 
training on material handling, safety 
and emergency response, alongside 
familiarisation programmes for senior 
management and Directors on evolving 
regulatory requirements. 
In Closing
I would like to thank our shareholders, 
customers, employees and business 
partners for their continued trust 
and support through the year. Their 
confidence has been central to the 
progress we have made, and I look 
forward to building on this foundation 
together in the year ahead.
Warm regards,
Mr. Santosh Vora 
Managing Director
05
Annual Report 2025-2604
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 242 =====
Financial Highlights
ConsolidatedStandalone
The Value We Created
Revenue Revenue 
PAT PAT 
EBITDA EBITDA 
PAT Margin PAT Margin 
EBITDA Margin EBITDA Margin
ROCE ROCE
21,704.25
23,746.75
554.82
(326.79)
1,007.09
871.05
2.56
(1.38)
4.64
3.67
2.43
2.77
18,205.24
18,205.72
34.03
31.96
127.33
127.39
0.19
0.18
0.70
0.70
(0.23)
(0.29)
33,390.95
33,390.95
2,899.83
2,899.83
3,995.32
3,995.32
8.68
8.68
11.97
11.97
26.06
23.66
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 26
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 24
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
FY 23
13,336.18
13,338.20
(215.02)
(220.12)
75.21
75.54
(1.61)
(1.65)
0.56
0.57
(0.54)
(0.40)
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
FY 25
(H in Lakhs) (H in Lakhs)
(H in Lakhs) (H in Lakhs)
(H in Lakhs) (H in Lakhs)
(in %) (in %)
(in %) (in %)
(in %) (in %)
07
Annual Report 2025-2606
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 243 =====
Our Journey
Milestones of Transformation
1980
1982
2015
2022
2025
2025
2023
2021
2004–05
1981
Established M/s. Bharat 
Chemicals
Formed as a partnership 
firm, marking the begin-
ning of our manufactur-
ing journey.
Commenced manufacturing  
of Paracetamol.
Achieved H500 
million in annual 
revenue from operations.
Annual revenue from operations 
crossed H2,000 million; formed 
wholly owned subsidiary, VASPL, 
to diversify business activities.
Enhanced Tarapur 
manufacturing capacity from 
9000 MT to 10800 MT per annum
Commercialised VASPL’s speciality 
chemicals facility at Saykha, Gujarat 
in November 2025, marking its 
transition into commercial production 
of ketene and diketene derivatives.
Listed on BSE 
and NSE on 6 October.
Converted from partnership 
firm into a public limited 
company; annual 
revenue from operations 
crossed H1,000 million.
Expanded Tarapur presence 
with the acquisition of additional 
plots L-28, L-29 and L-13 (part), 
taking the total footprint to 
about 3,000 sq. mtrs.
Acquired Plot No. L-30 in 
Tarapur Industrial Area, 
Palghar, Maharashtra on a 
leasehold basis, measuring 
about 1,000 sq. mtrs.
0908
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial StatementsAnnual Report 2025-26

===== PAGE 244 =====
Geographic Footprint Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
The Value We Created Precision. Innovation. Impact.
We are steadily strengthening our footprint in India, supported by rising 
demand for Paracetamol API, the growing over-the-counter (OTC) 
segment and our ISO 9001:2015 and GMP certifications. By strengthening 
relationships in high-growth regions and widening our customer base, 
we are building a resilient distribution network backed by a reliable 
supply chain.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL), our wholly-owned subsidiary, 
represents our strategic foray into specialty chemicals. During FY26, VASPL 
reached a defining milestone by progressing from pilot-scale development to 
commercial operations, establishing a new avenue for value creation and portfolio 
diversification. 
Manufacturing Facility Corporate Office
Tarapur plant, Maharashtra Vikhroli, Mumbai, Maharashtra
VASPL also completes a fully backward-integrated value chain for our core 
business: it manufactures Acetic Anhydride — a key input in Paracetamol 
production — keeping both major starting materials for Paracetamol within the 
Aarti Group.
Commencement of 
Commercial Operations
FY26 marked the beginning of 
commercial operations at VASPL in 
November 2025. Operations are anchored 
at VASPL’s greenfield manufacturing 
facility at Saykha GIDC, Bharuch, 
Gujarat, where commercial production 
of Acetic Anhydride — our flagship 
specialty chemical — commenced during 
the year. The facility is certified to ISO 
9001 (Quality), ISO 14001 (Environment) 
and ISO 45001 (Occupational Health 
and Safety) management systems. 
The company is also associated with 
CHEMEXCIL and holds Halal and 
Kosher certifications, reinforcing 
its commitment to international 
quality standards and global 
customer requirements.
November 2025
Customer approvals
Commercial operations commenced
Secured approvals for several products, while 
several more products are in the pipeline 
undergoing customer qualification and approval 
processes.
Map not to scale
11
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements10Annual Report 2025-26

===== PAGE 245 =====
Manufacturing
Transforming Vision into Reality 
Our manufacturing platform is built on advanced infrastructure, efficient production 
processes, disciplined quality systems and backward integration. Together, these 
strengths enable us to deliver high-quality Paracetamol API with consistency while 
driving operational efficiency and supporting scalable growth.
Manufacturing Excellence 
Our manufacturing facility at Tarapur 
is equipped with advanced technology 
to produce Paracetamol API in a range 
of grades and pack sizes. The facility 
is strategically located approximately 
150 km from JNPT (Nhava Sheva) Port 
and 110 km from our office in Mumbai 
supporting efficient domestic distribution 
and export shipments.
Strategic Location
~150 km ~110 km
JNPT (Nhava Sheva) Port Mumbai Office
Product Portfolio and Applications
We manufacture Paracetamol API in different grades and sizes to cater to varied 
customer requirements.
Pharmacopeial Standards
Our products are supplied to pharmaceutical manufacturers for use in finished dosage 
forms, including tablets, capsules and other medications.
IPIP BP BP USPUSP EUEU
Product  
Grades
PowderCrystals
Fine 
Powder 
Manufacturing Process
We follow a controlled manufacturing process designed to ensure purity, 
consistency and quality across our Paracetamol API production.
Paracetamol Manufacturing Process
RAW MATERIALS
ACETYLATION 
Para-aminophenol is acetylated with acetic anhydride to produce crude Paracetamol.
FILTRATION 
The crude Paracetamol is dissolved in hot water and treated with activated carbon to remove coloured impurities. The mass is then filtered.
PURIFICATION 
The filtered mass undergoes purification before being sent to the crystalliser.
CRYSTALLISATION 
The purified mass is cooled in the crystalliser to facilitate crystallisation.
FILTRATION 
The crystallised mass is centrifuged and washed with purified water to obtain pure Paracetamol in centrifuged form.
ML FOR RECOVERY DRYING 
Centrifuged pure Paracetamol is dried in the fluid bed dryer.
PULVERIZATION 
The blended material is transferred through the powder transfer system for pulverising.
BLENDING 
A full batch of dried pure Paracetamol is loaded into the blender. After 
blending, it is transferred to the receiver for pulverising.
PACKING  
Pulverised Paracetamol is packed in bags, drums or as per customer requirements.
PARACETAMOL IP/BP/EP/USP
Annual Report 2025-26 1313
Annual Report 2025-2612
Statutory Reports Financial Statements
Corporate Overview

===== PAGE 246 =====
Quality Management
We embed quality controls across 
the manufacturing cycle, from raw 
material procurement and production 
to storage, supported by an in-house 
analytical laboratory.
Environment, Health and Safety
At Valiant Laboratories, Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) shapes the way we work every day. Our approach is guided by three 
priorities: protecting the environment, safeguarding the health and wellbeing of our people and fostering a safe, secure workplace 
for everyone associated with us. During FY2025-26, we advanced our EHS practices at the Tarapur facility through practical 
initiatives centred on regulatory compliance, operational discipline and measurable outcomes.
Quality Framework
Quality Focus Area Our Approach
Raw Materials Quality checks at procurement
Production Process and quality controls
Testing In-house analytical laboratory
Storage Controlled storage and inventory checks
Certifications and Compliance
ISO 9001:2015 GMP
Manufacturing Facility Manufacture and Export of Bulk Drugs and APIs
We are targeting WHO-GMP compliance by next year as part of our efforts to strengthen manufacturing standards and 
expand our presence. Achieving this milestone will further enhance our readiness to serve customers across global markets.
Environment
We are advancing our 
environmental practices 
through stronger containment 
measures, responsible waste 
management and the efficient 
use of energy and water. 
Alongside these efforts, we are 
expanding green cover around 
our manufacturing facility 
and promoting biodiversity to 
enhance the ecological value of 
the surrounding environment.
Energy & water conservation
Resource conservation and 
drinking water availability
Waste management  
Source segregation and 
authorised disposal
Greening initiatives  
50+ trees planted; 
Miyawaki-style 
green belt planned
Health
We prioritise employee health, safety 
and well-being through accessible 
on-site medical support, preventive 
healthcare and emergency-response 
training. We also ensure continuous 
access to safe drinking water, reinforcing 
a workplace environment focused 
on employee welfare.
Safety
We strive to nurture a safe, zero-harm 
workplace through regular training, 
emergency preparedness and active 
employee participation. Our structured 
safety initiatives embed safe working 
practices into day-to-day operations 
while enhancing our readiness to respond 
effectively to potential emergencies.
On-site medical support
First-aid facilities, stretcher 
and trained responders
Zero-harm performance
Zero LTIs, Medical Treatment 
Cases and fatal accidents
Emergency preparedness
CPR and specialised 
first-aid training 
Emergency preparedness
Mock drills, including electric-
shock response drills
Preventive healthcare
Regular health check-ups and 
updated health records 
Safety training 
Monthly sessions on material 
handling, MSDS, first aid, 
PPE and fire safety
Employee welfare
Continuous access to 
safe drinking water
Safety awareness
Safety Week activities, 
competitions 
and awareness drives
15
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 247 =====
Supply Chain
Building Resilient Networks 
A resilient supply chain is fundamental to operational stability, cost 
competitiveness and business continuity. We are enhancing supply assurance 
through local procurement, backward integration, disciplined inventory 
planning and strategic logistics, reducing our exposure to import dependence 
and global supply disruptions.
Localisation and Backward Integration
We have strengthened the reliability of our raw material ecosystem 
by increasing local procurement and drawing on the Aarti Group’s 
backward integration capabilities. Both key starting materials for 
Paracetamol — Para-Aminophenol and Acetic Anhydride — are now 
manufactured within Group companies, significantly reducing our 
reliance on external suppliers.
This integrated sourcing model improves supply continuity, enables 
faster procurement decisions and enhances our ability to navigate 
changing global market conditions with greater confidence.
Planning for Reliable Supply
Our supply planning approach is designed to ensure material availability while maintaining operational agility and cost 
discipline. By sourcing critical raw materials from trusted local vendors and maintaining well-calibrated inventory levels, 
we are well positioned to sustain uninterrupted production while responding effectively to changing demand patterns.
Our Focus
Majority of our Para-
Aminophenol (PAP) 
requirements are secured 
through integrated and 
localised sourcing
Reliable Sourcing
Critical raw materials 
from dependable local  
sources
Inventory Planning
Maintaining 
appropriate inventory 
levels to support 
production continuity
Supply Risk Management
Reducing exposure to 
import volatility and 
external disruptionsw
Logistics and Connectivity
Our manufacturing facility at Tarapur is strategically located near key logistics infrastructure, enabling the smooth movement of 
raw materials and finished products. This location enhances logistics efficiency and supports timely domestic distribution as well 
as export shipments.
~150 km ~110 km
JNPT (Nhava Sheva) Port Mumbai Office
17
Annual Report 2025-2616
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 248 =====
Environment Social
Stewarding a Sustainable Future Unlocking Potential, Inspiring Change 
We are advancing our environmental performance through practical initiatives 
grounded in regulatory compliance and operational discipline. During 
FY2025-26, our priorities centred on responsible waste management, enhanced 
environmental safeguards and stronger operational controls within our 
manufacturing processes. By integrating environmental considerations into our 
day-to-day operations, we seek to reduce our environmental footprint while 
building a more resource-efficient and resilient business.
At Valiant Laboratories, our social approach is centred on empowering people 
and creating meaningful social impact. We focus on strengthening employee 
capabilities, promoting a safe and inclusive workplace and contributing to the 
well-being and development of the communities around us.
Responsible Waste 
Management
We have installed a Mechanical Vapour 
Recompression (MVR) system along 
with a Reverse Osmosis (RO) plant 
to achieve Zero Liquid Discharge 
(ZLD), enabling efficient treatment and 
recycling of process wastewater. We 
continue to strengthen our responsible 
waste management practices through 
segregation of waste at source and 
compliant disposal of hazardous waste 
and e-waste through authorised vendors.
Building Capabilities, 
Creating Impact
During FY2025-26, employees and 
contract workers participated in 
structured training programmes focused 
on material handling, Material Safety 
Data Sheets (MSDS), personal protective 
equipment (PPE) usage and fire safety. 
These programmes were complemented 
by regular toolbox talks conducted within 
the Production, Maintenance, Stores 
and Quality Control functions, helping 
reinforce safe working practices.
Specialised external programmes, 
including CPR training, enhanced 
technical expertise and emergency 
response preparedness. Senior 
management and Directors also 
attended familiarisation programmes 
on key regulatory and governance 
developments, including the SEBI 
regulations and the Companies Act, 2013, 
strengthening compliance awareness and 
supporting informed leadership.
Energy Efficiency Measures
We have transitioned to LED lighting 
throughout our facilities to reduce energy 
consumption and installed energy meters 
at both departmental and equipment 
levels, enabling continuous monitoring 
and more effective energy management.
During FY2025-26, we also upgraded 
key infrastructure, including replacing 
the processing shed with a permanent 
structure and reorganising pipeline 
layouts to improve process reliability, 
operational safety and overall efficiency.
Diversity, Inclusion and 
Workplace Culture
We are committed to building a safe, 
respectful and inclusive workplace 
supported by equitable people practices 
and equal opportunity principles. During 
the year, POSH (Prevention of Sexual 
Harassment) awareness programmes 
were conducted to strengthen awareness 
and reinforce a culture of dignity, 
mutual respect and accountability 
across the organisation.
Health, Safety and Employee 
Wellbeing
Employee health, safety and wellbeing 
are central to the way we operate. During 
FY2025-26, we recorded zero Lost Time 
Injuries, zero Medical Treatment Cases, 
zero occupational illnesses and no fatal 
accidents, reflecting our disciplined 
approach to workplace safety.
Environmental Awareness
We undertake tree plantation drives 
within our landscaped and greenfield 
areas, complemented by the ongoing 
maintenance of green spaces to enhance 
the ecological value of our site. During 
FY2025-26, we planted more than 50 
trees at our facility and initiated plans 
to develop a dense Miyawaki-style 
green belt, enriching biodiversity while 
contributing to improved local air quality.
Our on-site Occupational Health Centre, 
periodic health check-ups and CPR 
training supported employee wellbeing, 
while a structured safety programme 
comprising monthly training sessions, 
toolbox talks, gate safety inspections, 
a robust work permit system and 
regular mock drills, including an 
electric shock emergency response drill, 
helped embed a strong safety culture 
throughout the organisation.
Community Empowerment
At Valiant Laboratories, we recognise our 
responsibility to contribute meaningfully 
to the communities in which we operate. 
Our community initiatives are guided 
by a commitment to creating long-term 
social value through interventions that 
strengthen public infrastructure, support 
education and promote social welfare. 
Through targeted interventions across 
these areas, we seek to address local 
needs and contribute towards inclusive 
and sustainable community development.
50+
Trees Were Planted Across 
the Facility
19
Annual Report 2025-2618
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 249 =====
Governance
The Foundation of Responsible Growth 
At Valiant Laboratories, we believe strong governance is the foundation of 
sustainable growth and enduring value creation. Guided by the principles of 
transparency, accountability and ethical conduct, our governance approach is 
reinforced by effective Board oversight, robust internal controls, disciplined 
risk management and a comprehensive policy architecture. Through our Board 
committees and well-defined governance practices, we encourage responsible 
decision-making, uphold regulatory compliance and strengthen stakeholder 
confidence while advancing our strategic priorities.
Our Policies and Codes
Board Oversight
Our Board provides direction and 
oversight as the business scales, 
exercising this through its constituted 
committees — the Audit Committee, 
Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee, Risk Management Committee 
and Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee. During FY2025-26, the Board 
reviewed the Company’s performance 
and its capital allocation decisions, 
including the Rights Issue and the 
application of its proceeds towards 
repayment of borrowings.
Internal Controls and 
Compliance
Our internal financial controls are 
documented and embedded within 
business processes, and are tested 
through management review, 
self-assessment, and internal and 
statutory audit. Secretarial audit for 
FY2025-26 was carried out by M/s. 
Mehta & Mehta, Practising Company 
Secretaries, appointed for a five-year 
term commencing FY2025-26. Senior 
management and Directors participated 
in familiarisation programmes during the 
year covering regulatory and governance 
developments, including under the 
SEBI Regulations and the Companies 
Act, 2013, strengthening compliance 
awareness across the organisation.
Risk Management
Our risk management framework, 
overseen by the Risk Management 
Committee, provides for the 
identification, assessment, mitigation 
and monitoring of risks across the 
business. Principal areas under review 
include pricing and competitive 
pressure in the Paracetamol API 
market, raw material price volatility, 
supply chain continuity, regulatory 
compliance and currency exposure. Our 
backward integration within the Aarti 
Group and our deleveraged balance 
sheet both act as structural mitigants 
against these exposures.
Ethics, Transparency and 
Accountability
Ethical conduct is governed by a 
defined policy architecture comprising 
our Whistle Blower Policy and Vigil 
Mechanism, the Code of Conduct 
for the Board of Directors and Senior 
Management, the Code of Conduct for 
Independent Directors, the Policy on 
dealing with Related Party Transactions 
and the Code of Conduct for Prevention 
of Insider Trading. Together these 
establish clear expectations of conduct 
and provide protected channels 
for raising concerns.
Policies
Codes
Policy on 
determination of 
materiality of event
Code of Conduct for prevention of Insider 
Trading in securities of the Company
Cyber  
Security Policy
Policy for 
Determining 
Material Subsidiaries
Terms and  
Conditions 
of appointment of  
Independent  
Directors
Policy on Diversity  
of the Board
Code of Conduct of Board of Directors 
and Senior Management personnel
Human  
Rights Policy
Risk Management 
Policy
Code of Conduct  
of Board of  
Directors and  
Senior Management  
personnel
Preservation  
and Archival
Whistle  
Blower Policy
Policy on dealing  
with Related  
Party Transaction
Code of Conduct for Independent Director
Dividend  
Distribution Policy
Prevention of 
Sexual Harassment  
at Workplace
Nomination  
and Remuneration  
Policy
Policy for 
enquiry in 
case of leak of UPSI
Criteria for  
Board Evaluation
CSR Policy
Code of Conduct 
for prevention of 
Insider Trading in 
securities of the  
Company
Composition of 
Various Committees
Succession Policy
Code of Conduct  
for Independent  
Director
Our Committees
Audit Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Risk Management Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
ChairmanC
MemberM
Mulesh Manilal Savla (C)
Sonal Amit Vira (M)
Ashok Chheda (M)
Shantilal Shivji Vora (M)
Mulesh Manilal Savla (C)
Sonal Amit Vira (M)
Santosh Shantilal Vora (M)
Sonal Amit Vira (C) 
Mulesh Manilal Savla (M) 
Shantilal Shivji Vora (M)
Santosh Vora (C)
Sonal Vira (M)
Mulesh Manilal Savla (M)
Paresh Shah (M)
Mulesh Manilal Savla (C)
Paresh Shashikant Shah (M)
Shantilal Shivji Vora (M)
21
Annual Report 2025-2620
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 250 =====
Our Leadership Team
The Minds Shaping Our Future
MR. CHANDRAKANT V. GOGRI 
Founder
Mr. Chandrakant V. Gogri is the founder of Aarti Industries Limited. Mr. Gogri 
holds a degree in Chemical Engineering from the Institute of Chemical Technology 
(ICT), previously known as the University Department of Chemical Technology 
(UDCT). He has unparalleled expertise in the fields of chemical industry projects, 
operations, process development, and marketing. His ability and aptitude for finance 
assisted the Aarti Group through a crucial expansion period. For his contributions 
to the Indian chemical industry, Mr. Chandrakant V. Gogri received the renowned 
Lala Shriram National Award for Leadership in the Chemical Industry in 2015 
and the ICC’s D.M. Trivedi Lifetime Achievement Award in 2019. In 2022, he was 
honoured with Lifetime Contribution Award at the Chemical and Petrochemical 
Awards by FICCI and Lifetime Achievement Award by GDMA (Gujarat Dyestuff 
Manufacturer Association).
Board of Directors
Mr. Mulesh Savla  
Chairman and Non-Executive 
Independent Director
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Santosh Vora 
Managing Director
Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
Non-Executive Director
Mr. Ashok Cheda 
Non-Executive Independent Director
Mr. Paresh Shah  
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
Mrs. Sonal Vira 
Non-Executive Independent Director
23
Annual Report 2025-2622
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 251 =====
Corporate Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Chairman - Independent Director
Mr. Mulesh Savla
Managing Director
Mr. Santosh Vora
Whole - Time Director &  
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Paresh Shah  
Non – Executive Directors
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
Independent Directors
Mrs. Sonal Vira
Mr. Ashok Chheda
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Mr. Akshay Gangurde
(Appointed w.e.f. July 09, 2025)
Ms. Prajakta Patil
(Resigned w.e.f. June 15, 2025.)
STATUTORY AUDITORS
M/s. Raman S. Shah & Co.
Chartered Accountants
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
M/s Mehta & Mehta
Practicing Company Secretary
BANKERS
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Kotak Mahindra Bank
REGISTRAR & SHARE TRANSFER 
AGENT
MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd.
C 101, Embassy 247 Park, LBS Road, 
Vikhroli (West), 
Mumbai - 400 083, 
Maharashtra.
Tel No: +91 22 49186000 
Fax: +91 22 49186060
REGISTERED OFFICE
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West) Mumbai – 400 080
Ph No: 022-49712001 / 49717220/49717221
CORPORATE OFFICE
701-A, Tower B, Embassy 247 Park, LBS Road, Vikhroli (West),  
Mumbai – 400083. 
CORPORATE IDENTIFICATION 
NUMBER
L24299MH2021PLC365904
Annual Report 2025-26
24


===== PAGE 252 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Economy Overview
Global Economy1
The global economy proved more resilient than expected during 
CY 2025, growing by 3.5%, the same rate as in 2024. Growth 
was supported by resilient private consumption, sustained 
technology investment and accommodative financial conditions, 
even as trade barriers rose and policy uncertainty remained 
elevated. World trade volumes grew 5.0% during the year.
Global headline inflation moderated to 4.1% in CY 2025 from 
5.8% in 2024, as supply chains improved and the cumulative 
effect of monetary tightening worked through prices. That 
disinflation has since stalled.
Outlook 
The outlook for CY 2026 is dominated by two opposing forces. 
The first is the negative supply shock from the outbreak of war in 
the Middle East and the disruption to shipping through the Strait 
of Hormuz. The second is the positive shock from the acceleration 
of the global technology cycle, driven by advances in and 
deployment of artificial intelligence. Global growth is projected 
to slow to 3.0% in 2026 before recovering to 3.4% in 2027.
Commodity prices are the principal channel through which the 
conflict is transmitting to the real economy, and this is directly 
relevant to manufacturers of chemicals and pharmaceutical 
intermediates. Crude oil prices are projected to rise 31.8% in 2026, 
with the average petroleum spot price assumed at approximately 
US$ 89 per barrel against US$ 82 assumed in April 2026. Fertiliser 
prices are projected to rise 26% and food prices 8%. Energy prices 
remain roughly 25% above pre-war levels, and pass-through to 
industrial input, utility and freight costs is expected to persist 
through the year.2
Global headline inflation is now expected to rise from 4.1% in 2025 
to 4.7% in 2026, before easing to 3.9% in 2027. The disinflation 
trend in place since the beginning of 2024 has therefore stalled, 
and monetary policy is expected to be less supportive than 
previously assumed. Risks to the outlook are more balanced 
than earlier in the year but remain tilted to the downside, 
with renewed conflict, trade fragmentation and a correction in 
technology-driven expectations the principal concerns.
CY2025 3.5
CY2026 (P) 3.0
CY2027 (P) 3.4
CY2025 4.5
CY2026 (P) 3.8
CY2027 (P) 4.5
Global GDP Growth Trend
(in %)
Global Economy Advanced Economies Emerging Market and Developing 
Economies
CY2025 1.9
CY2026 (P) 1.7
CY2027 (P) 1.8
P - Projection 
Source: IMF, World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026 (“Global Economy in Crosscurrents of War and Technology”), Table 1
Indian Economy
India maintained its position among the world's fastest-growing 
major economies during FY 2025-26. Growth remained resilient 
despite geopolitical tensions, trade disruptions and commodity 
price volatility. Strong domestic fundamentals, resilient 
consumption, public capital expenditure and improving private 
investment supported economic expansion during the year.
Real GDP grew by 7.7% in FY 2025-26, compared with 7.1% 
in FY 2024-25, reaching H323.12 lakh crore at constant prices. 
Nominal GDP grew 8.9%. Real Gross Value Added increased 
7.9%. These are the Provisional Estimates released by MoSPI on 5 
June 2026 and are compiled on the new national accounts series 
with base year 2022-23, which was introduced in February 2026; 
growth rates are therefore not directly comparable with those 
published under the earlier 2011-12 series.3
Growth was led by the secondary and tertiary sectors, which 
expanded 8.8% and 9.3% respectively at constant prices, while 
the primary sector grew 3.2%. Manufacturing was the standout 
performer at 10.7%, up from 9.3% in the previous year. Trade, 
hotels, transport and communication grew 11.0% and financial, 
real estate and professional services 10.4%.
On the demand side, Private Final Consumption Expenditure and 
Gross Fixed Capital Formation grew 7.7% and 8.2% respectively 
at constant prices, against 5.8% and 6.4% in the previous year. 
Gross fixed capital formation was 32.3% of GDP. The combined 
strength of domestic consumption, capital formation and sectoral 
expansion reinforced macroeconomic stability.
1IMF, World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026 – “Global Economy in Crosscurrents of War and Technology”, Table 1 and Annex Table 1. 
2IMF, World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026, commodity price assumptions (Figure 3) and Table 1. 
3MoSPI, Press Note on Provisional Estimates of Annual Gross Domestic Product for 2025-26, 5 June 2026, Statements 1 and 3.
25
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 253 =====
The pharmaceutical sector remains an important contributor 
to India's manufacturing and export landscape. The Economic 
Survey 2025-26 highlighted the industry's shift towards a value-
driven growth model, led by complex generics, biosimilars 
and innovation-led products. India continues to hold a strong 
position in the global pharmaceutical value chain, supported by 
its manufacturing scale, skilled workforce and established global 
presence. Continued investments in research and development, 
technology and manufacturing capabilities are expected to 
enhance competitiveness and support long-term growth.4
Outlook5
The Indian economy is expected to moderate from the exceptional 
pace of FY 2025-26 while remaining among the fastest-growing 
major economies. At its meeting of 3 to 5 June 2026, the Monetary 
Policy Committee of the Reserve Bank of India kept the policy 
repo rate unchanged at 5.25% with a neutral stance, and revised 
real GDP growth for FY 2026-27 down to 6.6% from 6.9%. The 
International Monetary Fund projects 6.4% for the same year, and 
the Economic Survey 2025-26 placed the range at 6.8% to 7.2%.6
Growth is expected to be supported by resilient private 
consumption, sustained public capital expenditure, healthy 
capacity utilisation and steady credit growth. The Reserve Bank 
has specifically flagged elevated energy prices arising from the 
conflict in West Asia, supply-chain disruptions, rupee pressure 
and the prospect of a below-normal monsoon as the principal 
downside risks.
The Reserve Bank raised its CPI inflation projection for 
FY 2026-27 by 50 basis points to 5.1%, with a quarterly profile 
of 4.2% in Q1, 5.1% in Q2, 5.9% in Q3 and 5.4% in Q4, and core 
inflation at 4.7%. The upward revision reflects higher crude oil 
prices, elevated input costs and supply-side pressures. For a 
manufacturer dependent on power, steam, solvents and freight, 
this points to a higher input-cost environment in FY 2026-27 than 
in the year under review.7
FY 2025 7.1
FY 2026 7.7
FY 2027 (P) 6.6
Indian GDP Growth Trend
(in %)
P - Projected
Source: MoSPI, Press Note on Provisional Estimates of Annual 
GDP for 2025-26, 5 June 2026 (new series, base year 2022-23); RBI, 
Monetary Policy Statement 2026-27, Resolution of the Monetary Policy 
Committee, 5 June 2026
4Press Information Bureau, Government of India, press release on the pharmaceutical sector; Economic Survey 2025-26, Ministry of Finance.
5Reserve Bank of India, Monetary Policy Statement 2026-27, Resolution of the Monetary Policy Committee, meeting held 3 to 5 June 2026.
6IMF, World Economic Outlook Update, July 2026, Annex Table 1 (India, presented on a fiscal year basis).
7Reserve Bank of India, Monetary Policy Statement 2026-27, Resolution of the Monetary Policy Committee, meeting held 3 to 5 June 2026, published 5 June 2026.
8Towards Healthcare, Pharmaceutical Market Sizing. 
Industry Overview
Pharmaceutical Industry
Global8
The global pharmaceutical industry continued to play a pivotal 
role in addressing evolving healthcare needs during 2025. 
Rising healthcare expenditure, increasing prevalence of chronic 
diseases, expanding healthcare access and growing demand for 
advanced therapies supported industry growth across developed 
and emerging markets. 
The global pharmaceutical market was valued at approximately 
US$ 1,772.65 billion in 2025. North America remained the largest 
market, supported by advanced healthcare infrastructure and 
strong research capabilities. Asia-Pacific emerged as one of the 
fastest-growing regions, driven by improving healthcare access, 
rising incomes and increasing health awareness. Conventional 
drugs continued to account for a significant share of the market 
by molecule type. Branded pharmaceuticals also maintained a 
substantial contribution to industry revenues.
Estimates of the size of the global pharmaceutical market differ 
materially according to whether they are measured at list, invoice 
or net prices and whether over-the-counter products are included. 
For reference, the IQVIA Institute — the benchmark most widely 
used within the industry — places global medicine spending 
at approximately US$ 1.6 trillion in 2025 at invoice price levels, 
rising to approximately US$ 2.4 trillion by 2029. The figures 
presented in this section should therefore be read as indicative of 
direction and scale rather than as a definitive measure.
The industry is expected to sustain its growth momentum in the 
coming years. The global pharmaceutical market is projected to 
increase from approximately US$ 1,881.67 billion in 2026 to US$ 
3,219.76 billion by 2035, registering a CAGR of 6.15% during the 
forecast period.
2025 1,772.65
2030 2,389.04
2035 3,219.76
Global Pharmaceutical Industry 
(USD Billion)
Source: Towards Healthcare, Pharmaceutical Market Sizing. 
CAGR: 6.15% (2026-2035)
Annual Report 2025-26
26


===== PAGE 254 =====
Indian9 
The pharmaceutical industry has emerged as one of India's 
most strategically important sectors, contributing significantly 
to healthcare accessibility, manufacturing output and export 
earnings. A strong manufacturing base, extensive formulation 
capabilities and increasing investments in research and 
innovation continue to support the industry's growth. 
India is the third largest producer of drugs by volume and supplies 
approximately 20% of the world's generic medicines by volume. 
The domestic industry is currently estimated at approximately 
US$ 60 billion. Continued focus on product diversification, 
manufacturing excellence and innovation has strengthened 
India's position in the global pharmaceutical value chain.10
The Pharmaceuticals Export Promotion Council of India projects 
that the industry will reach approximately US$ 130 billion by 
2030, implying a compound annual growth rate in excess of 10%. 
The Department of Commerce has set a longer-term trade target 
of one trillion dollars for the sector.
Exports remain a key driver. India's exports of drugs and 
pharmaceuticals stood at US$ 30.47 billion in FY 2024-25, a growth 
of 9.4%, and crossed US$ 31 billion in FY 2025-26, although 
growth moderated to approximately 5% to 6% as demand from 
the United States softened. Formulations and biologicals account 
for approximately 79% of exports by value. Bulk drugs and drug 
intermediates — the segment in which the Company operates — 
are the second largest category at approximately 16% of exports.
India’s pharmaceutical exports
FY 2023-24 27.8
FY 2024-25 30.47
FY 2025-26 Over 31
India’s exports of drugs and pharmaceuticals 
(USD Billion)
Source: IBEF, Pharmaceutical Exports from India; Pharmaceuticals Export 
Promotion Council of India (Pharmexcil). FY 2025-26 figure is provisional.
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) Industry
Global11
Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) form the foundation 
of pharmaceutical manufacturing and serve as the essential 
therapeutic components in medicines. The industry continued 
to expand in 2025, supported by increasing pharmaceutical 
production, rising demand for generic medicines and biologics, 
and the growing role of outsourced manufacturing. The global 
API market was valued at approximately US$ 256.4 billion in 
2025. The industry's strategic importance has increased with 
9IBEF, Pharmaceutical Exports from India. 
10IBEF, Pharmaceutical Industry in India. 
11IMARC Group, Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market Report. 
12CareEdge Ratings, “India’s API Industry expected to grow at a CAGR of 5-7% up to FY28”, March 2026. 
13Mordor Intelligence, India Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Market.
14Department of Pharmaceuticals, Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, Government of India: Production Linked Incentive Scheme for Promotion of Domestic 
Manufacturing of Critical Key Starting Materials, Drug Intermediates and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (outlay H6,940 crore) and Scheme for Promotion of 
Bulk Drug Parks. Project completion and pipeline data per CareEdge Ratings, March 2026.
advances in pharmaceutical research, the development of 
complex therapies and greater emphasis on quality-focused 
manufacturing. These factors continue to strengthen the role of 
APIs within the global healthcare value chain.
The global API market is projected to grow from approximately 
US$ 256.4 billion in 2025 to US$ 376.2 billion by 2034, registering 
a CAGR of 4.22% during 2026-2034.
The compound growth rate cited above is stated by the source for 
the period 2026 to 2034 and does not reconcile exactly with the 
2025 base figure, which is drawn from the same report on a slightly 
different basis. The two should not be compounded together.
Indian12
The Indian Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) industry 
remains a critical part of the country's pharmaceutical ecosystem, 
with an estimated market size of US$ 15 to 16 billion. India 
produces more than 500 APIs and accounts for the largest 
single share of the World Health Organization prequalified list. 
Rising healthcare demand, increasing insurance penetration and 
expanding access to healthcare services continued to support 
industry growth during FY 2025-26.
The adoption of advanced technologies, including data analytics, 
process automation and continuous flow manufacturing, is 
helping improve operational efficiency and manufacturing 
capability. However, India continues to depend on imports for 
approximately 35% of its API requirements by value, with close 
to 70% of those imports sourced from China. Dependence exceeds 
90% for a number of critical APIs and key starting materials. This 
concentration remains the principal structural vulnerability of 
the Indian API industry and the strongest argument for domestic 
capacity addition.13
CareEdge Ratings projects that the Indian API industry will 
grow at a compound annual growth rate of 5% to 7% in FY 2026-
27 and FY 2027-28, driven by favourable government policy, a 
structural shift towards high-potency and complex APIs, rising 
domestic demand and deeper penetration of regulated and 
emerging markets.
Government initiatives are central to this outlook. The Production 
Linked Incentive Scheme for bulk drugs carries an outlay of 
H6,940 crore and the Bulk Drug Parks scheme an outlay of H3,000 
crore. More than 30 projects under these schemes have been 
completed and commissioned, and nearly 80% of ongoing API 
investment projects in India are linked to the bulk drug parks 
initiative, with large facilities under development in Andhra 
Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat. Para-amino phenol, the 
key starting material for Paracetamol, is on the list of key starting 
materials eligible for support under the scheme.14
27
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 255 =====
Separately, the reconfiguration of global pharmaceutical supply 
chains — driven by China-plus-one sourcing strategies and by 
legislative measures in the United States restricting reliance on 
certain Chinese suppliers — has increased enquiry volumes at 
Indian contract manufacturers and API producers. This represents 
a material medium-term opportunity for Indian manufacturers 
with established quality systems and regulatory track records.
A significant trade development occurred during the year. 
On 2 April 2026 the President of the United States issued a 
proclamation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 
1962 imposing an additional ad valorem duty of up to 100% on 
patented pharmaceutical products and their associated active 
pharmaceutical ingredients and key starting materials, taking 
effect from 31 July 2026 for larger companies and 29 September 
2026 for smaller manufacturers. Rates are tiered by country of 
origin and by whether the importer holds a Commerce-approved 
onshoring plan or a most-favoured-nation pricing agreement.15
Generic pharmaceuticals, biosimilars and their associated 
ingredients are expressly excluded from the measure. Paracetamol, 
being an off-patent molecule supplied into generic formulations, 
therefore falls outside its scope at present and the Company has 
no immediate exposure. However, the proclamation requires 
the Secretary of Commerce to advise, within one year, whether 
the tariffs should be extended to generic pharmaceuticals and 
their ingredients. That review, expected by approximately April 
2027, is a genuine forward risk for the Indian API industry and 
is being monitored.
Paracetamol Industry in India16
Paracetamol remains one of the most widely used analgesic and 
antipyretic drugs in India, making it an important component 
of the domestic pharmaceutical market. Its extensive use across 
prescription and over-the-counter (OTC) applications continues 
to support demand. Paracetamol is among the highest-volume 
bulk drugs manufactured in India, and the country is one of the 
largest global producers of Paracetamol API. Its affordability, 
broad therapeutic applicability and widespread availability have 
contributed to sustained demand across households, healthcare 
institutions and retail pharmacies.
The industry continues to benefit from India's expanding 
pharmaceutical manufacturing capabilities and improving 
healthcare infrastructure. Tablet formulations account for 
a significant share of consumption, while capsules and oral 
solutions address diverse patient requirements. Pain and fever 
management remain the dominant segment, followed by cold 
and cough treatment, muscle cramps and other therapeutic 
uses. The growing reach of retail pharmacy networks and digital 
healthcare channels has further improved product accessibility 
across the country.
Paracetamol is manufactured from para-amino phenol, which 
is the principal key starting material and accounts for the 
substantial majority of input cost. A significant proportion of 
India's para-amino phenol requirement has historically been 
imported from China, and the availability and price of this input 
is the single most important determinant of margins for Indian 
Paracetamol manufacturers. 
Imports of Paracetamol from China were subject to anti-
dumping duty for a substantial period from 2001, most recently 
at US$ 787 per tonne, before the definitive duty was terminated 
in 2019. Domestic manufacturers therefore compete directly 
with imported material on price, and domestic realisations track 
international Paracetamol prices closely. This is reflected in 
the Company's own experience over FY 2022-23 to FY 2024-25, 
discussed under Financial Performance below.
Demand for Paracetamol in India is expected to grow broadly 
in line with the wider analgesic and antipyretic segment over 
the medium term, supported by sustained healthcare demand, 
expanding pharmaceutical access and increasing penetration of 
organised retail and digital pharmacy networks. Growth in the 
segment is volume-led rather than price-led.
Continued investments in manufacturing capacity, strengthening 
domestic supply chains, and ongoing improvements in 
healthcare infrastructure are expected to support the industry's 
long-term growth trajectory. In addition, initiatives aimed at 
enhancing domestic pharmaceutical production are expected 
to reinforce India's position as a key manufacturing hub for 
essential medicines.
Source: Grand View Research; IBEF, Indian Chemicals Industry Analysis. 
Chemical Sector
The Company's existing operations are in pharmaceutical API 
industry rather than in chemicals generally. The following 
commentary is included because the diversification being 
pursued through Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
takes the Group into adjacent chemistries, and the commercial 
environment for those products is relevant to that strategy. 
Indian17
India's chemical industry is a key contributor to the country's 
manufacturing ecosystem, supplying critical inputs to sectors 
such as pharmaceuticals, agriculture, construction, automotive 
and consumer goods. Supported by a diversified product 
portfolio and strong domestic demand, the industry is estimated 
at approximately US$ 155-165 billion.
The industry is projected to reach approximately US$ 230-255 
billion by 2030, registering a CAGR of 8-9% over the next five to 
six years. Growth is expected to be driven by rising demand from 
both traditional end-use sectors and emerging industries such as 
semiconductors, electric vehicles, batteries, renewable energy, 
aerospace and defence.
India's chemicals trade deficit, estimated at approximately 
US$ 31 billion in 2025 and concentrated in inorganic chemicals 
(approximately US$ 12 billion) and polymers (approximately 
15Presidential Proclamation of 2 April 2026 under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 and accompanying White House fact sheet; Harmonized Tariff 
Schedule of the United States, Annexes I and IV.
16Directorate General of Trade Remedies and Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs notifications on anti-dumping duty on Paracetamol originating in or 
exported from China PR. 
17McKinsey & Company, “From Challenges to Possibilities: Leading India’s Chemicals Industry Through Global Headwinds”, March 2026. 
Annual Report 2025-26
28


===== PAGE 256 =====
US$ 13 billion), represents a substantial import substitution opportunity and supports the case for domestic capacity expansion and 
deeper integration into global chemical value chains.
Source: McKinsey & Company, “From Challenges to Possibilities: Leading India’s Chemicals Industry Through Global Headwinds”, March 2026.
Specialty Chemical Industry
Indian18
India has emerged as a prominent market for specialty chemicals, supported by the growing sophistication of its manufacturing sector 
and accelerating demand for high-performance chemical solutions. The industry serves a diverse range of end-use sectors, including 
pharmaceuticals, agrochemicals, personal care, construction and automotive. Independent estimates of its size vary according to 
market definition and are set out below.
Estimates of the size and growth of the Indian specialty chemicals market vary considerably between sources according to how the 
market perimeter is defined. Independent estimates place the market at approximately US$ 63 billion to US$ 67 billion in 2024-25, 
growing at between 6% and 9% a year to approximately US$ 89 billion to US$ 95 billion by 2030. IBEF, citing McKinsey, projects the 
Indian chemicals industry as a whole to reach US$ 255 billion by 2030.
Company Overview
Valiant Laboratories Limited is an Indian Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) manufacturer with a specialised focus on Paracetamol 
API. Part of the Aarti Group, the Company traces its origins to 1980, when it commenced operations as Bharat Chemicals, establishing 
a strong foundation in chemical manufacturing. 
Over the years, Valiant Laboratories has expanded its capabilities through focused research and development and transitioned into 
the pharmaceutical sector. It has built a reputation as a reliable supplier of high-quality Paracetamol API, serving domestic and 
international customers with a strong emphasis on quality, consistency, and operational excellence.
The Company operates a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility at Tarapur Industrial Estate, Maharashtra, dedicated to the production 
of Paracetamol API across multiple grades and specifications to meet diverse customer requirements. Its strategic location near key 
logistics infrastructure supports efficient distribution and supply chain management. 
Valiant Laboratories is supported by modern manufacturing equipment, stringent quality standards and a dedicated research and 
development team focused on process improvement and identification of future growth opportunities. With strong manufacturing 
expertise, customer-centric approach and focus on sustainable long-term growth, the Company continues to strengthen its position 
within the pharmaceutical API industry.
Segment-wise and Product-wise Performance
The Company is engaged in the manufacture and sale of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients, principally Paracetamol API. In accordance 
with Ind AS 108 – Operating Segments, the Chief Operating Decision Maker reviews the business as a single operating segment. 
Accordingly, no separate segment disclosure is required or presented. Product-wise revenue is set out below.
18Grand View Research, India Specialty Chemicals Market Size & Outlook. 
29
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 257 =====
Strengths and Opportunities
• Experienced leadership and industry expertise:
 Valiant Laboratories is guided by an experienced leadership team with deep domain 
knowledge across the chemical and pharmaceutical sectors. The promoters’ extensive 
industry experience enables the Company to navigate evolving market dynamics, maintain 
high standards of quality and operational excellence, and pursue sustainable long-term 
growth through informed strategic decision-making.
• Strong domestic sourcing and supply chain resilience:
 The Company's emphasis on domestic sourcing reduces its exposure to global supply 
chain uncertainties and raw material volatility. Strong engagement with local suppliers 
enhances operational reliability, supports consistent product quality and strengthens 
business continuity, while contributing to the domestic manufacturing ecosystem.
• Commitment to research and innovation:
 A strong emphasis on research and development underpins efforts to enhance product 
capabilities, advance new chemistries and unlock future growth opportunities. The 
development of new molecules and technologies through Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Pvt. Ltd. supports portfolio diversification and strengthens long-term value creation. By 
fostering innovation and continuous improvement, the Company remains well positioned 
to address evolving industry requirements and emerging technological trends.
• Strong governance and ethical business practices:
 Ethical conduct, transparency and accountability remain integral to the Company's 
business philosophy. A well-established governance framework supports prudent 
decision-making, operational discipline and long-term stakeholder value creation. These 
principles have contributed to building confidence among customers, business partners 
and investors, reinforcing the Company's position as a trusted and dependable participant 
in the pharmaceutical industry.
STRENGTHS
Annual Report 2025-26
30


===== PAGE 258 =====
• Growing demand for Paracetamol and pharmaceutical APIs:
 Increasing healthcare expenditure, rising prevalence of chronic illnesses and expanding 
access to healthcare services are expected to support sustained demand for pharmaceutical 
products and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs). As a specialised Paracetamol 
API manufacturer, the Company is well positioned to capitalise on growing domestic 
and international demand, strengthening its market presence and supporting future 
business growth.
• Supportive policy environment and domestic manufacturing initiatives:
 Government initiatives aimed at promoting self-reliance in pharmaceutical and chemical 
manufacturing, including support for domestic API production and import substitution, 
present significant opportunities for industry participants. Such initiatives can facilitate 
capacity expansion, strengthen local supply chains and enhance the competitiveness of 
domestic manufacturers in both local and export markets.
• Integrated manufacturing ecosystem and supply chain reliability:
 Complete backward integration through key raw material manufacturing within Group 
companies provides a strategic advantage by reducing dependence on external suppliers 
and mitigating supply chain risks. This integrated structure enhances operational stability, 
improves supply reliability and strengthens customer confidence through consistent 
product availability and quality assurance.
• Innovation and technology-driven growth opportunities:
 Advancements in process automation, advanced analytics, digital manufacturing and 
research-driven product development are creating opportunities to improve operational 
efficiency and strengthen competitiveness. Continued focus on innovation and new 
chemistry development can support diversification initiatives and enable the Company to 
address evolving market requirements more effectively.
• Increasing export opportunities and global supply chain diversification:
 As global pharmaceutical and chemical supply chains continue to diversify, Indian 
manufacturers are gaining greater opportunities to expand their international footprint. 
Supported by manufacturing expertise, quality standards and cost competitiveness, the 
Company is well positioned to leverage emerging export opportunities and strengthen its 
presence in global markets.
OPPORTUNITIES
GROWTH 
STRATEGIES
The Company's strategic priorities for the medium term are:
• Ramp-up of the newly commissioned capacity: 
 The principal near-term driver of consolidated profitability is raising throughput at the 
capacity commissioned during FY 2025-26. Management's focus is on stabilising the 
process, completing customer validations and progressively increasing plant utilisation.
• Diversification beyond Paracetamol: 
 Through Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited, the Company is developing specialty 
chemicals where Our products will find end-use applications in the agrochemical, 
pharmaceutical, dye, pigment, fragrance, food, and polymer industries. 
• Cost and process efficiency: 
 Continued investment in process improvement, solvent recovery, energy efficiency and 
yield enhancement is intended to protect margins in a market where selling prices are 
largely externally determined.
31
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 259 =====
Product-wise revenue from operations
(H In Lakhs)
Particulars Consolidated Standalone 
FY26 FY25 FY26 FY25
Sale of manufactured products 22,929.44 12,971.92 19,760.66 12,969.90
Sale of traded products 517.31 66.28 1,643.59 66.28
Other operating revenue 300.00 300.00 300.00 300.00
Revenue from operations 23,746.75 13,338.20 21,704.25 13,336.18
Sale of manufactured products, which represents the Company's core Paracetamol API business, grew 76.76% on a consolidated 
basis and 52.36% on a standalone basis. The difference between the two reflects the contribution of the capacity commissioned at the 
subsidiary during the year. Traded goods remain an ancillary activity undertaken to service customer requirements and are not a 
strategic focus.
Financial Performance
The financial performance discussed below is presented on a consolidated basis, with standalone results shown separately. The 
Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited, houses the manufacturing capacity commissioned 
during the year and is material to an understanding of the Group's results.
Consolidated results
(H In Lakhs)
Particulars FY26 FY25 Change
Revenue from operations 23,746.75 13,338.20 78.04%
Other income 232.04 543.48 (57.31) %
Total income 23,978.79 13,881.68 72.74%
EBITDA 871.05 75.54 1,053.8%
EBITDA margin (%) 3.67% 0.57% 310 bps
Finance costs 190.25 17.53 985.3%
Depreciation and amortisation 603.98 209.26 188.6%
Profit / (loss) before tax 76.82 (151.26) -
Tax expense 403.61 68.86 486.0%
Profit / (loss) after tax (326.79) (220.12) -
Net worth 31,088.51 23,431.01 32.68%
Gross block (property, plant and equipment) 25,260.78 6,900.57 266.07%
Total borrowings 4,494.87 12,120.46 (62.92) %
Consolidated revenue from operations grew 78.04% to H23,746.75 lakhs. Profit before tax turned positive at H76.82 lakhs, against a loss 
of H(151.26) lakhs in FY 2024-25. The Group nevertheless recorded a loss after tax of H(326.79) lakhs, principally on account of a total tax 
charge of H403.61 lakhs which includes a deferred tax charge of H239.65 lakhs arising on the difference between book and tax written-
down values of the newly capitalised assets. Finance costs and depreciation together increased by H567.45 lakhs as the new facility 
moved from capital work-in-progress into operation; these are fixed costs that will be absorbed only as utilisation rises.
Standalone results
On a standalone basis the Company returned to profitability. Revenue from operations grew 62.75% to H21,704.25 lakhs and profit 
after tax was H554.82 lakhs, against a loss of H(215.02) lakhs in the previous year. The four-year standalone summary is set out below.
(H In Lakhs unless stated otherwise)
Particulars FY26 FY25 FY24 FY23
Revenue from Operations 21,704.25 13,336.18 18,205.24 33,390.95
Revenue Growth (%) 62.75% (26.75)% (45.48)% 14.54%
EBITDA 1,007.09 75.21 127.33 3,995.32
EBITDA Margin (%) 4.64% 0.56% 0.70% 11.97%
Profit Before Tax (PBT) 754.79 (144.78) (75.25) 3,813.64
PBT Margin (%) 3.48% -1.09% -0.41% 11.42%
Profit After Tax (PAT) 554.82 (215.02) 34.03 2,899.83
PAT Margin (%) 2.56% -1.61% 0.19% 8.68%
Capital Employed 32,321.42 29,633.37 29,836.45 16,223.95
Annual Report 2025-26
32


===== PAGE 260 =====
(H In Lakhs unless stated otherwise)
Particulars FY26 FY25 FY24 FY23
Operational Parameters
Top 3 Customers (H lakhs) 3,637.93 2,292.90 2,151.70 6,983.70
Top 5 Customers (H lakhs) 5,085.23 3,363.50 3,288.70 9,895.50
Return on Equity (%) – standalone 2.00% (0.91) % 0.20% 33.73%
Debt to Equity ratio – standalone 0.00 0.14 0.36 0.59
Financial performance in relation to operational 
performance
Between FY 2022-23 and FY 2024-25 standalone revenue 
from operations declined from H33,390.95 lakhs to H13,336.18 
lakhs, a fall of 60.06%. The contraction was a price and spread 
phenomenon rather than a demand phenomenon, driven by 
lower global Paracetamol prices and aggressive import pricing, 
which compressed the spread between selling prices and 
key input costs.
In FY 2025-26 the position reversed, and the recovery was entirely 
volume-led. Sales volumes rose, while average realisation on 
manufactured products declined. The two effects together 
account for the growth in sale of manufactured products. 
Customer concentration reduced during the year. The three 
largest customers accounted for 16.76% of standalone revenue 
from operations against 17.19% in FY 2024-25, and the five largest 
for 23.43% against 25.22%.
Operating leverage. The commissioning of the new facility 
increased consolidated depreciation from H209.26 lakhs to 
H603.98 lakhs and finance costs from H17.53 lakhs to H190.25 lakhs. 
Consolidated profitability is therefore highly geared to utilisation 
of the new capacity: each incremental tonne carries a low marginal 
cost against a largely fixed depreciation and interest base.
Capital deployment. Consolidated capital work-in-progress of 
H15,578.06 lakhs as at 31 March 2025 was substantially capitalised 
during the year, with H16,856.58 lakhs transferred from 
capital work-in-progress into property, plant and equipment. 
Consolidated gross block rose from H6,900.57 lakhs to H25,260.78 
lakhs. Asset turnover, measured as revenue from operations 
to average capital employed, remains low at approximately 
0.69 times and is the principal metric management will seek to 
improve in FY 2026-27.
Working capital. Consolidated inventories increased from 
H398.87 lakhs to H4,542.62 lakhs, principally raw material secured 
to support the ramp-up of the expanded capacity, and trade 
payables increased from H4,071.60 lakhs to H9,402.48 lakhs. Trade 
receivables grew 29.73% against revenue growth of 78.04%, 
representing an improvement in collection efficiency, although 
receivable days remain elevated at approximately 127 days of 
consolidated revenue from operations. Reducing this cycle is a 
stated management priority.
Funding and balance sheet. The Rights Issue of 1,08,62,500 
equity shares at H75 per share (face value H10 and securities 
premium H65), allotted on 11 August 2025, raised H8,146.88 lakhs. 
H7,625.59 lakhs of long-term borrowings were repaid during the 
year, reducing consolidated total borrowings from H12,120.46 
lakhs to H4,494.86 lakhs. Consolidated net worth increased from 
H23,431.01 lakhs to H31,088.51 lakhs.
Key Ratios
Particulars FY26 FY25 % Change Reason for change
Current ratio 3.02 5.69 (46.93%) Increase in inventory & Advance to Supllier 
has led to variance in ratio
Debt Equity ratio 0.00 0.14 (100%) Repayment of borrowings during the year
Debt Service Coverage ratio (0.17) (2,405.29) (99.99%) Repayment of borrowings during the year
Return on Equity ratio 2.00% (0.91%) (319.44%) Increase in Profit has led to variance in ratio
Inventory Turnover ratio 13.91 16.69 (16.63%) Not a significant change.
Trade Receivable Turnover ratio 2.79 2.26 23.43% Not a significant change.
Trade Payable Turnover ratio 5.13 5.86 (12.40%) Not a significant change.
Net Capital Turnover ratio 193.00% 94.86% 103.46% Increase in revenue during the year
Net Profit ratio 2.56% (1.61%) (258.55%) Increase in Profit has led to variance in ratio
Return on Capital Employed 2.43% (0.54%) (549.99%) Increase in Profit has led to variance in ratio
Return on Investment (%) 8.58% 12.32% (43.58%) Redemption of Investment has led to decrease 
in returns.
Interest Coverage Ratio 29.91 (7.26) 511.98% Increase in profit reflects the margin of safety  
a company has for paying interest on its debt
Operating Profit Margin (%) 3.60% (0.95)% 478.95% Due to increase in revenue and profit
33
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 261 =====
Return on Net Worth
On a consolidated basis, return on net worth moved from (0.94) % in FY 2024-25 to (1.05) % in FY 2025-26. The consolidated loss after 
tax increased from H (220.12) lakhs to H (326.79) lakhs, on account of commissioning costs, a full charge of depreciation and finance 
cost on capacity commissioned during the year, and a deferred tax charge of H239.65 lakhs. Consolidated net worth increased from 
H23,431.01 lakhs to H31,088.51 lakhs following the Rights Issue of H8,146.88 lakhs allotted on 11 August 2025.
On a standalone basis, return on net worth improved from (0.92)% in FY 2024-25 to 1.74% in FY 2025-26, with profit after tax of H554.82 
lakhs against a loss of H(215.02) lakhs in the previous year, and net worth of H31,975.87 lakhs.
Risk Management
Risk Impact Mitigation Strategy
Competitive 
intensity and 
pricing pressure
Increased competition and pricing pressures 
may adversely affect profitability and reduce 
the commercial viability of certain products.
Continuous portfolio enhancement, introduction 
of value-added products, cost optimisation 
initiatives and market-focused strategies help 
maintain competitiveness.
Economic and 
geopolitical 
uncertainties
Political instability, economic disruptions 
and macroeconomic volatility may create 
operational and financial uncertainties in 
certain markets.
Regular monitoring of economic and geopolitical 
developments, coupled with prudent financial 
management and customer risk assessment, helps 
mitigate potential impacts.
Regulatory and 
quality compliance 
risks
Non-compliance with applicable quality 
standards and regulatory requirements may 
result in penalties, regulatory actions and 
reputational damage.
Strong quality management systems, periodic 
compliance reviews and continuous process 
improvements support adherence to regulatory 
requirements.
Intellectual property 
and taxation 
disputes
Intellectual property claims, tax-related 
disputes or legal proceedings may affect 
business operations and delay product 
launches.
Comprehensive legal reviews, proactive risk 
assessments and strict adherence to applicable 
laws and regulations help minimise potential 
exposures.
Raw material price 
volatility
Significant fluctuations in raw material prices 
may increase production costs and adversely 
impact profitability and business planning.
Continuous monitoring of raw material markets 
and strategic sourcing initiatives help manage 
price-related risks effectively.
Regulatory approval 
delays
Delays in obtaining product approvals may 
affect market entry timelines, sales growth 
and expansion plans.
Close monitoring of approval processes and timely 
engagement with regulatory authorities support 
efficient resolution of regulatory requirements.
Foreign exchange 
and international 
business risks
Currency fluctuations may impact 
profitability, cash flows and the 
competitiveness of international operations.
Appropriate hedging strategies and prudent 
treasury management practices help mitigate 
foreign exchange-related risks.
Cybersecurity and 
information security 
threats
Cyber incidents may result in financial losses, 
operational disruptions and reputational 
damage.
Continuous strengthening of cybersecurity 
infrastructure, regular system monitoring and 
timely risk mitigation measures help safeguard 
critical business information.
Supply chain 
disruptions
Interruptions in the supply chain may 
affect production schedules, increase costs 
and impact the ability to meet customer 
requirements.
Active supplier engagement, supply chain 
monitoring and development of alternate sourcing 
arrangements help improve supply resilience.
Execution risks in 
major projects
Delays or underperformance in key projects 
may impact financial returns and hinder 
strategic growth initiatives.
Robust project evaluation, continuous progress 
monitoring and disciplined execution controls 
support effective project management.
Quality Control 
Quality remains a key focus area across the Company's operations. 
Robust quality management systems are implemented across 
manufacturing and corporate functions to ensure compliance 
with industry standards.
The Company's quality systems are certified under ISO 
9001:2015 standards, reflecting its commitment to internationally 
recognised quality management practices. The Company also 
holds Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) certification for the 
production and export of bulk drugs and APIs, demonstrating 
adherence to stringent quality and regulatory requirements.
Comprehensive quality assurance processes are integrated 
across the entire manufacturing value chain, from raw material 
procurement to production, storage and dispatch of finished 
products. Each product undergoes rigorous testing through well-
equipped laboratories and advanced analytical systems before 
commercial release.
Annual Report 2025-26
34


===== PAGE 262 =====
This structured approach enables the Company to consistently 
deliver safe, reliable and high-quality products while meeting 
customer expectations and regulatory requirements.
Human Resource
The Company employed 84 permanent employees as at 31 March 
2026, against 79 as at 31 March 2025. Consolidated employee 
benefits expense for the year was H699.82 lakhs, against H438.81 
lakhs in the previous year, the increase reflecting the recruitment 
and deployment of operating, quality and engineering personnel 
for the newly commissioned facility.
The Company regards its people as central to the consistency and 
quality of its output. During the year, employees were engaged 
extensively in the construction, commissioning, validation and 
stabilisation of the new capacity, alongside continuing operations 
at the existing plant. Training was focused on process safety, 
good manufacturing practice, effluent and hazardous waste 
handling, and the operation of the new equipment.
Industrial relations remained cordial throughout the year. There 
were no strikes, lock-outs or material employee disputes, and no 
loss of man-days on account of industrial action. The Company 
maintains a Prevention of Sexual Harassment policy and an 
Internal Complaints Committee constituted under the Sexual 
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013.
Internal Control Systems and Adequacy
The Company has in place strong internal control procedures 
commensurate with its size and operations. The Company 
believes that safeguarding of assets and business efficiency 
can be prolonged by exercising adequate internal controls and 
standardising operational processes. The internal control and 
risk management system is structured and applied in accordance 
with the principles and criteria established in the corporate 
governance code of the organisation. It is an integral part of the 
general organisational structure of the Company and Group 
and involves a range of personnel who act in a coordinated 
manner while executing their respective responsibilities. The 
Board of Directors offers its guidance and strategic supervision 
to the Executive Directors and management, monitoring and 
support committees.
The Company has established an internal financial controls 
framework, including controls over financial reporting, 
commensurate with the nature, size and complexity of its 
operations. These controls are designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting, the 
effectiveness and efficiency of operations, the safeguarding of 
assets and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
The adequacy and operating effectiveness of these controls have 
been reviewed and reported upon by the Statutory Auditors in 
accordance with Section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013.
An independent Internal Auditor is appointed under Section 138 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and carries out audits in accordance 
with a risk-based annual internal audit plan approved by 
the Audit Committee. Internal audit reports, together with 
management's responses and the status of remedial actions, 
are placed before the Audit Committee at its meetings. The 
Audit Committee reviews the adequacy of the internal control 
systems, the internal audit function and the findings of internal 
investigations, and reports to the Board.
Cautionary Statement
The statements made in the Management Discussion and Analysis 
describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates, 
expectations may be “forward-looking statements” within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual 
results could differ from those expressed or implied. Important 
factors that could make a difference to the Company’s operations 
include economic conditions affecting demand-supply and price 
conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the 
Company operates, changes in the government regulations, tax 
laws and other statutes and other incidental factors.
35
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 263 =====
Report of the Board of Directors 
To the Members, 
The Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as “the Board”) are pleased to present the 5 th (Fifth) Annual Report of Valiant 
Laboratories Limited (hereinafter referred to as “the Company” or “VLL”)  on the business and operations of the Company together 
with the Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 (hereinafter referred to as “year under review”).
1. CORPORATE OVERVIEW AND GENERAL INFORMATION
 The Company was originally formed as a partnership firm under Indian Partnership Act, 1932, under the name and style of 
“M/s. Bharat Chemicals”. Subsequently, the partnership firm, M/s. Bharat Chemicals was converted into a public limited 
company under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”) with the name “Valiant 
Laboratories Limited” pursuant to certificate of incorporation dated August 16, 2021, issued by Central Registration Centre, 
Registrar of Companies. 
 On October 06, 2023, the Company successfully completed the IPO process, and the equity shares of the Company are listed on 
the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) and the BSE Limited (“BSE”).
2. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
(H In Lakhs)
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Revenue from Operations 21,704.25 13,336.18 23,746.75 13,338.20
Other Income 289.48 542.81 232.04 543.48
Profit/loss before Depreciation, Finance Costs, 
Exceptional items and Tax Expense
1007.09 75.21 871.05 75.53
Less: Depreciation/ Amortisation/ Impairment 226.19 202.46 603.98 209.26
Profit /loss before Finance Costs, Exceptional items and 
Tax Expense
780.90 (127.25) 267.07 (133.73)
Less: Finance Costs 26.11 17.53 190.25 17.53
Profit /loss before Exceptional items and Tax Expense 754.79 (144.78) 76.82 (151.26)
Add/(less): Exceptional items - - - -
Profit /loss before Tax Expense 754.79 (144.78) 76.82 (151.26)
Less: Tax Expense (Current & Deferred) 199.96 70.24 403.61 68.86
Profit /(loss) for the year (1) 554.82 (215.02) (326.79) (220.12)
Total Comprehensive Income/loss (2) (0.43) (2.26) 0.42 (2.40)
Total (1+2) 554.39 (217.28) (326.37) (222.52)
Retained Earnings as on the closure of Financial Year 5550.55 4,995.74 4661.32 4,988.11
 The Financial Statements for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026 have been prepared in accordance with the 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, including 
the Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS) specified under 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) read 
with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended.
3. COMPANY’S PERFORMANCE/ STATE OF 
AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY
 On a Standalone basis, the Revenue from Operations 
for FY 2025-26 was H21,704.25 Lakhs, higher by 62.75% 
over the previous year’s Revenue from Operations of  
H 13,336.18 Lakhs. The profit after tax (“PAT”) attributable 
to shareholders for FY 2025-26 was H554.82 Lakhs as against 
H (215.02) lakhs for FY 2024-25. 
 On a Consolidated basis, the Revenue from Operations for 
FY 2025-26 was H 23,746.75 Lakhs, higher by 78.04% over 
the previous year’s Revenue from Operations of  
H 13,338.20 Lakhs. The profit after tax (“PAT”) attributable 
to shareholders for FY 2025-26 was H (326.79) Lakhs as 
against H (220.12) Lakhs for FY 2024-25.
 On a Standalone basis, earning per share stood at  
H 1.10(Basic) and H 1.10 (Diluted) in FY 2025-26 as compared to  
H (0.50) (Basic) and H (0.50) (Diluted) in FY 2024-25. 
 On a Consolidated basis, earning per share stood at H (0.65)
(Basic) and H (0.65) (Diluted) in FY 2025-26 as compared to  
H (0.51) (Basic) and H (0.51) (Diluted) in FY 2024-25.
Annual Report 2025-26
36


===== PAGE 264 =====
4. OPERATIONS/ STATE OF COMPANY’S 
AFFAIRS
 Valiant Laboratories Limited is a pharmaceutical 
company focused on manufacturing high-quality Active 
Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), with a strong presence 
in the Paracetamol API segment. The operations/ state of 
the Company’s affairs/ nature of business forms part of 
the Management Discussion and Analysis Report forming 
part of the Annual Report.
5. CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS
 During the year under review, there was no change in the 
nature of business of the Company.
6. SHARE CAPITAL
 Authorized Share Capital
 The Authorized Share Capital of the Company as on March 
31, 2026, is H60,00,00,000 (Rupees Sixty Crore Only) divided 
into 6,00,00,000 Equity Shares of H 10/- each. 
 Paid up and subscribed share capital 
 The paid up and subscribed share capital of the Company as 
on March 31, 2026 is H 54,31,25,000 (Rupees Fifty- Four Crore 
Thirty-One Lakh Twenty-Five Thousand Only) comprising 
of 5,43,12,500 Equity Shares having face value of H10/- each.
 Change during the year
 Rights Issue 
 The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held 
on July 09, 2025, approved the offer and issuance of equity 
shares by way of a Rights Issue for an amount not exceeding 
H 8,146.88 Lakhs.
 Subsequently, the Rights Issue Committee constituted 
by the Board of Directors, in its meeting held on July 15, 
2025, approved the Rights Issue of 1,08,62,500 fully paid-
up Equity Shares of face value of H 10/- each for cash at 
a price of H 75/- per share (including a premium of H 65/- 
per equity share), aggregating up to H 8,146.88 Lakhs, on a 
rights basis to the eligible equity shareholders.
 The Rights Issue shares were offered in the ratio of 1 (one) 
Rights Equity Share for every 4 (four) fully paid-up equity 
shares held by eligible shareholders as on the record date, 
i.e., July 19, 2025. 
 The Rights Issue opened on July 28, 2025, and closed on 
August 08, 2025. Fractional entitlements were disregarded 
while computing the Rights Entitlement.
 Upon successful completion on August 13, 2025, the post-
issue paid-up share capital of the Company stands increased 
to H 54,31,25,000/- (Rupees Fifty-Four Crore Thirty-One 
Lakh Twenty-Five Thousand Only), comprising 5,43,12,500 
Equity Shares of face value of H 10/- each.
7.  STATEMENT ON DEVIATION OR VARIATION 
 In terms of Regulation 32 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Listing Regulations”), a listed entity is required to report 
deviation(s) and variation(s) with respect to funds raised 
through a public issue, rights issue or preferential issue.
 For IPO:
 Post the issue and listing of its equity shares on October 
06, 2023, the Company appointed CARE Ratings Limited, 
a SEBI registered Monitoring Agency, for monitoring the 
utilisation of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offer. The 
Monitoring Agency, in its report for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2024, confirmed that the Company had fully 
utilised the net proceeds of the IPO. There was no deviation 
or variation in the utilisation of the IPO proceeds from the 
objects stated in the Prospectus.
 For Rights Issue:
 During the year under review, the Company issued 
1,08,62,500 equity shares of face value of H10/- each at an 
issue price of H75/- per equity share (including a premium 
of H65/- per equity share), aggregating to H8,146.88 Lakhs, 
on a rights basis, in terms of the Letter of Offer dated July 
15, 2025. The Rights Equity Shares were allotted on August 
11, 2025 and listed on BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited on August 13, 2025.
 For monitoring the utilisation of the proceeds of the Rights 
Issue, the Company appointed India Ratings and Research 
Private Limited, a SEBI registered Monitoring Agency, in 
terms of Regulation 82 of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. 
37
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 265 =====
8. CREDIT RATING
 The Company has been rated by India Ratings and Research vide its letter dated June 25, 2025, for the Company’s banking 
facilities as follows:
Date Nature of facility Rated Limits (millions) Rating
June 25, 2025 Fund-based working capital limits H 550 IND BBB/Stable/IND A2
Non-fund-based working capital limits H 10 IND A2
 The disclosures w.r.t. said credit ratings were filed with the Stock Exchanges and the same is available on the website of the 
Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 The utilisation of the Gross Proceeds of H8,146.88 Lakhs as on March 31, 2026 is set out below:
Sr. No Object as stated in the Letter of 
Offer
Amount earmarked  
(H in Lakhs)
Amount utilised upto 
March 31, 2026 (H in Lakhs)
Unutilised as on March 31, 
2026 (H in Lakhs)
1.  Adjustment of Unsecured Loans 
of Promoter/Promoter Group 
towards Rights Equity Shares 
Application Money
5,800.51 5,800.51 Nil
2. Repayment of outstanding loans 
of existing promoters
139.51 139.51 Nil
3. Capital Expenditure 180.38 127.78 52.61
4. General Corporate Purposes 1,956.48 1982.11 (25.63)
5. Issue Related Expenses 70.00 44.37 25.63
Total 8146.88 8094.27 52.61
 There has been no deviation or variation in the utilisation 
of the Net Proceeds from the objects stated in the Letter 
of Offer, and there has been no change in the objects of 
the Rights Issue.
 Out of the Gross Proceeds of H8146.88 Lakhs, an amount 
of H8094.27 Lakhs was deployed during the year under 
review. The balance of H52.61 Lakhs, earmarked towards 
“Capital Expenditure - Purchase and Installation of new 
HVAC” could not be deployed within Fiscal 2025-26 
as the installation required a shutdown of the plant at 
the manufacturing facility at Tarapur, which had to be 
scheduled so as to minimise disruption to production. 
The shutdown was accordingly taken in June 2026 and the 
installation was completed during that period. Pending 
deployment, the said amount was held in fixed deposits 
with the Company’s bankers, and the interest earned 
thereon was also applied towards the same object.
 In terms of the Letter of Offer, which provided for 
utilisation in the next fiscal year in such an event, the Board 
determined that the said amount be deployed in Fiscal 2026-
27 towards the same object. The amount has since been fully 
deployed in June 2026, and the Monitoring Agency, in its 
report for the quarter ended June 30, 2026, has confirmed 
full utilisation of the net proceeds of the Rights Issue.
Annual Report 2025-26
38


===== PAGE 266 =====
9. DIVIDEND
 With a view to conserve resources for expansion of business, 
the Directors of the Company have considered it prudent 
not to recommend any dividend for the year under review.
 The Company has formulated a Dividend Distribution 
Policy in accordance with Regulation 43A of the Listing 
Regulations and the same is available on the Company’s 
website at www.valiantlabs.in.
10. TRANSFER TO RESERVES
 During the year under review the Company has not 
transferred any amount of profit to the reserves.
11. DETAILS OF HOLDING/ SUBSIDIARY/ 
ASSOCIATE/ JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES
 As on March 31, 2026, the Company has 1 (One) wholly 
owned subsidiary, namely Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (VASPL). 
 In accordance with the provisions of the Act, read with the 
Listing Regulations and the relevant Indian Accounting 
Standards (“Ind AS”), the Board of Directors at its meeting 
held on May 14, 2026, approved the audited standalone and 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 
31, 2026, which forms an integral part of this Annual Report.
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Act, the 
financial statements of the Company, consolidated financial 
statements and separate audited financial statements in 
respect of subsidiary company are available on the website 
of the Company at www.valiantlabs.in. The same shall 
also be sent to the shareholders electronically who request 
for the same by sending e-mail to Company at investor@
valiantlabs.in from their registered e-mail address.
 A statement in Form AOC-1 as required under Section 129 
(3) of the Act, containing salient features of the financial 
statements of the subsidiary company is forming part of 
this Report in Annexure- I.
12. MATERIAL SUBSIDIARY
 In line with the provisions of Regulation 16(1)(c) of the 
Listing Regulations, VASPL falls under the purview of 
a material subsidiary of the Company for FY 2025-26 
and, based on the audited accounts for FY 2025-26, will 
continue to be a material subsidiary for FY 2026-27. The 
Board of Directors of the Company has approved a Policy 
for determining material subsidiaries which is in line with 
the requirements of Listing Regulations. The said Policy is 
available on the Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in. 
13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 The Company has formulated a policy on the Related Party 
Transactions and the same is available on the Company’s 
website at www.valiantlabs.in. 
 All the related party transactions are placed before the 
Audit Committee for their review and approval. Omnibus 
approval is obtained for the transactions which are repetitive 
in nature and for the transactions which are not foreseen 
(subject to financial limit). A statement of all related party 
transactions is presented before the Audit Committee on 
a quarterly basis specifying the nature, value and terms & 
conditions of the transactions. 
 All transactions entered with related parties during 
the Financial Year 2025-26 were in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of the Act, read with the relevant 
rules made thereunder, the Listing Regulations and the 
Company’s policy on related party transactions. 
 Further, particulars of contracts/arrangements entered 
into by the Company with related parties referred to in 
sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Act, which were not at 
arm's length basis or which were material transactions on 
an arm's length basis, as specified under the provisions of 
Section 134(3)(h) of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014, are disclosed in Form AOC-2, 
forming part of this report as Annexure-II.
14. EXTRACT OF ANNUAL RETURN
 The Annual Return of the Company as on March 31, 
2026, in Form MGT-7 in accordance with the provisions 
of Section 92(3) and Section 134 (3) (a) of the Act and Rule 
12 of the Companies (Management and Administration) 
Rules, 2014, is available on the Company’s website at www.
valiantlabs.in. 
15. PARTICULARS OF CONSERVATION OF 
ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO
 Information pursuant to Section 134(3) (m) of the Act read 
with Rule 8(3) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is 
forming part of this report as Annexure- III. 
16. PARTICULARS OF DEPOSITS 
 The Company has not accepted any deposits within the 
meaning of Sections 73 of the Act, read with Rule 2(c) 
of the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modifications or re-enactments 
for the time being in force). Accordingly, there were no 
deposits outstanding as on March 31, 2026. Therefore, the 
requirement to disclose details of deposits which are not 
in compliance with Chapter V of the Act is not applicable 
to the Company.
17. LOANS, GUARANTEES AND INVESTMENTS
 Pursuant to Section 186 of the Act and Schedule V of the 
Listing Regulations, disclosure on particulars relating 
to Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Investments are 
provided as part of the financial statements.
39
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 267 =====
18. BOARD OF DIRECTORS & KEY MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL
 As on March 31, 2026, the Company has 7 (Seven) Directors 
with an optimum combination of Executive and Non- 
Executive Directors including 1 (One) Independent Woman 
Director. The Board comprises of 5 (Five) Non-Executive 
Directors, out of which 3 (Three) are Independent Directors. 
During the year under review, the Board met 6 (Six) times 
on May 20, 2025, July 09, 2025, August 08, 2025, November 
11, 2025, February 11, 2026 and March 07, 2026.
 During the year under review, the Non-Executive 
Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship 
or transactions with the Company, other than sitting fees, 
commission and reimbursement of expenses, if any.
 Retirement by Rotation
 In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act, 
read with provisions contained in the Articles of Association 
of the Company, Mr. Sandeep Gupta (DIN:09245060) shall 
be liable to retire by rotation at the ensuing Annual General 
Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company and, being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment. The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and the Board has recommended 
his re-appointment.
 Pursuant to Regulation 36 of the Listing Regulations read 
with Secretarial Standards- II on General Meetings necessary 
details of Directors appointed on the Board of the Company 
are provided in Annexure- VII to the notice of the AGM.
 Appointments and Resignations
 Appointments
 During the year under review, the following changes took 
place in the composition of the Board of Directors and Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company:
 Mr. Akshay Gangurde (ACS: 70561) was appointed 
as the Company Secretary, Compliance Officer, and 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company with effect 
from July 09, 2025.
 Further, the Board of Directors and its Committees, at their 
respective meeting(s) held on August 10, 2026, approved 
reappointment of:
	 Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN:07633923), Managing director 
of the Company for a further term of five (5) years, with 
effect from February 06, 2027 subject to the approval of 
members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
	 Ms. Sonal Vira (DIN:09505883), Independent 
Director of the Company for a second term of five (5) 
consecutive years, with effect from February 16, 2027 
subject to the approval of members at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting.
 In this regard, the requisite details of Mr. Santosh Vora 
and Ms. Sonal Vira, pursuant to Regulation 36 of the 
Listing Regulations, read with Secretarial Standard–2 on 
General Meetings, are provided in Annexure VII to the 
Notice of the AGM.
 The Company has received the requisite declarations 
from Ms. Sonal Vira confirming that she meets the criteria 
of independence as prescribed under the Act and the 
Listing Regulations.
 Resignations
 Ms. Prajakta Patil (ACS: 53370) resigned from the position 
of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer with effect 
from June 15, 2025, to pursue alternate career opportunity.
 Director(s) Disclosure
 Based on the declarations and confirmations received from 
the Directors, none of the Directors of the Company are 
disqualified from being appointed/ continuing as Directors 
of the Company.
 A certificate of non - disqualification of directors obtained 
from M/s. Mehta & Mehta is provided as Annexure II to 
the Report on Corporate Governance.
 Independent Directors’ Declaration
 The Company has received the necessary declaration 
from each Independent Director stating that they meet the 
criteria of independence as laid out in Section 149(6) and 
149(7) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) and 25(8) of the 
Listing Regulations. The Company has also received from 
them declaration of compliance of Rule 6 (1) & (2) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) 
Rules, 2014, regarding online registration with the ''Indian 
Institute of Corporate Affairs'' at Manesar, for inclusion of 
name in the data bank of Independent Directors. 
 Familiarisation Programme
 The Company has conducted Familiarisation programmes 
for the Independent Directors of the Company covering 
the matters a specified in Regulation 25(7) of the Listing 
Regulations. The details of the training and familiarisation 
programmes conducted by the Company are hosted on the 
Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in.
 Annual Evaluation of Directors, Committees and 
Board
 Pursuant to the provisions of the Act and as per the 
Listing Regulations, the Board of Directors carried out 
annual performance evaluation of its own performance, 
the directors individually as well as the working of 
its committees. 
 The performance of the Board as a whole and of its 
committees was evaluated by the Board through 
structured questionnaire which covered various aspects 
such as the composition and quality, meetings and 
procedures, contribution to Board processes, effectiveness 
of the functions allocated, relationship with management, 
professional development, adequacy, appropriateness and 
timeliness of information etc.
 Taking into consideration the responses received from the 
Individual Directors to the questionnaire, performance of 
the Board and its Committees was evaluated. The Directors 
expressed their satisfaction with the evaluation process.
Annual Report 2025-26
40


===== PAGE 268 =====
 In terms of requirements of Schedule IV of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 1 (One) meeting of 
the Independent Directors was held on February 11, 
2026 to review:
 (i) The performance of non-independent directors and 
the Board as a whole and its committees thereof; 
 (ii) The performance of the Chairperson of the Company, 
taking into account the views of executive directors 
and non- executive directors;
 (iii) To assess the quality, quantity and timeliness 
of the flow of information between the 
Management and the Board.
 Performance evaluation of Independent Directors was done 
by the entire Board, excluding the Independent Director 
being evaluated.
 Statement regarding opinion of the Board with regard 
to integrity, expertise and experience (including the 
proficiency) of the Independent Directors appointed 
during the year: 
 With regard to integrity, expertise and experience 
(including the proficiency) of the Independent Directors 
appointed during the year under review, the Board of 
Directors have taken on record the declarations and 
confirmations submitted by the Independent Directors and 
is of the opinion that each Independent Director is a person 
of integrity and possesses relevant expertise and experience 
and his/her continued association as Director will be of 
immense benefit and in the best interest of the Company.
 Regarding proficiency of the Independent Directors, 
ascertained from the online proficiency self-assessment test 
conducted by the institute, as notified under sub-section 
(1) of section 150 of the Act, the Board of Directors have 
taken on record the information submitted by Independent 
Director that he/she has complied with the applicable laws.
 Key Managerial Personnel
 In accordance with the provisions of Sections 2(51) and 
203 of the Act, read with the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 
2014, the following are the Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company: 
 (i) Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director;
 (ii) Mr. Paresh Shah, Whole-Time Director & Chief 
Financial Officer; 
 (iii) Mr. Akshay Gangurde, Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer (appointed w.e.f. July 09, 2025);
 (iv) Ms. Prajakta Patil, Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer (resigned w.e.f. June 15, 2025)
19. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 The Company has constituted various Board level 
committees in accordance with the requirements of the Act 
and the Listing Regulations. The Board has the following 
committees as under:
	 Audit Committee
	 Nomination and Remuneration Committee
	 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
	 Risk Management Committee
	 Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
	 Rights Issue Committee (dissolved on 
November 11, 2025) 
	 Restructuring Committee (w.e.f. March 07, 2026)
 Details of the Statutory Committees along with composition 
and meetings held during the year under review are 
provided in the Corporate Governance Report forming part 
of this Report.
20. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
 Pursuant to Section 134(3) and 134(5) of the Act, Directors of 
the Company confirm that:
 a. in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable 
accounting standards have been followed along with 
proper explanation relating to material departures; 
 b. the Directors have selected appropriate accounting 
policies and applied them consistently and made 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and 
prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state 
of affairs of the company at the end of the financial 
year and of the profit and loss of the company 
for that period;
 c. the Directors have taken proper and sufficient 
care for the maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of this 
Act for safeguarding the assets of the company 
and for preventing and detecting fraud and other 
irregularities;
 d. the annual accounts have been prepared on a 
going concern basis;
 e. the Directors have laid down proper internal financial 
controls to be followed by the company and that 
such internal financial controls are adequate and are 
operating effectively; and
 f. the Directors have devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable 
laws and that such systems are adequate and are 
operating effectively.
41
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 269 =====
21. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS 
WITH REFERENCE TO THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS
 Internal Financial Controls are an integral part of the risk 
management process which in turn is a part of Corporate 
Governance addressing financial and financial reporting 
risks. The Internal Financial Controls have been documented 
and embedded in the business processes. The Company’s 
approach on Corporate Governance has been detailed in the 
Corporate Governance Report. The Company has deployed 
the principles enunciated therein to ensure adequacy of 
Internal Financial Controls with reference to:
	 Effectiveness and efficiency of operations
	 Reliability of financial reporting
	 Compliance with applicable laws and regulations
	 Prevention and detection of frauds
	 Safeguarding of assets
 The Company has defined policies and standard operating 
procedures for all key business processes to guide business 
operations in an ethical and compliant manner. Compliance 
of these policies is ensured through periodic self-assessment 
as well as internal and statutory audits. The Company has 
robust systems which are an integral part of internal control 
framework. The Company continues to constantly leverage 
technology in enhancing the internal controls.
 The Audit Committee of the Board reviews the internal 
processes, systems and the internal financial controls 
and accordingly, the Directors’ Responsibility Statement 
contains a confirmation as regards adequacy of the 
internal financial controls. Assurances on the effectiveness 
of Internal Financial Controls is obtained through 
management reviews, self-assessment, continuous 
monitoring by functional heads as well as testing of the 
internal financial control systems by the internal auditors 
during the course of their audits. The Company believes 
that these systems provide reasonable assurance that the 
internal financial controls are designed effectively and are 
operating as intended.
 The Statutory Auditor’s Reports on Internal Financial 
Controls as required under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of 
Section 143 of the Act is annexed with the Independent 
Auditors’ Report.
 In the opinion of the Board, there are no elements of risk 
identified which may threaten the existence of the Company.
22. VIGIL MECHANISM/ WHISTLE BLOWER 
POLICY
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 177(9) of the Act read 
with Rule 7 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its 
Powers) Rules, 2014, and in accordance with Regulation 22 
of the Listing Regulations, the Company had adopted ‘Vigil 
Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy’ for Directors, Employees 
and other Stakeholders of the Company to report concerns 
about unethical behaviour. The policy provides a mechanism, 
which ensures adequate safeguards to Employees, Directors 
and other stakeholders from any victimisation on raising 
concerns of any violations of legal or regulatory requirements, 
incorrect or misrepresentation of any, financial statements 
and reports, and so on. The employees of the Company have 
the right/option to report their concern/grievance to the 
Chairman of the Audit Committee.
 During the year under review, the Company has not 
received any complaints.
 The Company is committed to adhere to the highest 
standards of ethical, moral and legal conduct of business 
operations. The Vigil Mechanism/ Whistle Blower Policy is 
available on the Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in.
23. RISK MANAGEMENT
 For the Company, Risk Management is an integral and 
important aspect of Corporate Governance. The Company 
believes that a robust Risk Management Framework 
ensures adequate controls and monitoring mechanisms 
for smooth and efficient running of the business. A 
risk- aware organization is better equipped to maximize 
shareholder value.
 The risk management objectives of the company are: -
	 To safeguard the Company's and its subsidiaries' 
property & interest of all stakeholders.
	 To protect and enhance the corporate governance.
	 To manage risks within a framework & consistently 
achieve desired outcomes.
	 To implement a process to identify potential /
emerging risks.
	 To implement appropriate risk management initiatives, 
controls, incident monitoring, reviews and continuous 
improvement initiatives.
	 To minimize undesirable outcomes arising out of 
potential risks.
	 To align and integrate views of risk across the enterprise.
 To ensure protection of shareholder value through the 
establishment of an integrated Risk Management Framework 
for identifying, assessing, mitigating, monitoring, 
evaluating and reporting of all risks and to continually 
strive towards strengthening the Risk Management 
System through continuous learning and improvement, 
the company, in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
and Listing Regulations, has formulated a risk management 
policy which is available on the website of the company at 
www.valiantlabs.in. 
 Risk management process: -
 The Company’s Risk Management Process encompasses 
the following steps:
1
Risk  
Identification
4
2
5
3
6
Root Cause  
Analysis
Risk  
Scoring
Risk  
Categorisation
Risk  
Mitigation
Risk  
Monitoring &  
Reporting
Annual Report 2025-26
42


===== PAGE 270 =====
24. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
 As the Company does not fall under any of the threshold 
limits given under the provisions of Section 135 of the 
Act, the compliances under CSR are not applicable 
to the Company. 
 The Company’s CSR Policy has been uploaded on 
Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in. 
 The brief terms of reference, particulars of meetings 
held and attendance thereat are mentioned in the 
Corporate Governance Report forming an integral part of 
this Annual Report.
25. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION 
POLICY
 In compliance with the requirements of Act and Rules 
made thereunder, the Company has framed a Nomination 
and Remuneration Policy for its Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel, Functional Heads and other employees 
of the Company.
 Salient Features of the Nomination & Remuneration 
Policy
	 Establishes criteria for appointment, re-appointment 
and removal of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
(KMPs) and Senior Management Personnel.
	 Prescribes qualifications, competencies, experience, 
integrity and independence requirements 
for appointment to the Board and senior 
leadership positions. 
	 Provides for succession planning and promotes Board 
diversity in terms of gender, experience, knowledge 
and perspective. 
	 Lays down a framework for performance evaluation of 
Directors, KMPs and Senior Management Personnel. 
	 Ensures that remuneration is fair, competitive, 
performance-linked and aligned with the Company's 
long-term objectives and business strategy. 
	 Remuneration structure comprises fixed pay, 
performance-linked incentives, stock options, long-
term incentives, retirement benefits and other 
perquisites, as applicable. 
	 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
reviews and recommends remuneration policies, 
Board composition and leadership succession 
matters to the Board. 
	 Provides for periodic review of compensation 
levels with reference to industry benchmarks and 
organizational performance. 
	 Ensures compliance with the Companies Act, 
2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
 The policy is available on the website of the Company at 
www.valiantlabs.in 
26. DISCLOSURES UNDER SEXUAL 
HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE 
(PREVENTION, PROHIBITION & REDRESSAL) 
ACT 2013
 In compliance with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment 
of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013, (“POSH Act”) and Rules framed 
thereunder, the Company has formulated and implemented 
a policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal of 
complaints related to sexual harassment of women 
at the workplace.
 The Company is committed to providing a safe and 
conducive work environment to all its employees and 
associates. All women employees whether permanent, 
temporary or contractual are covered under the above 
policy. The said policy is available on the website of the 
Company for information of all employees at www.
valiantlabs.in. An Internal Complaints Committee has been 
set up in compliance with the POSH Act.
 Details of complaints received during the year under review 
under POSH Act are as under:
 a.  Number of complaints filed during the 
financial year: NIL.
 b. Number of complaints disposed of during the 
financial year: NIL.
 c. Number of complaints pending as on end of the 
financial year: NIL.
27. COMPLIANCE WITH PROVISIONS OF 
MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT, 1961
 Your Company has complied with the provisions of 
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961. 
28. REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND 
EMPLOYEES
 Disclosure comprising particulars with respect to the 
remuneration of directors and employees, as required to 
be disclosed in terms of the provisions of Section 197(12) 
of the Act and Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 
(Appointment and Remuneration Rules, 2014) is given as 
Annexure – IV forming part of this report.
 Further, for the details of employee remuneration as 
required under provisions of Section 197 of the Act read 
with Rule 5(2) & 5(3) of Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the 
members may write to the Company Secretary in this 
regard at investor@valiantlabs.in 
 Remuneration / Commission drawn from Holding / 
Subsidiary Company:
 None of the Directors of the Company have drawn any 
remuneration/commission from the Company’s Holding 
Company/ Subsidiary Companies.
43
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 271 =====
29. BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & 
SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING (BRSR)
 The Listing Regulations stipulate that the top 1000 listed 
companies by market capitalization must include a 
Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report (BRSR) 
in their Annual Report. This requirement aims to 
enhance transparency and accountability regarding the 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) practices of 
these companies. However, the Company is not ranked 
among the top 1000 listed entities for the FY 2025-26. 
Consequently, the company is not required to include the 
BRSR in the Annual Report for this period. However, the 
Company as a good governance practice has disclosed 
certain EHS related initiatives taken by the Company which 
can be referred to under the title Environment, Health and 
Safety (EHS) in clause 30 of this Report.
30. ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY (EHS)
 The Company recognizes the pivotal role of EHS in shaping 
the operations and upholding commitment to sustainability 
and responsible corporate citizenship. This encapsulates 
the key EHS highlights during the year under review, 
underscoring the company’s dedication to fostering a culture 
of excellence in environmental stewardship, employee well-
being, and safety across the chemical industry.
 As part of our continued commitment to sustainability, 
employee well-being, and regulatory compliance, Valiant 
Laboratories Limited has taken several key initiatives under 
the Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) program during 
the Financial Year 2025-26:
 1. Environment 
  a) Process Containment and Environmental 
Safeguards
	 All pipelines connected to the Acetic 
Anhydride storage tank were fitted with 
flange covers/guards, strengthening 
containment and reducing the risk of leaks.
	 Carbon separation was relocated to 
a dedicated, fully covered enclosure, 
improving containment and ambient air 
quality around the operation.
	 The arrangement of old and active pipelines 
across the facility was streamlined to 
prevent incorrect connections and improve 
overall process safety.
	 The temporary shed was replaced with 
a permanent structure to provide better 
structural safety, weather protection and 
long-term operational reliability.
  b) Waste Management
   Waste segregation practices were followed 
across the facility, with hazardous waste and 
e-waste disposed of through authorized vendors 
in accordance with applicable regulations.
  c) Energy and Water Conservation
   The Company continued its energy and water 
conservation initiatives during the year, 
including arrangements to ensure continuous 
availability of drinking water for the workforce 
during interruptions to the regular water supply.
  d) Environmental Awareness and Green Belt 
Development
   50+ trees were planted in the green belt and 
garden areas in and around the facility during 
the year, reinforcing the Company’s commitment 
to long-term ecological balance.
 2. Health 
  a) Occupational Health Centre (OHC)
	 The Occupational Health Centre maintained 
first-aid boxes and stretchers during the 
year, with personnels trained in first aid by 
an authorized first-aid trainer.
	 Periodic health check-ups were conducted, 
first-aid facilities and health records 
were maintained and kept updated, and 
no occupational illness was reported 
during the year.
	 Specialized external training, including CPR 
training, was conducted for employees.
  b) Employee Welfare
   The Company ensured continuous availability 
of drinking water for the workforce, including 
arrangements to safeguard hydration and 
welfare of contract labour during interruptions 
to the water supply.
 3. Safety 
  a) Workplace Safety Training
	 Structured monthly safety training was 
conducted in line with the Safety Training 
Calendar, covering topics including 
Material Handling & MSDS, First Aid, 
PPE usage and health hygiene, general 
workplace safety, and fire extinguisher use.
	 External training sessions, including on fire 
extinguisher and fire hydrant systems, were 
conducted by qualified external trainers.
	 Regular toolbox talks were conducted 
across departments – Production, 
Maintenance, Stores and Quality Control – 
reinforcing day-to-day safety awareness on 
the shop floor.
	 Gate safety checks were conducted  
every month.
Annual Report 2025-26
44


===== PAGE 272 =====
 b) Work Permit System
  A structured work permit system continued to govern 
General, Height, Hot, Confined Space, Hazardous and 
Electrical work, ensuring controlled execution of high-
risk activities across the facility.
 c) Incident and Accident Performance
  The Company maintained Zero Lost Time Injury (LTI) 
and Zero Medical Treatment Case (MTC) during the 
year, with no fatal accidents reported.
  Near-miss incidents and unsafe acts/conditions 
continued to be proactively reported and tracked, 
with corrective and preventive actions implemented 
in each instance.
 d) Emergency Preparedness
  Mock drills were conducted during the year, including 
a plant-wide emergency drill and a dedicated mock 
drill on electric shock emergency response covering 
safe rescue techniques, power isolation and first-aid 
procedures. Reports of the drills conducted were 
submitted to the Directorate of Industrial Safety 
and Health (DISH).
 e) Safety Week
  Safety Week was celebrated with full participation 
from employees and contract workers, comprising fire 
hydrant training, fire extinguisher training, and poster, 
PPE, slogan and quiz competitions, to strengthen the 
Company’s overall safety culture.
 f) Housekeeping
  A facility-wide cleaning drive was carried out jointly 
by staff and contract workers to improve overall 
premises hygiene.
 Valiant Laboratories Limited continues to prioritize 
EHS as an integral part of its operational ethos, striving 
to build a resilient, sustainable, and safe workplace for 
all stakeholders.
31. EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION PLAN (ESOP)
 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the 
Board of Directors, at their respective meetings held on 
January 4, 2023, approved the "Valiant Laboratories – 
Employees Stock Option Plan – 2023" ("the Plan") and 
the grant of Employee Stock Options to employees of the 
Company's subsidiary under the Plan.
 The Plan, together with the proposed grant of stock options 
to employees of the subsidiary company, was subsequently 
approved by the shareholders of the Company at their 
meeting held on January 20, 2023.
 The Plan was approved prior to the Initial Public Offering 
("IPO") of the Company, i.e., at a time when the equity shares 
of the Company were not listed on any recognised stock 
exchange. Pursuant to the listing of the Company's equity 
shares, the Plan has not been listed on the Stock Exchanges 
in terms of the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, and as on the date of this 
Report, no stock options have been granted under the Plan. 
The Company will make appropriate disclosures in terms 
of the applicable regulations at the time of any future grant 
under the Plan.
32. REPORT ON MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION 
AND ANALYSIS 
 The Report on Management Discussion and Analysis, 
pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34 read with Part 
B of Schedule V of Listing Regulations on the operations of 
the Company, as required under the Listing Regulations is 
provided in a separate section and forms an integral part of 
this Annual Report. 
33. REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Report on Corporate Governance, pursuant to the 
provisions of Regulation 34 read with Part C of Schedule 
V of Listing Regulations on the operations of the Company, 
as required under the Listing Regulations forms an integral 
part of this Annual Report.
34. SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS 
PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS
 During the year under review, the Company received an 
Adjudication Order dated December 26, 2025 from the 
Office of the Assistant Commissioner of CGST & Central 
Excise, Division-IV, Navi Mumbai Commissionerate, 
in relation to alleged wrongful availment of Input Tax 
Credit (ITC) on capital goods for FY 2021–22 on account of 
depreciation claimed on the GST component of such capital 
goods. The adjudicating authority confirmed the demand 
towards alleged wrongful availment of ITC amounting to 
approximately H 57.25 lakhs. The Company has filed an 
appeal before the Appellate Authority on March 09, 2026.
 Further, the Company received an Adjudication Order dated 
May 29, 2026, from the Office of the Joint Commissioner, 
CGST & C. Ex., Navi Mumbai Commissionerate, in relation 
to alleged non-payment of GST on a corporate guarantee 
provided to a related party during the FY 2023-24. The 
adjudicating authority confirmed a GST demand of H 18 
Lakhs on the Corporate Guarantee, along with an equal 
penalty of H 18 Lakhs and interest under Section 50(1) of 
the CGST Act, 2017 and the corresponding provisions of 
the SGST Act, 2017. The Company is evaluating all options, 
including filing an appeal against the order before the 
appropriate authority. 
 Further, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, through the 
Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra, vide adjudication 
order dated August 11, 2025, imposed a penalty of H3,45,000 
on the Company and H1,08,000 each on the Managing 
Director, Chief Financial Officer and erstwhile Company 
Secretary under Section 90(11) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Rule 4 of the Companies (Significant 
Beneficial Owners) Rules, 2018 for non-filing of e-Form 
BEN-2. The Company has paid the penalty imposed under 
the said order.
45
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 273 =====
 The Company does not expect these above matters to have 
a material impact on its financial position or operations.
 Except for the above, no material orders were passed by 
any regulators, courts, or tribunals during the year which 
could impact the Company’s going concern status or its 
future operations.
 However, Members’ attention is invited to the statement 
on contingent liabilities provided in the notes to the 
Financial Statements.
35. MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, 
IF ANY, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL 
POSITION OF THE COMPANY WHICH 
OCCURRED BETWEEN THE END OF THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR OF THE COMPANY AND 
THE DATE OF THE REPORT
 There were no material changes or commitments affecting the 
financial position of the Company that occurred between the 
end of the financial year and the date of this Report except that 
the Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 16, 2026, 
approved the evaluation of potential restructuring options 
involving the Company, its holding company, subsidiaries and 
associates, with a view to achieving operational efficiencies, 
organizational alignment and strategic synergies. As on the 
date of this Report, no definitive decision has been taken and 
the evaluation process remains ongoing. 
36. DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR 
ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER THE 
INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 
2016 
 During the year under review, there was no application 
made and proceeding initiated/ pending by any Financial 
and/or Operational Creditors against your Company under 
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (“the Code”). 
Further, there is no application or proceeding pending 
against your Company under the Code.
37. ONE-TIME SETTLEMENT WITH ANY BANK 
OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
 During the year under review, there was no instance of one-
time settlement with any bank or financial institution.
38. TRANSFER OF UNPAID/UNCLAIMED 
DIVIDEND TO INVESTOR EDUCATION AND 
PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
 During the year under review, there was no requirement of 
transferring any unpaid/unclaimed dividend to IEPF.
39. AUDITORS AND REPORT OF THE AUDITORS
 Statutory Auditor
 As per the provisions of Section 139 and 141 of the Act 
and rules made thereunder, the Company at its 3 rd Annual 
General Meeting(“AGM”) held on August 08, 2024, 
approved the appointment of M/s. Raman S. Shah & Co.,  
Chartered Accountants (FRN:111919W) as Statutory 
Auditor for a period of 5 years commencing from the 
conclusion of (3rd AGM) till the conclusion of the (8th AGM) 
to be held in the year of 2028-29.
 The Report of the Auditors is provided in a separate 
section and forms an integral part of this Annual Report. 
The Statutory Auditor’s report does not contain any 
qualification, reservation or adverse remark for the 
year under review.
 During the year under review, there were no instances of 
fraud which requires the Statutory Auditors to report the 
same to the Central Government under Section 143(12) of 
the Act and rules framed thereunder.
 Cost Auditor
 As per the requirements of the Section 148 of the Act read 
with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 
as amended from time to time, the Company is required 
to maintain cost records and accordingly, such accounts 
are prepared and records have been maintained relating to 
Drugs and Pharmaceuticals division.
 The Board of Directors at their meeting held on May 14, 
2026, on the recommendation of Audit Committee, has re-
appointed M/s. Ketki D. Visariya & Co., Cost Accountants, 
(Firm Registration Number: 000362) as the Cost Auditor of 
the Company to audit the cost accounts of the Company’s 
Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Division for the FY 2026-27. 
 As required under the Act, a resolution seeking member’s 
ratification for the remuneration payable to the Cost 
Auditor forms part of the Notice convening the Annual 
General Meeting.
 Secretarial Auditor
 As per the provisions of Section 204 of the Act and rules 
made thereunder, the Company at its 4 th Annual General 
Meeting(“AGM”) held on September 25, 2025, approved the 
appointment of M/s Mehta & Mehta, Practicing Company 
Secretaries (ICSI Firm Registration No. P1996MH007500) 
as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company for a term of 5 
(five) consecutive years, commencing from FY 2025-26 to 
the FY 2029-30.
 The Secretarial Audit Report (MR-3) issued by M/s Mehta 
& Mehta, Practicing Company Secretaries is forming part of 
this report as Annexure- V.
 Further, pursuant to Regulation 24A of Listing Regulations 
read with SEBI Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/
PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024; the Annual 
Secretarial Compliance Report of the Company, issued 
by M/s Mehta & Mehta, Practicing Company Secretaries, 
is also available on the website of the Company at www.
valiantlabs.in. 
 The Secretarial Audit Report and Annual Secretarial 
Compliance Report for FY 2025-26 do not contain any 
qualification, reservation or adverse remark. However, the 
Reports contain the following observation.
Annual Report 2025-26
46


===== PAGE 274 =====
 During the period under review, the Company has complied with 
the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and 
Standards mentioned above, except for delay in prior intimation 
of the Rights Issue Committee Meeting held on July 15, 2025, 
under Regulation 29(1)(d) read with Regulation 29(2) of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, for which notices were received from 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and 
the applicable fine was paid by the Company.
 Management/Board Response: The non-compliance was not 
deliberate and arose due to scheduling constraints, as the Rights 
Issue Committee meeting was held only after receipt of the in-
principle approvals from the Stock Exchanges. The Company 
acted in good faith and paid the fine of H 11,800 each (inclusive of 
GST) imposed by BSE and NSE on 20 August 2025 within the 
prescribed timelines.
 Further, pursuant to Regulation 24A of the Listing 
Regulations, the Secretarial Audit of the Unlisted Indian 
Material Subsidiaries of the Company identified in terms 
of Regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations viz. 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (‘VASPL’) was 
conducted by M/s Mehta & Mehta, Practicing Company 
Secretaries. The Secretarial Audit Report of VASPL is 
annexed to this Report as Annexure V-A.
40. SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
 During the year under review, the Company has complied 
with all the applicable Secretarial Standards issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India and approved by 
the Central Government pursuant to Section 118 of the Act.
41. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
 The Board of directors takes this opportunity to thank 
Company’s employees at all levels for their hard work and 
commitment. The Directors would like to express their 
grateful appreciation for the assistance and support received 
from the Shareholders, Government Authorities, Auditors, 
Financial Institutions, Customers, Employees, Suppliers, 
other business associates and various other stakeholders. 
The Board looks forward for continued support of all these 
partners in the future.
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
Place: Mumbai DIN: 07633923
Date: August 10, 2026
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
47
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 275 =====
Annexure “I” to the Report of the Board of Directors
FORM NO. AOC- 1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries or associate companies or Joint 
ventures
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited – Wholly Owned Subsidiary
Sr. 
No. Particulars Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited 
1 The date since when subsidiary was acquired July 08, 2022
2 Share capital H 3.12 Lakhs
3 Reserves and Surplus H 15,615.30 Lakhs
4 Total Assets H 27,918.32 Lakhs
5 Total Liabilities H 12,299.91 Lakhs
6 Investments H 11.38 Lakhs
7 Turnover H 4,164.86 Lakhs
8 Profit before taxation H (675.73) Lakhs
9 Provision for taxation H 205.88 Lakhs
10 Profit after taxation H (881.61) Lakhs
11 Proposed Dividend NIL
12 Extent of shareholding (in percentage) 100%
1. Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: - NIL
2. Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: - NIL
PART-B
Associates and Joint Ventures
Note: (i) The Company does not have any associate/ joint venture company as on March 31, 2026.
  (ii) Names of the associate or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations - NIL
  (iii) Names of the associate or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year – NIL
For Raman S Shah & Co
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Sd/-
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place: Mumbai
Date: May 14, 2026
Sd/-
Santosh Vora
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Sd/-
Paresh Shah
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Sd/-
Akshay Gangurde
Company Secretary
ICSI M. No.: A70561
Annual Report 2025-26
48


===== PAGE 276 =====
Annexure “II” to the Report of the Board of Directors
FORM NO. AOC- 2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred to in sub-
section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arm’s length transactions under third proviso thereto
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm's length basis: 
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the 
related party 
and nature of 
relationship
Nature of 
contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Salient terms of 
the contracts or 
arrangements or 
transactions including 
the value, if any
Justification for 
entering into 
such contracts or 
arrangements or 
transactions
Date of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
Date on which the 
special resolution 
was passed in general 
meeting as required 
under first proviso to 
section 188
1. Valiant 
Advanced 
Sciences 
Private Limited 
(Wholly 
Owned 
Subsidiary)
Commission 
charged on 
Corporate 
Guarantee
Continuous 
Basis
Valiant Laboratories 
Ltd. has provided a 
Corporate Guarantee 
of H 100 crores for 
credit facilities availed 
by Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private Limited. 
Commission receivable 
for providing Corporate 
Guarantee amounts to  
H 10,000/- per annum.
The commission 
is reasonable 
and justified 
considering the 
wholly owned 
subsidiary 
relationship and 
the strategic and 
financial support 
extended.
February 10, 
2026
None N.A as the transaction 
is not material
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm's length basis:
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the related 
party and nature of 
relationship
Nature of contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Salient terms of the contracts 
or arrangements or transactions 
including the value, if any
Date of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
1. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Sale of goods/services Continuous Basis Contract for Sale of Goods shall be on 
a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 10 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
2. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Purchase of goods/ 
services
Continuous Basis Contract for Purchase of Goods shall be 
on a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 200 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
3. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Investment by Valiant 
Laboratories Limited
One Time To acquire shares in Valiant Advance 
Science Private Limited (WOS) of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited for an 
amount not exceeding H 300 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
4. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Rent Continuous Basis Rent expected to be received by Valiant 
Laboratories Limited from Valiant 
Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
during the financial year 2025-26 for an 
amount not exceeding H 1 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
5. Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary)
Other Reimbursements Continuous Basis Reimbursement on actual cost basis 
during the financial year 2025-26 for an 
amount not exceeding H 2 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
6. Valiant Organics Limited 
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Sale of goods/services Continuous Basis Contract for Sale of Goods shall be on 
a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 50 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
49
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 277 =====
Sr. 
No. 
Name(s) of the related 
party and nature of 
relationship
Nature of contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Duration of 
the contracts/
arrangements/
transactions
Salient terms of the contracts 
or arrangements or transactions 
including the value, if any
Date of 
approval by 
the Board
Amount 
paid as 
advances, 
if any
7. Valiant Organics Limited
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Purchase of goods/ 
services
Continuous Basis Contract for Purchase of Goods shall be 
on a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 300 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
8. Valiant Organics Limited
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Leasing Continuous Basis Leasing of property during the
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 1 crore
May 14, 2024 NIL
9. Valiant Organics Limited
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Commission Continuous Basis Commission expected to be received 
by Valiant Laboratories Limited from 
Valiant Organics Limited during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 1 crore
May 14, 2024 NIL
10. Valiant Organics Limited 
(Ultimate holding 
Company)
Other Services Continuous Basis To avail/render any other service 
during the financial year 2025-26 for an 
amount not exceeding H 1 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
11. Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
(Other Related Company)
Sale of goods/services Continuous Basis Contract for Sale of Goods shall be on 
a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 7 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
12. Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
(Other Related Company)
Purchase of goods/ 
services
Continuous Basis Contract for Purchase of Goods shall be 
on a continuous basis. Monetary value 
of aggregate transactions during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 7 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
13. Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
(Other Related Company)
Rent Continuous Basis Rent expected to be received by 
Valiant Laboratories Limited from 
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited during the 
financial year 2025-26 for an amount not 
exceeding H 5 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
14. Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
(Other Related Company)
Other Reimbursements Continuous Basis Reimbursement on actual cost basis 
during the financial year 2025-26 for an 
amount not exceeding H 10 crore.
May 14, 2024 NIL
For and on behalf of the Board
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953 
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
Annual Report 2025-26
50


===== PAGE 278 =====
Annexure ‘III’ to the Report of the Board of Directors
Conservation of Energy, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo 
Pursuant to Provisions of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 8 (3) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
(A) Conservation of Energy 
 (i) The steps taken or impact on conservation of 
energy 
  The Company continued its efforts towards efficient 
utilisation of energy resources across its manufacturing 
operations. During the year, various energy and 
utility conservation measures were implemented 
and monitored on a regular basis. Continuous 
monitoring of equipment and utilities was carried 
out to optimise energy consumption. The Company 
also continued its water conservation initiatives and 
ensured uninterrupted availability of drinking water 
for its workforce. In addition, the Company continued 
initiatives aimed at reducing carbon emissions and 
improving operational efficiency.
 (ii) The steps taken by the Company for utilizing 
alternate sources of energy
  The Company continued to use energy-efficient LED 
lighting fixtures across its manufacturing facilities and 
offices. The management is also evaluating further 
measures to reduce energy consumption and improve 
environmental performance through sustainable 
operational practices.
 (iii) The capital investment on energy conservation 
equipment.
  During the year under review, the Company 
has not made any capital investment in energy 
conservation equipment. 
(B) Technology Absorption 
 (i) The efforts made towards technology absorption 
  The Company continued to focus on process 
improvements, operational safety and environmental 
management through adoption of improved 
engineering controls and process containment 
measures. During the year, the carbon separation 
activity was shifted to a dedicated enclosed area and 
additional safeguards were implemented on the storage 
pipelines of a key raw material used in the Company's 
manufacturing process, to strengthen process safety and 
operational efficiency. The Company also continued its 
resource circularity initiative, wherein a by-product 
generated during its manufacturing operations is 
transferred to a group company for further processing 
into an intermediate, which is subsequently converted 
into a key raw material used in the Company's own 
manufacturing operations, thereby reducing waste 
generation and supporting the Company's carbon 
emission reduction efforts.
 (ii) The benefits derived like product improvement, 
cost reduction, product development or import 
substitution 
  The process improvement initiatives undertaken by 
the Company contributed towards enhanced process 
safety, improved environmental controls, reduction 
in operational risks and improved workplace 
conditions. The Company also continued to focus on 
reducing carbon emissions and improving operational 
efficiency. The recovery and reuse of process by-
products as a raw material input have further helped 
reduce waste generation and strengthen raw material 
availability for the Company's operations, in addition 
to lowering its carbon footprint. Further, considering 
the installation of MVR and other steam management 
accessories, the company has managed to reduce 
the steam consumption and increase the steam 
condensate recovery, which in turn has contributed in 
reduction of cost.
 (iii) In the case of imported technology (imported 
during the last three years reckoned from the 
beginning of the financial year).
(a) The details of technology imported - NIL
(b) The year of import - NIL
(c) Whether the technology been fully 
absorbed
- NIL
(d) If not fully absorbed, areas where 
absorption has not taken place and the 
reasons thereof
- NIL
 (iv) The expenditure incurred on Research and 
Development
  NIL
(C) Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo 
 Foreign Exchange Earnings – H409.75 Lakhs
 Foreign Exchange Outgo – H5238.61 Lakhs
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
51
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 279 =====
Annexure ‘IV’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
Disclosure pursuant to Section 197 (12) of Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 5 of Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is provided below:
1) The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the 
year 2025-26: 
Name of the Directors Nature of Directorship Ratio
Mr. Santosh Vora Managing Director 8.04:1
Mr. Paresh Shah Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial Officer 4.48:1
Mrs. Sonal Vira Non-Executive Independent Director 0.15:1
Mr. Sandeep Gupta Non-Executive Director 0.07:1
Mr. Shantilal Vora Non-Executive Director 0.18:1
Mr.Ashok Chheda Non-Executive Independent Director 0.11: 1
Mr. Mulesh Savla Non-Executive Independent Director 0.17:1
 Notes: Remuneration paid to above Non-Executive Directors and Non-Executive Independent Directors consists of sitting fees 
paid for attending the Board / Committee meetings and commission paid to Mr. Shantilal Vora as approved by the shareholders 
of the Company in the 4th Annual General Meeting held on September 25, 2025. No other remuneration was paid to Non-Executive 
Directors and Non-Executive Independent Directors during the year.
2) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company 
Secretary, in the financial year 2025-26: 
Name Designation % Increase in 
remuneration
Mr. Santosh Vora Managing Director 125.95%
Mr. Paresh Shah Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial Officer None
Mr. Akshay Gangurde* Company Secretary Not Applicable
Ms. Prajakta Patil** Company Secretary Not Applicable
 *Mr. Akshay Gangurde was appointed as the Company Secretary with effect from July 09, 2025.
 **Ms. Prajakta Patil resigned from the designation of Company Secretary with effect from June 15, 2025.
3) The percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in the financial year 2025-26: 2.37%
4) The number of permanent employees on the rolls of Company as on March 31, 2026: 84 employees.
5) Average percentage increase already made in the salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel in the 
last financial year and its comparison with the percentage increase in the managerial remuneration and justification 
thereof and point out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the managerial remuneration: 
 The average percentage increase in salaries of employees other than the managerial personnel during FY 2025-26 was 12.47%. 
The average percentage increase in remuneration of managerial personnel during FY 2025-26 was 42.24%. The higher increase in 
managerial remuneration was primarily on account of the revision in remuneration of Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director, from 
H12 Lakhs per annum to H27 Lakhs per annum. Such revision was approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting 
held on September 25, 2025. Except for the aforesaid revision, there were no exceptional circumstances warranting any increase 
in managerial remuneration.
6) Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company: 
 It is affirmed that the remuneration paid to Directors, Key Managerial Persons and other employees is as per Remuneration Policy 
of the Company.
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
Annual Report 2025-26
52


===== PAGE 280 =====
Annexure ‘V’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
Form MR 3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
For the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2026
(Pursuant to section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014)
To,
The Members,
Valiant Laboratories Limited
104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080.
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Valiant Laboratories Limited (CIN: 
L24299MH2021PLC365904) (hereinafter called the company). 
Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a 
reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s Books, papers, 
Minute Books, Forms and Returns filed and other records 
maintained by the company and also the information provided by 
the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives 
during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that 
in our opinion, the company has, during the Financial year 
ended 31st March, 2026 complied with the statutory provisions 
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in 
the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the Books, papers, Minute books, Forms, 
Statutory Register and returns filed and other records maintained 
by Company, for the period ended on as stated above to 
the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules 
made thereunder; 
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) 
and the Rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder, to the extent applicable
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules 
and regulations made thereunder, to the extent applicable, 
relating to Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct 
Investment and External Commercial Borrowings;
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
(‘SEBI Act’): -
 a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015; 
 b) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018; to the extent applicable to the Rights Issue of 
equity shares undertaken by the Company during 
the Review Period 
 c) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
 d) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable to the 
Company during the Audit period)
 e) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021; (Not applicable to the Company during 
the Audit period)
 f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and 
Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 
2021; (Not applicable to the Company during 
the Audit period)
 g) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client;
 i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable to 
the Company during the Audit period)
 j) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;
53
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 281 =====
(vi) We have relied on the representation made by the Company 
and its Officers for systems and mechanism formed by the 
Company, commensurate with the size and operations 
of the company to monitor and ensure compliance with 
applicable Laws, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines. 
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses 
of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, and the listing agreements entered into by the 
Company with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited;
During the period under review, the Company has complied with 
the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and 
Standards mentioned above, except for delay in prior intimation 
of the Rights Issue Committee Meeting held on July 15, 2025 
under Regulation 29(1)(d) read with Regulation 29(2) of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, for which notices were received from 
BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and 
the applicable fine was paid by the Company.
We further report that based on review of compliance system 
prevailing in the Company, we are of the opinion that the 
Company has adequate systems and processes in place 
commensurate with its size and nature of operations to monitor 
and ensure compliance with the following laws applicable 
specifically to the Company: 
(a) Drugs & Cosmetics Act, 1940 and rules made thereunder; 
(b) Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985;
(c) The Insecticides Act, 1968; 
(d) Explosives Act, 1884 and Rules made thereunder; 
(e) Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981; 
(f) Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974; 
(g) The Noise (Regulation and Control) Rules, 2000; 
(h) Environment Protection Act, 1986 and other 
environmental laws; 
(i) The Indian Boilers Act, 1923 & The Indian Boilers 
Regulations, 1950; 
(j) Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991; and 
(k) Hazardous & Other Wastes (Management and 
Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016.
We further report that, 
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with 
proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors 
and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the 
Board of Directors that took place during the period under review 
were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act. 
Adequate notice was given to all the Directors to schedule the 
Board Meetings, and agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were sent at least seven days in advance. A system exists for 
seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications 
on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful 
participation at the meetings. 
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings were 
carried through by the consent of the requisite majority of the 
members of the Board or Committee, as the case may be, while 
the dissenting members’ views, if any, were captured and 
recorded as part of the minutes of the meetings of the Board of 
Directors or Committees of the Board, as the case may be. 
We further report that during the F.Y. 2025-26, a separate 
meeting of Independent Directors was held, as per the provisions 
of Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 2013.
We further report that the audited financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended 31 st March, 2026 are subject to the 
qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks, if any, contained 
in the Independent Auditors’ Report.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes 
in the company commensurate with the size and operations of 
the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable 
Laws, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines. 
For Mehta & Mehta,
Company Secretaries
(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)
Partner  CS Monali Bhandari
Date: 10.08.2026  UDIN: A027091H001060673 
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date 
which is annexed as ‘ANNEXURE A’ and forms an integral part 
of this report.
Annual Report 2025-26
54


===== PAGE 282 =====
To,
The Members,
Valiant Laboratories Limited
104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080.
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of 
the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial 
records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
Annexure A’
For Mehta & Mehta,
Company Secretaries
(ICSI Unique Code P1996MH007500)
Partner  CS Monali Bhandari
Date: 10.08.2026  UDIN: A027091H001060673 
55
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 283 =====
Annexure ‘V-A’ to the Report of the Board of Directors 
Form MR-3
 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31st March, 2026
[Pursuant to section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
(CIN: U24290MH2022PTC386388)
109, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund 
(West), Mumbai 400080
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private 
Limited (CIN: U24290MH2022PTC386388) (hereinafter called 
the company) which is a wholly owned material subsidiary of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited. Secretarial Audit was conducted 
in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating 
the corporate conducts/statutory compliances and expressing 
our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s Books, papers, 
Minute Books, Forms and Returns filed and other records 
maintained by the company and also the information provided by 
the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives 
during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that 
in our opinion, the company has, during the Financial year 
ended 31st March, 2026 complied with the statutory provisions 
listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in 
the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the Books, papers, Minute books, Forms, 
Statutory Register and returns filed and other records maintained 
by Company, for the period ended on as stated above to 
the provisions of:
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the Rules 
made thereunder; 
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and 
the Rules made thereunder- Not applicable to the Company
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-
laws framed thereunder; 
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and 
regulations made thereunder to the extent of Foreign Direct 
Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External 
Commercial Borrowings- Not applicable to the Company
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
(‘SEBI Act’)- Not applicable to the Company
 (a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011;
 (b) The Securities Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of 
Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 (c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018;
 (d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021;
 (e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015;
 (f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue 
and Listing of Non- Convertible Securities) 
Regulations, 2021;
 (g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and 
dealing with client;
 (h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting 
of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; and
 (i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback 
of Securities) Regulations, 2018.
We have relied on the representation made by the Company and 
its Officers for systems and mechanism formed by the Company 
commensurate with the size and operations of the company to 
monitor and ensure compliance with applicable Laws, Rules, 
Regulations and Guidelines. 
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses 
of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India.
Annual Report 2025-26
56


===== PAGE 284 =====
(ii) The SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation, 2015, entered into by the Company with BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange India Limited- Not 
applicable to the Company.
During the period under review the Company has complied 
with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, 
Standards, etc. mentioned above.
We further report that based on review of compliance system 
prevailing in the Company, we are of the opinion that the 
Company has adequate systems and processes in place 
commensurate with its size and nature of operations to monitor 
and ensure compliance with the following laws applicable 
specifically to the Company:
(a) Petroleum Act, 1934 and Rules made thereunder;
(b) Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985;
(c) The Indian Boilers Act, 1923 & The Indian Boilers 
Regulations, 1950;
(d) The Chemical Weapons Convention Act, 2000 and the Rules 
made thereunder;
(e) Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981;
(f) Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974;
(g) Hazardous & Other Wastes (Management and 
Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016; and
(h) Public Liability Insurance Act, 1991
(i) Drugs & Cosmetics Act, 1940
We further report that,
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted 
with proper balance of Executive Directors and Non-Executive 
Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel that took place during 
the period under review were carried out in compliance with the 
provisions of the Act.
Adequate notice was given to all Directors to schedule the Board 
Meetings, and agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent 
at least seven days in advance, save and except in cases where 
meetings were convened at shorter notice with the requisite 
consent. A system exists for seeking and obtaining further 
information and clarifications on the agenda items before the 
meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
All decisions were carried unanimously and, accordingly, no 
dissenting views were required to be recorded in the minutes.
The Company being a Private Limited Company, the provisions 
of Section 149 are not applicable to the Company.
We further report that during the audit period, the Company 
has no specific events / actions having a major bearing on the 
Company's affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, 
regulations, guidelines, standards, etc.
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes 
in the company commensurate with the size and operations of 
the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable 
Laws, Rules, Regulations and Guidelines. We do not report 
on Financial Laws like Tax Laws, and Customs Act, Banking, 
Financial Transactions, defaults in repayment of any loan/ debts 
or deposits/ interest thereon, if any as the same is either carried 
out by the Statutory Auditors/ Internal Auditors and other 
designated professional/s.
For Mehta & Mehta,
Unique Code No.: P1996MH007500
Company Secretaries,
CS Monali Bhandari
UDIN: A027091H001060607 
Date: 10.08.2026 Partner
This Report to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed 
as Annexure “A” and forms an integral part of this report.
57
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 285 =====
To,
The Members,
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
(CIN: U24290MH2022PTC386388)
109, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of 
the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial 
records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and 
happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of 
management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the company.
‘Annexure A’
For Mehta & Mehta,
Unique Code No.: P1996MH007500
Company Secretaries,
CS Monali Bhandari
UDIN: A027091H001060607 
Date: 10.08.2026  Partner
Annual Report 2025-26
58


===== PAGE 286 =====
The Company’s Report on Corporate Governance for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2026, is in compliance with the principles 
of Corporate Governance as prescribed in Regulation 34(3) read 
with Schedule V of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (hereinafter referred to as “Listing Regulations”)
1. COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
 Corporate Governance at Valiant Laboratories Limited 
is the cornerstone of our journey towards sustainable 
growth, stakeholder trust, and responsible leadership. 
It is the framework of principles, systems, and practices 
through which our Board of Directors and Management 
ensure accountability, fairness, transparency, and ethical 
conduct across all aspects of the Company's operations and 
stakeholder relationships.
 Our governance approach is deeply rooted in our core 
values — Care, Integrity, and Excellence — and is 
closely aligned with our strategic direction for the year: 
Transforming Potential into Progress, through Advancing 
Capabilities and Accelerating Growth. Just as this reflects 
our commitment to converting strategic investments, 
enhanced manufacturing capabilities, and diversification 
initiatives into tangible business outcomes, our governance 
framework serves as the enabling structure that ensures this 
growth is achieved responsibly, ethically, and sustainably. 
Sound governance is what allows potential to be converted 
into progress — with discipline, accountability, and long-
term stakeholder value at its core.
 We view corporate governance not merely as a regulatory 
requirement, but as a strategic enabler of growth. It drives 
responsible decision-making, strengthens stakeholder 
confidence, and supports sustainable business practices at 
every stage of the Company's expansion. Our governance 
framework spans business strategy, risk management, 
regulatory compliance, and ethical conduct — with an 
unrelenting focus on protecting and enhancing the interests 
of all stakeholders, including employees, investors, 
customers, regulators, partners, and society at large.
 The Board is committed to fostering a culture of openness, 
professionalism, and continuous improvement. We believe 
that good governance, like growth, is a journey rather than a 
destination — one that begins with strong leadership and is 
advanced through consistent effort, introspection, and innovation. 
As the Company builds new capabilities and accelerates its 
growth trajectory, the Board remains focused on ensuring that 
this progress is anchored in the highest standards of governance.
 By upholding robust governance practices, we aim to 
build an institution that translates capability into capacity, 
and capacity into accelerated, sustainable value — for 
the Company, its stakeholders, and the communities in 
which it operates.
II. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 1. The Board of Directors at Valiant Laboratories Limited 
comprises distinguished individuals, who bring with 
them, years of illustrious experience and unparalleled 
knowledge. Your Company’s Board maintains an 
optimal balance of Executive and Non-Executive 
Directors, with Independent Directors constituting 
more than one-third of the Board, which is in line 
with the requirements of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
'Listing Regulations') and Sections 149 and 152 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’).
Report on Corporate Governance 
 As on March 31, 2026, the Board comprises of seven (7) members as follows:
 
Mr. Santosh Vora 
Managing Director 
Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
Non-Executive Director 
Mr. Ashok Chheda 
Non-Executive 
Independent Director 
Ms. Sonal Vira 
Non-Executive  
Independent  
Director 
Mr. Mulesh Savla 
Independent Director,  
Chairman 
Mr. Paresh Shah 
Whole-Time Director and 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
Non-Executive  
Director 
59
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 287 =====
 2. None of the Directors on the Board: 
	 holds directorships in more than ten 
public companies;
	 serves as Director or as Independent Directors in 
more than seven listed entities; 
	 who are the Executive Directors and serve 
as Independent Directors in more than three 
listed entities.
  Necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions 
in other public companies as on March 31, 2026, have 
been made by the Directors.
3. Independent Directors are the Directors as defined 
under Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations 
and Section 149(6) of the Act along with rules framed 
thereunder. In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the Listing 
Regulations, the Independent Directors are not aware 
of any circumstance or situation which exists or could 
be reasonably anticipated that would impair or impact 
their ability to discharge their duties.
 Based on the declarations received from the 
Independent Directors, the Board of Directors has 
confirmed that they meet the criteria of independence 
as mentioned under Section 149(6) of the Act and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and that 
they are independent of the management. 
 Furthermore, none of the Independent Directors have 
resigned during the year under review.
4. 6 (Six) Board Meetings were held during the year under review and the gap between the two meetings did not exceed 120 
(one hundred and twenty) days. All the necessary information including but not limited to those mentioned in Part A of 
Schedule II to the Listing Regulations, were placed before the Board. The said meetings were held on May 20, 2025, July 09, 
2025, August 08, 2025, November 11, 2025, February 11, 2026 and March 07, 2026. The necessary quorum was present for all 
the meetings. The details of Directors’ attendance at Board Meetings held during the year under review and at the last AGM 
are provided herein below:
Date of Meetings
Name of Director
Mr. Mulesh 
Savla
Mr. Santosh 
Vora
Mr. Paresh 
Shah
Mr. Shantilal 
Vora
Mr. Sandeep 
Gupta
Mrs. Sonal 
Vira
Mr. Ashok 
Chheda
Board Meetings
May 20, 2025
July 09, 2025
August 08, 2025
November 11, 2025
February 11, 2026
March 07, 2026
Annual General Meeting
September 25, 2025
  Present Absent
 5. The names and categories of the Directors on the Board of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL), name of other listed entities 
in which the Director holds Directorship and the number of Directorships and Committee Chairmanships/Memberships 
held by them in other public limited companies as on March 31, 2026, are given herein below:
Name of the 
Director and DIN Category
Directorships as on March 31, 2026(1) Shareholding in 
VLL
Number of Committee 
Membership in other 
Companies (excluding 
VLL)(2)
Total no. of 
Directorships 
(excluding VLL)
Directorship held 
in other listed 
companies
No. of 
Shares
% of 
holding Chairman Member
Mr. Santosh Vora 
(DIN: 07633923)
Promoter - 
Managing Director
2 Valiant Organics 
Limited (NED)*
40,73,987 7.50 - -
Mr. Paresh Shah 
(DIN: 08291953)
Promoter Group 
- Whole-Time 
Director & Chief 
Financial Officer
1 None 50,84,612 9.36 - -
Annual Report 2025-26
60


===== PAGE 288 =====
Name of the 
Director and DIN Category
Directorships as on March 31, 2026(1) Shareholding in 
VLL
Number of Committee 
Membership in other 
Companies (excluding 
VLL)(2)
Total no. of 
Directorships 
(excluding VLL)
Directorship held 
in other listed 
companies
No. of 
Shares
% of 
holding Chairman Member
Mr. Shantilal Vora 
(DIN: 07633852)
Promoter - Non – 
Executive Director
- - 40,73,987 7.50 - -
Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
(DIN: 09245060)
Non – Executive 
Director
- - 0.00 0.00 - -
Mrs. Sonal Vira 
(DIN: 09505883)
Non - Executive 
Independent 
Director
2 Valiant Organics 
Limited (ID)*
0.00 0.00 - 1
Mr. Mulesh Savla 
(DIN: 07474847)
Chairman & 
Non - Executive 
Independent 
Director
1 Aarti Surfactants 
Limited (ID)*
0.00 0.00 1 1
Mr. Ashok Chheda 
(DIN: 10776571)
Non – Executive 
Independent 
Director
- - 0.00 0.00 - -
  * ID – (Non–Executive Independent Director); NED – (Non–Executive Non–Independent Director)
(1) Other directorships do not include directorships of private limited companies (except deemed public companies), foreign companies and 
companies registered under Section 8 of the Act. Further, none of them is a member of more than ten committees or chairman of more than five 
committees across all the public limited companies in which he/she is a director. 
(2) For determination of limit of the Board Committees, chairpersonship and membership of the Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee has been considered as per Regulation 26(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations. Furthermore, to avoid repetition in counting the number 
of chairman and members of the Committees, directors who serve as chairman are not counted as members, and vice versa.
 6. None of the Directors are related to other Directors and the Key Managerial Personnel of the Company except Mr. Santosh 
Vora – Managing Director who is the son of Mr. Shantilal Vora, Non-Executive Director.
 7. During the year, 1 (One) meeting of the Independent Directors was held on February 11, 2026. The Independent Directors, 
inter alia, reviewed the performance of Non-Independent Directors, Board as a whole and Chairman of the Company, 
considering the views of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors.
 8. During FY 2025 - 26, information as mentioned in Part A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations, were placed before the 
Board for its consideration.
 9. The Board periodically reviews the compliance reports of all laws applicable to the Company.
 10. Senior Management:
  
Mr. Paresh Shah 
Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Akshay Gangurde  
Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer (Appointed with effect 
from July 09, 2025)
Mr. Nilesh Patil 
Analytical Head
Mr. Bhupendra Raul 
 QA Manager
Mr. Bhanudas Patil 
QC Manager (Resigned with 
effect fromApril 22, 2026.)
Mr. Shivaji Katkar 
Plant Manager
Ms. Meghana Wasnik 
R & D Head
Ms. Kiran Mudaliar 
Manager – Accounts
Ms. Prajakta Patil 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer (Resigned 
with effect from June 15, 2025) 
61
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 289 =====
 11. Familiarisation Programme: 
  The Company conducts familiarisation programmes 
for its Independent Directors and other Directors 
which, inter alia, includes the following: 
a. Presentations on the business performance of 
the Company are made at the Board Meetings 
to familiarize the Independent Directors with 
the strategy, operations and functions of the 
Company. The programme aims to provide 
insights into the Company to enable the 
Independent Directors to be able to take well-
informed timely decisions and contribute 
significantly to the performance of Company. 
b. Each director of the Company has access to any 
information relating to the Company.
c. Information on any change and new 
development regarding relevant regulatory 
requirement such as Listing Regulations and the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
d. Familiarisation programmes are proposed to 
be conducted on need basis during the term of 
the directors. 
e. The Board members are made aware about the 
compliances applicable to the Company. 
f. Freedom to interact with the Company’s 
management during the Board/ Committee of 
Directors’ meetings or otherwise. 
g. Need based training is provided on 
various matters. 
The Board members are encouraged to advise the 
Company to adopt further programmes for their 
familiarization with the Company.
In the Board meetings, all discussions on performance 
review of the businesses are preceded by a recap on the 
strategic direction adopted for the business, which provides 
good insights on the path forward for the businesses 
carried on by the Company to the Independent Directors 
and the other Non-Executive Directors on the Board.
Details of familiarisation programmes imparted 
to Independent Directors are disclosed on the 
Company’s website at https://www.valiantlabs.in/
assets/images/investors/details-of-familiarization-
programme-2025-26.pdf. 
  Directors Competence/ Skills/Expertise:
  The Company is engaged in the manufacturing of 
Pharmaceuticals API. The table below summarises 
the broad list of core skills / expertise / competencies 
identified by the Board of Directors, as required in the 
context of the Company’s business / sector and the 
said skills are available with the Board members:
List of core skills/expertise/competencies identified 
by the Board of Directors as required in the context 
of the business and sector. 
  
Industry Experience
Experience in Chemical and Pharmaceutical  
industry
Operations, Technology, Sales and 
Marketing
Experience in sales and marketing management 
based on understanding of the consumer and 
consumer goods industry
Leadership
Extensive leadership experience of an 
organisation for practical understanding of the 
organisation, its processes, strategic planning, 
risk management for driving change and 
long-term growth
Understanding of Global Business
Given the Company’s export operations 
and imported raw material sourcing, 
an understanding of global markets is 
seen as pivotal
Finance and Banking
Finance field skills/competencies/ expertise 
is seen as important for intricate and high 
quality financial management and financial 
reporting processes
Legal/Governance/ Compliance
In order to strengthen and maintain 
the governance levels and practices in 
the organisation
Annual Report 2025-26
62


===== PAGE 290 =====
Name of Director Industry 
Experience
Operations, 
Technology, Sales 
and Marketing
Leadership Understanding of 
Global Business 
Finance and 
Banking
Legal/
Governance/ 
Compliance
Mr. Ashok Chheda - - -
Mr. Santosh Vora
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Shantilal Vora -
Mr. Sandeep Gupta - -
Mrs. Sonal Vira - - - -
Mr. Mulesh Savla -
III. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 The Committees of the Board focus on certain specific areas 
and make informed decisions within the delegated authority. 
Each Committee of the Board, whether mandatorily 
required to be constituted or otherwise, functions according 
to its scope that defines its composition, power and role in 
accordance with the Act and the Listing Regulations. The 
Company has 5 (Five) Statutory Committees of the Board, 
namely, Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee, 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and Risk 
Management Committee. The recommendations of the 
Committees are submitted to the Board for approval. 
 During the year, all the recommendations of the Committees 
were accepted by the Board.
 The Company’s guidelines relating to the Board meetings 
are applicable to the Committee meetings. The composition 
and terms of reference of all the Committees are in 
compliance with the Act and the Listing Regulations, as 
applicable. Each Committee has the authority to engage 
outside experts, advisors and counsels to the extent it 
considers appropriate to assist in its functioning. Minutes 
of the proceedings of Committee meetings are circulated to 
the respective Committee members and also placed before 
the Board for its noting. 
 1. AUDIT COMMITTEE
  The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 
(‘‘the AC’’) is entrusted with the responsibility of 
supervising the Company’s financial reporting process 
and internal controls. The composition, quorum, 
powers, role and scope are in accordance with Section 
177 of the Act and the provisions of Regulation 18 read 
with Part C of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. 
  Terms of Reference:
1. Oversight of the listed entity’s financial reporting 
process and the disclosure of its financial 
information to ensure that the financial statement 
is correct, sufficient and credible; 
2. Recommendation for appointment, remuneration 
and terms of appointment of auditors of the 
listed entity; 
3. Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any 
other services rendered by the statutory auditors; 
4. Reviewing, with the management, the annual 
financial statements and auditor’s report thereon 
before submission to the board for approval, 
with particular reference to: 
a. Matters required to be included in the 
director’s responsibility statement to be 
included in the board’s report in terms 
of clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 
134 of the Act;
b. Changes, if any, in accounting policies and 
practices and reasons for the same; 
c. Major accounting entries involving 
estimates based on the exercise of judgment 
by management; 
d. Significant adjustments made in the 
financial statements arising out of 
audit findings; 
e. Compliance with listing and other 
legal requirements relating to 
financial statements; 
f. Disclosure of any related party transactions; 
g. Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report; 
5. Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly 
financial statements before submission to the 
board for approval; 
6. Reviewing, with the management, the statement 
of uses / application of funds raised through 
an issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential 
issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for 
purposes other than those stated in the offer 
document / prospectus / notice and the report 
submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring 
the utilisation of proceeds of a public issue or 
rights issue or preferential issue or qualified 
institutions placement, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the board to take up steps 
in this matter; 
7. Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s 
independence and performance, and 
effectiveness of audit process; 
63
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 291 =====
8. Approval or any subsequent modification 
of transactions of the listed entity with 
related parties; 
9. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments; 
10. Valuation of undertakings or assets of the listed 
entity, wherever it is necessary; 
11. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk 
management systems; 
12. Reviewing, with the management, performance 
of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of 
the internal control systems; 
13. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit 
function, if any, including the structure of 
the internal audit department, staffing and 
seniority of the official heading the department, 
reporting structure coverage and frequency of 
internal audit; 
14. Discussion with internal auditors of any 
significant findings and follow up there on; 
15. Reviewing the findings of any internal 
investigations by the internal auditors into 
matters where there is suspected fraud or 
irregularity or a failure of internal control 
systems of a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the board; 
16. Discussion with statutory auditors before the 
audit commences, about the nature and scope of 
audit as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain 
any area of concern; 
17. To look into the reasons for substantial defaults 
in the payment to the depositors, debenture 
holders, shareholders (in case of non-payment of 
declared dividends) and creditors; 
18. To review the functioning of the whistle 
blower mechanism; 
19. Approval of appointment of chief financial officer 
after assessing the qualifications, experience and 
background, etc. of the candidate; 
20. Carrying out any other function as is mentioned 
in the terms of reference of the audit committee;
21. Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or 
advances from/investment by the holding 
company in the subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 
crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, 
whichever is lower including existing loans / 
advances / investments and ;
22. Consider and comment on rationale, cost-
benefits and impact of schemes involving 
merger, demerger, amalgamation etc., on the 
listed entity and its shareholders.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, the AC comprises of 4 (Four) 
members of which 3 (Three) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. The Company Secretary 
of the Company acted as the Secretary to the 
Audit Committee. 
  All members of the AC are financially literate and 
bring in expertise in the fields of Finance, Taxation, 
Economics, Risk and International Finance. It 
functions in accordance with its charter that defines its 
authority, responsibility, and reporting function.
  The Chief Financial Officer, Functional Heads, 
Representatives of the Statutory Auditors, Internal 
Auditors, Cost Auditor, as and when required, 
attended the meetings of the Audit Committee 
from time to time.
  4 (Four) AC Meetings were held during the year 
under review and the gap between the two meetings 
did not exceed one hundred and twenty days. The 
necessary quorum was present for all the meetings. 
The Chairperson of the Audit Committee attended the 
AGM held on September 25, 2025.
  The dates of the meetings and attendance of AC members in the said meetings are given below:–
Date of Meetings Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Ashok Chheda 
(refer note)
Category Chairperson Member Member Member
May 20, 2025 NA
August 08, 2025
November 11, 2025
February 11, 2026
  Note: The Board of Directors at their meeting held on May 20, 2025, re-constituted the Committees of the Board. Mr. Ashok 
Chheda has been inducted as the Member of the Audit Committee.
Annual Report 2025-26
64


===== PAGE 292 =====
2. NOMINATION & REMUNERATION 
COMMITTEE
  The Nomination & Remuneration Committee of the 
Board of Directors (‘‘the NRC’’) is entrusted with the 
responsibility of creating a high-performance culture; 
attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve 
results. The composition, quorum, powers, role and 
scope are in accordance with Section 178 of the Act 
and the provisions of Regulation 19 read with Part D 
Para A of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. 
  Terms of Reference
1. Formulation of the criteria for determining 
qualifications, positive attributes and 
independence of a director and recommend to 
the board of directors a policy relating to, the 
remuneration of the directors, key managerial 
personnel and other employees; 
2. For every appointment of an Independent 
Director, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills, 
knowledge and experience on the Board and on 
the basis of such evaluation, prepare a description 
of the role and capabilities required of an 
Independent Director. The person recommended 
to the Board for appointment as an Independent 
Director shall have the capabilities identified in 
such description. For the purpose of identifying 
suitable candidates, the Committee may: 
i. Use the services of an external 
agencies, if required; 
ii. Consider candidates from a wide range 
of backgrounds, having due regard to 
diversity; and 
iii. Consider the time commitments of 
the candidates.
3. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of 
performance of Independent Directors and the 
board of directors; 
4. Devising a policy on diversity of board of directors; 
5. Identifying persons who are qualified to become 
directors and who may be appointed in senior 
management in accordance with the criteria laid 
down, and recommend to the board of directors 
their appointment and removal;
6. Whether to extend or continue the term of 
appointment of the Independent Director, on the 
basis of the report of performance evaluation of 
Independent Directors ; and 
7. Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in 
whatever form, payable to senior management.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, the NRC comprises of 3 
(Three) members of which 2 (Two) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. 
  4 (Four) NRC meetings were held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for all the meetings. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  The date of the meetings and attendance of NRC members in the said meeting are given below:
Date of Meeting Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Mulesh Savla Mr. Shantilal Vora
Category Chairperson Member Member
May 20, 2025
July 09, 2025
August 08, 2025
February 11, 2026
  Performance Evaluation 
  In terms of the requirements of the Act read with 
Regulations 17 and 25 of the Listing Regulations, 
an annual performance evaluation of the Board is 
undertaken where the Board formally assesses its own 
performance with an aim to improve the effectiveness 
of the Board and its Committees.
  The Company has a structured assessment process for 
evaluation of performance of the Board, its committees 
and individual performance of each Director including 
the Chairman of the Board.
  The evaluations are carried out in a confidential 
manner, and the Directors provide their feedback by 
rating based on various parameters.
  The Independent Directors at their separate meeting 
reviewed the performance of: 
  a. Non-Independent Directors and the 
Board as a whole; 
  b. The Chairman of the Board after considering the 
views of other Directors;
  c. Succession planning ; and 
65
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 293 =====
  d. Quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company management and the Board that is 
necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform their duties.
  During the year under review, questionnaires were circulated to the members of the Board and respective committees 
soliciting their feedback on the performance of the Board, its committees and individual Directors for the FY 2025-26.
  The overall performance evaluation exercise was performed to the satisfaction of the Board.
Evaluated by
Evaluation of
Board Committees Non-Independent 
Directors
Independent 
Directors Chairman
Independent Director
Board of Directors
Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee
  Remuneration Policy 
  The Company has in place a Nomination and Remuneration Policy (NRC Policy) formulated as per the provisions of the 
Act and the Listing Regulations. The Policy outlines the role of NRC and the Board, inter alia, determining the criteria for 
Board membership, approving, and recommending compensation and policies for Directors and Senior Management and 
lay down the effective manner of performance evaluation of the Board, its committees, and the Directors. The NRC Policy is 
available on the Company’s website viz. www.valiantlabs.in.
  Remuneration to Directors/KMP/SMP/Other Employees: 
	 Non-Executive Directors/Independent Directors
   Non-Executive Directors/Independent Directors are presently receiving sitting fees (including reimbursement of 
expenses, if any) for attending the meeting of the Board and its Committees as per the provisions of the Act and the 
rules made thereunder. No Stock options have been given to the Non-Executive Directors during the year. 
   The details of the sitting fees paid to the Non - Executive Directors as on March 31, 2026, are as under:
(H In Lakhs)
Name of Directors Mr. Ashok 
Chheda
Mr. Shantilal 
Vora
Mr. Sandeep 
Gupta
Mrs. Sonal 
Vira
Mr. Mulesh 
Savla
Board Meetings 0.300 0.300 0.250 0.250 0.300
Committee Meetings 0.075 0.200 0.000 0.250 0.275
Total 0.375 0.500 0.250 0.500 0.575
Note: The Company does not have material pecuniary relationship or transactions with its Non-Executive/Independent Directors except the 
payment of sitting fees for attending the meetings of Board / Committees, as disclosed in this Report.
Mr. Shantitlal Vora, Non-Executive Director of the Company recieved a commission of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company for Financial Year 2025-26 amounting to Rs. 11,447.75/- as approved by the members of the Company in the 4 th Annual General 
Meeting held on September 25, 2025.
   Further, the Board of Directors, Audit Committee 
and Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
at their respective meetings held on August 10, 
2026, approved the payment of remuneration by 
way of commission to:
	 Mr. Shantilal Vora – Non-Executive 
Director of the Company, for the Financial 
Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.5% of the 
annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of 
the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company 
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
	 Mr. Sandeep Gupta – Non-Executive 
Director of the Company, for the Financial 
Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.5% of the 
annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of 
the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company 
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
	 Mr. Mulesh Savla – Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company, for 
the Financial Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.5% 
of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of 
the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company 
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
	 Mr. Ashok Chheda – Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company, for 
the Financial Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.25% 
of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Annual Report 2025-26
66


===== PAGE 294 =====
	 Mrs. Sonal Vira – Non-Executive 
Independent Director of the Company, for 
the Financial Year 2026-27 at the rate of 0.25% 
of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013), subject to the 
approval of the members of the Company at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting.
Criteria of making payments to Non-Executive 
Directors / Independent Directors
	 The Non-Executive Directors/ Independent 
Directors may receive remuneration by way of 
fees for attending meetings of Board or Committee 
thereof. Provided that the amount of such fees shall 
not exceed the maximum amount per meeting of 
the Board or Committee as may be prescribed 
under the law prevailing from time to time.
	 The Board upon the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, shall 
review the Sitting Fees, from time to time, subject 
to the limits, as specified under the Companies 
Act, 2013 or rules made thereunder.
	 The Non-Executive Directors / Independent 
Directors may receive remuneration by way of a 
commission in accordance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013, subject to the approval 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
the Board and shareholders, if required.
  These criteria are detailed in the Company’s 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy. The policy 
is available on the Company’s website www.
valiantlabs.in. 
	 Executive Directors
   The Company remunerates its Executive 
Directors by way of salary and commission based 
on performance of the Company. Remuneration 
is paid within the limits as approved by the 
shareholders within the stipulated limits of the 
Section 197 read with Schedule V of Act and 
the Rules made thereunder. The remuneration 
paid to the Executive Directors is determined 
keeping in view the industry benchmark and the 
performance of the Company. 
  Remuneration to Executive Directors:
(H in Lakhs)
Name of Director(s) Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Paresh Shah
Category Managing Director Whole-Time Director
Salary and other Perquisites 27.00 15.00
Commission 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013
Note: The Managing Director and the Whole-Time Director is appointed under the contract for a period of 5 (Five) years and with termination notice 
period of 90 days. No severance fees are payable.
  The Board of Directors and its Committees at their respective meeting(s) held on August 10, 2026, approved the revision in 
remuneration of Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Paresh Shah, as follows:
Mr. Santosh Vora, 
Managing Director
Mr. Paresh Shah, 
Whole-Time Director
Existing Proposed in  
ensuing AGM Existing Proposed in  
ensuing AGM
Remuneration H 27 Lakhs per annum H 32 Lakhs per annum H 15 Lakhs per annum H 20 Lakhs per annum
Commission 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net 
profits of the Company 
(calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net 
profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 
198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net 
profits of the Company 
(calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net 
profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 
198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013)
Perquisites & 
Other Benefits: 
As per the policy of the Company As per the policy of the Company
Note: The above is subject to the approval of the members of the Company at the ensuing Annual General Meeting in line with the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013 and Listing Regulations.
67
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 295 =====
	 Key Managerial Personnel (KMP), Senior 
Management Personnel (SMP) and 
other employees:
   The remuneration of KMP, SMP and other 
employees largely consists of basic salary, 
perquisites, allowances and performance 
incentives (wherever paid). Perquisites and 
retirement benefits are paid according to the 
Company policy. The components of the total 
remuneration vary for different grades and are 
governed by the industry pattern, qualification 
and experience/merits, and performance of 
each employee. 
   Remuneration of KMPs and SMPs is additionally 
approved by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee every year.
3. STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP 
COMMITTEE
  The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee of the 
Board of Directors (‘‘the SRC”) is entrusted with 
the responsibility of safeguarding the interests of 
shareholders, debenture holders and other security 
holders. The composition, quorum, powers, role and 
scope are in accordance with Section 178(5) of the Act 
and the provisions of Regulation 20 read with Part D 
Para B of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations. 
  Terms of Reference
1. Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the 
Company including complaints related to transfer/ 
transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, 
non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/
duplicate certificates, general meetings, etc;
2. Review of measures taken for effective exercise 
of voting rights by shareholders;
3. Review of adherence to the service standards 
adopted by the Company in respect of various 
services being rendered by the Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agent; and
4. Review of the various measures and initiatives 
taken by the Company for reducing the quantum of 
unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt 
of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory 
notices by the shareholders of the Company.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, SRC comprises of 3 (Three) 
members of which 2 (Two) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  1 (One) SRC Meeting was held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for the meeting.
  The date of the meeting and attendance of SRC members in the said meeting is given below:
Date of Meeting Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Santosh Vora
Category Chairperson Member Member
February 11, 2026
  Name, Designation and Contact details of the 
Compliance Officer 
  Mr. Akshay Gangurde
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
  Contact: 022 - 4971 2001/ 022 - 4971 7220
  Email: investor@valiantlabs.in 
  Mr. Akshay Gangurde was appointed as the 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer of the 
Company w.e.f. July 09, 2025.
  Ms. Prajakta Patil resigned from the position 
of Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
w.e.f. June 15, 2025.
  SEBI processes investor complaints in a centralised 
web-based complaints redressal system, i.e. SCORES. 
Through this system an investor can lodge a 
complaint against the Company for redressal of his/ 
her grievance. The Company uploads the action taken 
report on the complaint which can be viewed by the 
investor. The Company and the investor can seek and 
provide clarifications online through SEBI.
  Further, the Company has pursuant to SEBI Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/131 
dated July 31, 2023, registered itself on the ODR 
platform, which gives an ease to investors on escalation 
of the complaints.
  Details of investor complaints received and redressed during FY 2025-26 are as follows:
Opening as on April 1, 2025 Received during the year Resolved during the year Closing as on March 31, 2026
NIL NIL NIL NIL
  The Company maintains continuous interaction with the RTA and takes proactive steps and actions for resolving investors’ 
complaints/queries.
Annual Report 2025-26
68


===== PAGE 296 =====
Separate email ID for the redressal of Investors’ 
Complaints
  The Company has designated a separate e-mail id 
investor@valiantlabs.in exclusively for the registering 
complaints by the investors.
 4. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
  The provisions of Regulation 21 of the Listing 
Regulations relating to the Risk Management Committee 
are applicable to the top 1,000 listed entities determined 
on the basis of average market capitalisation, and to 
high value debt listed entities. The Company does not 
fall within either category for FY 2025-26 and the said 
Regulation is therefore not applicable. 
  Notwithstanding the above, as a matter of good 
governance practice, the Board of Directors has 
voluntarily constituted a Risk Management Committee 
(the “RMC”). The terms of reference of the RMC have 
been framed with reference to Part D of Schedule II 
of the Listing Regulations and cover, inter alia, cyber 
security. The RMC monitors and reviews the risk 
management plan of the Company and discharges 
such other functions as the Board may deem fit.
  Terms of Reference
  1. Formulating a detailed risk management policy;
  2. Ensuring that appropriate methodology, 
processes and systems are in place to monitor 
and evaluate risks associated with the business 
of the Company;
  3. To monitor and oversee implementation of the 
risk management policy, including evaluating 
the adequacy of risk management systems;
  4. Periodically reviewing the risk management 
policy, at least once in two years, including by 
considering the changing industry dynamics and 
evolving complexity;
  5. To keep the board of directors informed about 
the nature and content of its discussions, 
recommendations and actions to be taken; and 
  6. The appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if 
any) shall be subject to review by the Risk 
Management Committee.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, the RMC comprised 4 (Four) 
members, of which 2 (Two) are Non-Executive 
Independent Directors. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
  1 (One) RMC Meeting was held during the year 
under review. The necessary quorum was present 
for the meeting.
  The date of the meeting and attendance of RMC members in the said meeting is given below:
Date of Meeting Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Paresh Shah
Category Chairperson Member Member Member
October 15, 2025
5. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) 
COMMITTEE
  The Corporate Social Responsibility (‘‘the CSR”) 
Committee of the Board of Directors is entrusted 
with the responsibility of identifying the areas of CSR 
activities, recommending the amount of expenditure 
to be incurred and implementing and monitoring 
the CSR policy from time to time. The composition, 
quorum, powers, role and scope are in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 135 of the Act.
  Terms of Reference
1. Formulate and approve revisions to the Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy and recommend the 
same to the Board for its approval;
2. Formulate and recommend to the Board, an 
annual action plan in pursuance to CSR policy;
3. Recommend the annual CSR expenditure budget 
to the Board for its approval;
4. Establish monitoring mechanisms to track each 
CSR Program and review the same at such 
intervals as the CSR Committee may deem fit ; and
5. Undertaking wherever appropriate 
benchmarking exercises with other corporates to 
reassure itself of the efficacy and effectiveness of 
Company‘s CSR spends.
  Composition, Meeting and Attendance
  As on March 31, 2026, CSR committee comprises of 
3 (Three) members. The Company Secretary of the 
Company acted as the Secretary to the Committee.
No CSR Meeting was held during the year under 
review. 
  The Company has formulated a CSR Policy for 
determining the activities and responsibilities of 
the Company for incurring expenditure as per the 
provisions of the act. The policy is available on the 
Company’s website www.valiantlabs.in. 
69
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 297 =====
IV. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS 
 Details of last three Annual General Meetings are as under:
For Financial Year Day, Date and Time Venue Special Resolution passed 
FY 2022-23 Wednesday, September 13, 2023 
11:00 A.M.
Registered 
Office
None
FY 2023-24 Thursday, August 8, 2024, 11:00 
A.M
Registered 
Office
1. Appointment of Mr. Mulesh Savla (DIN: 07474847) 
as Non-Executive Independent Director of the 
Company
2. Enhancement in the existing borrowing limit under 
Section 180 (1) (c) of the Companies Act, 2013.
3. Creation of Charges on the Assets of the Company 
under Section 180 (1) (a) of the Companies Act, 
2013, to secure the Borrowings.
4. Approval for grant of loans or to invest in Bodies 
Corporates or to issue guarantee or provide security 
under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013.
FY 2024-2025 Thursday, September 25, 2025, 
11:30 A.M
Registered 
Office
1. Change in Designation of Mr. Paresh Shah 
(DIN:08291953) from Executive Director to Whole 
Time Director and to fix his remuneration.
2. Revision in remuneration of Mr. Santosh Vora 
(DIN:07633923), Managing Director.
3. Payment of remuneration by way of commission to 
Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN:07633852), Non-Executive 
Director of the company.
 Postal Ballot:
 No resolution was passed through Postal Ballot during the Financial Year 2025-26.
V. MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
 Quarterly Results
 The Company communicates to the Stock Exchanges about the quarterly financial results within the prescribed timeline from 
the conclusion of the Board Meetings in which the financial results are approved. The results are usually published in Financial 
Express (English) edition and Mumbai Lakshadeep (Marathi) edition. These results are also available on the website of the 
Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 Website
 In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations, separate dedicated tabs under the head “Investors” and “Policies 
& Codes” are created on the website of the Company www.valiantlabs.in which gives information on various announcements 
made by the Company, such as Disclosures to Exchanges, Newspaper publications, Financials of Subsidiary, Annual Report, 
Quarterly/Half-yearly/Nine-months and Annual financial results along with the applicable policies of the Company.
 Quarterly Compliance Reports on Corporate Governance (now Integrated Filings – Governance) and other relevant information 
of interest to the Investors are also placed under the “Investors” Section on the Company’s website. 
Annual Report 2025-26
70


===== PAGE 298 =====
VI. GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION
1 CIN L24299MH2021PLC365904
2 Registered Office/Address for correspondence 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund West, 
Mumbai – 400080.
3 Name and Address of each stock exchange(s) at which the listed entity’s securities are listed
BSE Limited Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001
National Stock Exchange of India Limited Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051.
The Company has paid the Annual Listing Fees of the Stock Exchanges and Annual Custodial Fees of the Depositories 
for the FY 2026-27.
4 Registrar to an issue and Share transfer agents MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd.
(Formerly Known as Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.) 
C-101, 247 Embassy Park, LBS Road,
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400083.
Tel. No. +91 22 49186000
Fax No. 022 – 4918 6060
Email ID: rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
Website: www.in.mpms.mufg.com
5 Share transfer System As per the Listing Regulations, Transfer / Transmission of Equity 
Shares of the Company can be made only in dematerialised form. 
As on March 31, 2026, the entire paid-up Equity Share Capital 
of the Company is held in dematerialised form with National 
Securities Depository Limited and Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited.
6 Plant Locations L-13, L-28, L-28(Pt), L-29 & L-30, M.I.D.C, Tarapur, Boisar, District - 
Palghar - 401506, Maharashtra, India
7 Financial Calendar
Financial Year April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2027
Tentative schedule for the Financial Results for 
FY 2026-27 
June, 2026 Last week of July/ 1st week of August 2026, or on or before  
August 14, 2026
September, 2026 Last week of October/ 1st week of November 2026, or on or before 
November 14, 2026
December, 2026 Last week of January/ 1st week of February 2027, or on or before 
February 14, 2027
March, 2027 1st/2nd week of May 2027, or on or before May 30, 2027
8 Annual General Meeting
Day and Date Monday, September 28, 2026
Time 11:30 AM
Venue Annual General Meeting would be held through video 
conferencing/other audio-visual means. (Deemed venue for 
meeting: Registered Office of the Company).
9 Cut Off Date for E-voting September 21, 2026
10 Dividend Payment Date Not Applicable as no dividend recommended by the Board of 
Directors.
11 Dematerialization of shares and liquidity As on March 31, 2026, all the equity shares of the company are 
held in dematerialised form.
12 Credit Rating obtained (during the FY 2025-26) By India Ratings and Research
Date Instrument Type 
Rating 
Limits 
(millions)
Rating Assigned 
along with 
Outlook/Watch 
June 25, 
2025
Fund-based working 
capital limits
H 550 IND BBB/
Stable/IND A2 
Non-fund-based 
working capital limits
H 10 IND A2
13 Cases where securities are suspended from 
trading
Not Applicable
71
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 299 =====
14 Outstanding Global Depository Receipts or 
American Depository Receipts or warrants or any 
convertible instruments, if any.
The Company has not issued any GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any 
other convertible instruments.
15 Disclosure of commodity price risks and 
commodity hedging activities, if any
The details of foreign currency exposure are disclosed at 
appropriate places in the Financial Statements.
 16 Shareholding as on March 31, 2026:
  A. Category of Equity Shareholding:
As on March 31, 2026
Category No. of Shares %
Promoter and Promoter Group 4,06,41,487 74.83
Foreign Portfolio Investors 1,08,114 0.20
Clearing Members 7,46,383 1.37
Resident Individuals 1,01,22,827 18.64
Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) 1,07,366 0.20
Body Corporate 16,62,072 3.06
Body Corp-LLP 1,23,910 0.23
Hindu Undivided Family 7,99,656 1.47
Escrow Demat Account 685 0.00
Total 5,43,12,500 100.00
   
Promoter and Promoter Group
Foreign Portfolio Investors
Clearing Members
Resident Individuals
Non-Resident Indians (NRIs)
Body Corporate
Body Corp-LLP
Hindu Undivided Family
Escrow Demat Account
Shareholding Pattern as on March 31, 2026
74.83%
0.20%
1.37%
18.64%
0.20% 0.00%
3.06% 1.47%0.23%
  B. Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026:
No. of Shares
Shareholders No. of Shares
Number % J %
1 to 500 12,767 85.18 14,32,494 2.6375
501 to 1000 904 6.03 6,88,069 1.2669
1001 to 2000 567 3.78 8,34,304 1.5361
2001 to 3000 226 1.51 5,75,016 1.0587
3001 to 4000 98 0.65 3,48,560 0.6418
4001 to 5000 96 0.64 4,45,166 0.8196
5001 to 10000 163 1.09 11,99,700 2.2089
10001 and above 167 1.11 4,87,89,191 89.8305
TOTAL: 14988 100% 5,43,12,500 100%
Annual Report 2025-26
72


===== PAGE 300 =====
 17 Green initiatives:
  As a responsible corporate citizen, the Company 
welcomes and supports the ‘Green Initiative’ 
undertaken by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, 
Government of India, and Securities & Exchange 
Board of India enabling electronic delivery of 
documents including the Annual Report to 
shareholders at their e-mail address registered with 
the Depository Participant (DPs) and Registrar and 
Transfer Agent (RTA).
  Shareholders who have not registered their e-mail 
addresses so far are requested to do the same. Those 
holding shares in Demat form can register their e-mail 
address with their concerned DPs. 
  Further, in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a letter is being sent 
to those Members who have not registered their e-mail 
addresses with the Company / MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited (Formerly Link Intime India Private 
Limited) - Registrar and Transfer Agent / Depository 
Participants, providing a web link where the Annual 
Report for the Financial Year 2025-26 and the Notice 
of the 5th Annual General Meeting of the Company can 
be accessed on the Company’s website.
VII. OTHER DISCLOSURES:
 1. Details of related party transactions entered into by 
the Company are included in the notes to accounts. 
Materially significant transactions with related parties 
are in the normal course of business and do not have 
potential conflict with the interests of the Company 
at large. Transactions with related parties entered 
into by the Company are placed before the Audit 
Committee periodically. 
  As required under Regulation 23(1) of Listing 
Regulations, the Company has formulated a policy 
on dealing with related party transactions. The said 
policy is also available under ‘Investor’ section of the 
website of the Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 2. During the year, the Company received a fine of  
H 11,800/- (inclusive of GST) from BSE Limited and 
a fine of H 11,800/- (inclusive of GST) from National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited for delay in prior 
intimation of the Rights Issue Committee Meeting 
held on July 15, 2025. Except for the aforesaid instance, 
no penalties, strictures, or enforcement actions were 
imposed on the Company by any Stock Exchange, 
SEBI, or any statutory authority on matters relating to 
the capital markets during the last three years.
 3. Pursuant to Section 177(9) and (10) of the Act and 
Regulation 22 of Listing Regulations, the Audit 
Committee and the Board have adopted a Whistle-
Blower policy which provides an environment where 
every director / employee feels free and secure to 
report specific incidents of unethical behaviour, actual 
or suspected incidents of fraud or violation of the 
Company’s Code, investigate such reported incidents 
in a fair manner, taking appropriate disciplinary action 
against the delinquent director(s) and employee(s), 
ensuring that no director or employee is victimised or 
harassed for bringing such incidents to the attention 
of the Company. The Company affirms that there 
were no incidences of reporting unethical behaviour, 
actual or suspected fraud or violation of Company’s 
Code of Conduct during the financial year 2025-
26 and no personnel has been denied access to the 
Audit Committee.
 4. In order to restrict communication of Unpublished 
Price Sensitive Information (UPSI), the Company has 
adopted Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair 
Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information 
in compliance with SEBI (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulations, 2015 as amended from time to 
time. The said Code is available on the website of the 
Company at www.valiantlabs.in.
 5. The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of Listing Regulations. Further, details with respect to 
discretionary requirements as specified in Part E of Schedule II are as follows:
Sr. 
No. Particulars Remarks
1 Non-Executive Chairman’s Office The Company has appointed Mr. Mulesh Savla as a Non-Executive Chairman.
2 Woman Independent Director The Company has appointed Ms. Sonal Vira as the Woman Independent Director
3 Shareholder’s Rights As the quarterly and half yearly, financial performance are published in the 
newspapers and are also posted on the Company’s website, the same are not 
being sent to the household of shareholders.
4 Audit Qualifications Auditors’ Report on Company’s financial statements for FY 2025-26 is 
unmodified.
5 Separate posts of Chairman and 
the Managing Director (“MD”)
The Company has separate posts of Chairman and Managing Director.
6 Reporting of Internal Auditor The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.
73
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 301 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars Remarks
7 Independent Directors Meeting During the Financial Year 2025-26, the Independent Directors held one meeting, 
without the presence of non-independent directors and members of the 
management. All the Independent Directors of the Company were present in 
the said meetings.
8 Risk Management Committee Regulation 21 of Listing Regulations are not applicable to the Company. However,  
the Company has voluntarily constituted a Risk Management Committee.
 6. The ‘Policy for Determining Material Subsidiary’ 
pursuant to Regulation 16(1)(c) of Listing Regulations, 
has been adopted by the Board and the same has 
been hosted on the website of the Company at www.
valiantlabs.in. 
  In terms of the above policy, the Company’s subsidiary, 
namely, Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
(‘VASPL’) is considered as a material subsidiary. 
  VASPL was incorporated on July 8, 2022 in Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, India. Further, Rishabh S. Vora & Co. 
is the Auditor of VASPL, who was appointed on 
September 11, 2023.
  Except the said entity, the Company does not have any 
other material subsidiary.
 7. The Company has not raised funds through 
preferential allotment or qualified institutions 
placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A).
 8. Total fees for all services paid by the Company to the 
statutory auditors and all entities in the network firm/
network entity of which the statutory auditor is a part:
Particulars (J in Lakhs)
Audit Fees 1.75 
Tax Audit 1.00
Certification Charges 1.66
Out of pocket expenses 0
Other Services 0
Total 4.41 
 9. Disclosures in relation to Sexual Harassment of 
Women at workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013:
Number of complaints filed 
during the financial year
NIL
Number of complaints disposed of 
during the financial year
NIL
Number of complaints pending as 
on end of the financial year
NIL
 10. During the year under review, the Company has not 
given any loans/advances to the firms/Companies in 
which directors are interested.
 11. The Company hereby confirms compliance with the 
requirements of Report on Corporate Governance as 
specified in sub-paras (2) to (10) of Part C of Schedule 
V of Listing Regulations.
 12. The Company has complied with all the mandatory 
corporate governance requirements under the Listing 
Regulations. The Company confirms compliance 
with corporate governance requirements specified 
in Regulation 17 to 27 and sub-regulation (2) of 
Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations.
 13. As on March 31, 2026, the Company had 685 unclaimed 
equity shares lying in its suspense escrow demat 
account. These shares pertain to the Rights Issue of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited undertaken in July 2025. 
The Company has been sending periodic reminder 
letters to the concerned shareholders in accordance 
with Schedule VI of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
 As per Schedule V(F) of the Listing Regulations, the Company reports the following details in respect of equity shares lying in the 
suspense account:
Particulars No. of Shareholders No. of Equity 
Shares
aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the suspense 
account lying at the beginning of the year;
0 0
number of shareholders who approached listed entity for transfer of shares from 
suspense account during the year;
5 312
number of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from suspense account 
during the year;
5 312
aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the suspense 
account lying at the end of the year;
3 685
 Note: 997 equity shares were credited to the suspense escrow account on allotment of the Rights Issue in August 2025, of which 312 shares were transferred 
to 5 shareholders during the year, leaving 685 shares held with 3 shareholders as at 31 March 2026.
 The voting rights on the shares outstanding in the suspense accounts as on March 31, 2026 shall remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares 
claims the shares.
Annual Report 2025-26
74


===== PAGE 302 =====
 14. The Company has not entered into any type of 
agreement which binds the Company under clause 
5A of paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of 
Listing Regulations.
VIII. CODE OF CONDUCT FOR DIRECTORS AND 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
 The Board of Directors has adopted Code of Conduct for 
the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel 
of the Company in terms of Regulation 17(5) of the Listing 
Regulations. All Board members and Senior Management 
Personnel have affirmed their compliance with the said 
Code for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. A 
declaration to this effect signed by the Managing Director is 
appended as Annexure – ‘I’ to this report. The said Code of 
Conduct may be viewed on the Company’s website www.
valiantlabs.in.
IX. CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION 
OF DIRECTORS
 The Company has obtained a certificate from M/s Mehta 
& Mehta, practising company secretary confirming that 
none of the Directors on the Board of Directors of the 
Company have been debarred or disqualified from being 
appointed or continuing as directors of the Company by 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India / Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority. A copy 
of the said certificate is appended hereto as Annexure – ‘II’ 
to this report.
X. CERTIFICATION FOR FINANCIAL 
REPORTING AND INTERNAL CONTROLS 
(CEO/ CFO CERTIFICATION):  
 Pursuant to Regulation 17 (8) of the Listing Regulations, a 
certificate duly signed by the Managing Director and Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company is appended as Annexure 
‘III’ to this report.
XI. CERTIFICATE FROM THE STATUTORY 
AUDITOR OF THE COMPANY FOR 
COMPLIANCE OF CONDITIONS OF 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:
 A certificate from Raman S. Shah & Co., Chartered 
Accountants, regarding compliance of conditions of 
Corporate Governance as stipulated in Part E of Schedule 
V of the Listing Regulations is appended as Annexure ‘IV’ 
to this Report.
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
75
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 303 =====
As provided under Regulation 34 (3) read with Para D of Schedule V to SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the members of Board of Directors and the Senior Management Personnel have affirmed their compliance with Code 
of Conduct as applicable to them, for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026. 
For and on behalf of the Board
Sd/-
Santosh Vora
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
ANNEXURE – ‘I’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance
DECLARATION BY THE MANAGING DIRECTOR UNDER REGULATION 34 (3) OF 
SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 
2015 REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH CODE OF CONDUCT FOR BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY 
Annual Report 2025-26
76


===== PAGE 304 =====
To: Valiant Laboratories Limited
(CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904)
104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Valiant Laboratories 
Limited having CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904 and having registered office at 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai 400080 (hereinafter referred to as 'the Company'), produced before me by the Company for the purpose of 
issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para - C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) 
status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by the Company and its officers, We 
hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the Financial Year ended on 31st March, 2026 
had been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority: 
Sr. 
No. Name DIN Date of Appointment as 
Director Date of Cessation as Director 
1 Santosh Shantilal Vora 07633923 16/08/2021 Continuing
2 Shantilal Shivji Vora 07633852 16/08/2021 Continuing
3 Paresh Shashikant Shah 08291953 16/08/2021 Continuing
4 Sonal Amit Vira 09505883 16/02/2022 Continuing
5 Sandeep Gupta 09245060 23/02/2023 Continuing
6 Ashok Lakhamshi Chheda 10776571 12/11/2024 Continuing
7 Mulesh Manilal Savla 07474847 14/05/2024 Continuing
Ensuring the eligibility of for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of 
the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance 
as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs 
of the Company.
ANNEXURE ‘II’ to the Corporate Governance Report
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the SEBI  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015) 
For Mehta & Mehta 
(ICSI Unique Code No. P1996MH007500) 
Company Secretaries,
Sd/-
CS Monali Bhandari
Partner
Company Secretaries
ACS No. 27091 C.P. No. 10272
Place: Mumbai  UDIN: A027091H001060706
Date: August 10, 2026  PR No.: 7281/2025
77
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 305 =====
To,
The Board of Directors of
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub: MD / CFO Certificate under Regulation 17(8) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(‘the Company’), to the best of our knowledge and belief certify that:
(a) We have reviewed financial statements and cash flow statement for the year ended March 31, 2026, and that to the best of our 
knowledge and belief:
(i) These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that 
might be misleading;
(ii) These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with existing 
accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
(b) There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year ended, which are 
fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct.
(c) We are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting in the Company and we have 
evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting. We have disclosed 
to the auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are 
aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
(d) We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit Committee:
 (i) Significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
 (ii) Significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial 
statements; and
 (iii) Instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or an 
employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over financial reporting.
ANNEXURE – ‘III’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance
CERTIFICATION UNDER REGULATION 17 (8) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015
Sd/- Sd/-
Santosh Vora Paresh Shah
Managing Director
DIN: 07633923
Whole-Time Director & 
Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 08291953
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 10, 2026
Annual Report 2025-26
78


===== PAGE 306 =====
To,
The Members,
Valiant Laboratories Limited
104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund West, Mumbai – 400080
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Valiant Laboratories Limited  
(CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904), for the year ended on March 31, 2026, as stipulated under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our examination has been limited to 
a review of the procedures and implementations thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring Compliance with the conditions of 
the Corporate Governance as stipulated in the Listing Regulations. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial 
statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the representations 
made by the Directors and the Management, we certify that the Company has, complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance 
as stipulated in the abovementioned Listing Regulations except for delay in prior intimation of the Rights Issue Committee Meeting 
held on July 15, 2025 under Regulation 29(1)(d) read with Regulation 29(2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, for which notices were 
received from BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the applicable fine was paid by the Company.
We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
ANNEXURE – ‘IV’ to the Report on the Corporate Governance
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Yours faithfully, 
For Raman S. Shah & Co.
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Sd/-
Raman S. Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai  Membership No: 33272
Date: August 10, 2026  UDIN: 26033272PDKJUT2069
79
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 307 =====
Financial 
Statements


===== PAGE 308 =====
Independent Auditors' Report
To 
Board of Directors of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited
Report on Audit of Standalone Audited Financial 
Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying standalone financial 
Statements of Valiant Laboratories Limited ("the Company") 
which comprises the Balance sheet as at 31 st March 2026,  the 
Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive 
Income), the Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement 
of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date and notes to the 
financial statements, including a summary of material accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as the “Standalone Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Standalone Financial 
Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 
2013 (the “Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and 
fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act, (“Ind AS”) and other 
accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of 
affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2026 and its profit, total 
comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for 
the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (“SA”s) specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those 
Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of 
our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance 
with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical 
requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements under the provisions of the Act and the 
Rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence 
obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for 
our audit opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Key audit Matter
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Sr. No Key Audit Matter Auditors Response
i. Accuracy, Completeness and disclosure with 
reference to Ind AS 16 of Property, Plant and 
Equipment
Peculiarity and technical complexities of Property, 
Plant and Equipment used in the operations and 
different IT systems used for maintaining Fixed 
Asset Register (FAR) requires more attention to 
ensure reasonably accurateness and completeness of 
financial reporting in respect of Property, Plant and 
Equipment.
Further, due to technical complexities management 
is required to assess and make estimates/
judgments about capitalization, estimated useful 
life, impairment etc. which has material impact on 
Balance Sheet and operating results
Principal Audit Procedures
Our audit approach consisted of testing the design and operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls and substantive testing as follows:
(a) We assessed the Company’s process regarding maintenance of 
records, Valuation and accounting of transactions relating to 
Property, Plant and Equipment as per the Ind AS 16.
(b) We have evaluated the design of Internal Controls relating to 
recording and valuation of Property, Plant and Equipment.
(c) We have carried out substantive audit procedures at financial and 
assertion level to verify the capitalization of assets as Property, 
Plant and Equipment.
(d) We have verified the maintenance of records and accounting of 
transactions regarding capital work in progress by carrying out 
substantive audit procedures at financial and assertion levels.
(e) We have reviewed management judgement pertaining to estimation 
of useful life and depreciation of the Property, Plant and Equipment 
in accordance with Schedule II of Companies Act, 2013.
(f) We have verified the capitalization of borrowing cost incurred on 
qualifying asset in accordance with the Ind AS 23.
81
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 309 =====
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other 
information. The other information comprises the information 
included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, 
Board’s Report including Annexures to Board’s Report, 
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not 
include consolidated financial statements, Standalone Financial 
Statements and our auditor’s report thereon. The Annual Report 
is expected to be made available to us after the date of this 
auditor’s report. 
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements 
or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When we read the Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a 
material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate 
the matter to those charged with governance.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged 
with Governance for the Standalone Financial 
Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters 
stated in Section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation 
of these Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair 
view of the financial position, financial performance, changes in 
equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the 
Ind AS and accounting principles generally accepted in India. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and 
application of appropriate implementation and maintenance 
of accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that 
are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were 
operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Standalone Financial Statements that give 
a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, 
whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, management 
is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue 
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or 
to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the 
Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Standalone Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the standalone financial statement as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these standalone financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Standards on Auditing, 
specified under section 143(10) of the Act we exercise professional 
judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the 
audit. We also:
	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the standalone financial statement, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive 
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The 
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)
(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has 
adequate internal financial controls system in place and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls.
	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by the management and the 
Board of Directors.
	 Conclude on the appropriateness of the Board of Directors' 
use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on 
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going 
concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, 
we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to 
the related disclosures in the financial statement or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to 
the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or 
conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as 
a going concern; and
	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the standalone financial statement, including the 
disclosures, and whether the financial statement represent 
the underlying transactions and events in a manner that 
achieves fair presentation.
Annual Report 2025-26
82


===== PAGE 310 =====
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the standalone 
financial statement that, individually or in aggregate, makes 
it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably 
knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statement 
may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in
i) Planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the 
results of our work; and 
ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the 
standalone financial statement.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, 
among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the 
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements 
of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. 
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law 
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or 
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a 
matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected 
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 
(‘the Order’) issued by the Central Government of India in 
terms of section 143(11) of the Act we give in the “Annexure I” 
a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the 
Order, to the extent applicable.
Further to our comments in Annexure I, as required by section 
143(3) of the Act based on our audit, we report, to the extent 
applicable, that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and 
explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purpose of our audit of the 
accompanying standalone financial statements;
b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by 
law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears 
from our examination of those books, including the manner 
prescribed in Rule 3(1) of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014;
c) The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss including the Statement of Other Comprehensive 
Income, the Cash Flow Statement and Statement of Changes 
in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with 
the books of account.
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial 
statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act. read with Rule 7 of 
the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014.
e) On the basis of the written representations received from 
the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as 
on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements 
of the Company as on 31 st march 2026 and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report 
in “Annexure II”. Our report expresses an unmodified 
opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of 
the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to 
Standalone Financial Statements; and
g) As required by section 197(16) of the Act, based on our 
audit, we report that the Company has paid remuneration 
to its directors during the year in accordance with the 
provisions of and limits laid down under section 197 read 
with Schedule V to the Act
h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, in our 
opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us:
 i. The Company, as detailed in note 35 to the Standalone 
Financial Statements, has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its financial position as at 
31st March 2026. 
 ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts 
including derivative contracts for which there were any 
material foreseeable losses as at 31st March 2026 in for 
Refer Note 34 to the Standalone Financial Statements.
 iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts 
required to be transferred, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Company during the year 
ended 31st March 2026;
 iv. (a) The Management has represented that, to the best 
of its knowledge and belief, other than disclosed 
in the notes, no funds have been advanced 
or loaned or invested (either from borrowed 
funds or share premium or any other sources 
or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any 
other person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
83
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 311 =====
  (b) The Management has represented, that, to the 
best of its knowledge and belief, other than 
disclosed in the notes to accounts, no funds 
have been received by the Company from 
any person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Company shall, whether, directly or 
indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or 
entities identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; 
  (c) Based on such audit procedures that have 
been considered reasonable and appropriate 
in the circumstances, nothing has come to our 
notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of 
Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, 
contain any material misstatement.
 v. The company has not declared or paid any dividend 
during the year.
 vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, 
the Company has used accounting software systems 
for maintaining its books of account for the financial 
year ended March 31, 2026 which have the feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same 
has operated throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software systems. 
  Further, during the course of our audit we did not 
come across any instance of the audit trail feature 
being tampered with.
  Furthermore, the audit trail has been preserved by 
the Company as per the statutory requirements for 
record retention.
For RAMAN S SHAH & CO
Chartered accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Raman S Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai  Membership No. 033272
Date: 14th May,2026  UDIN: 26033272BIOLXV7916
Annual Report 2025-26
84


===== PAGE 312 =====
ANNEXURE ‘I’ referred to in paragraph 15 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of  the 
independent auditors report of even date to the members of Valiant Laboratories Limited on the standalone financial statement for 
the year ended March 31, 2026.
On the basis of the information and explanations sought by us 
and given by the Company and the books of account and records 
examined by us in the normal course of audit, and to the best of 
our knowledge and belief, we report that:
(i) (a) (A) The Company has maintained proper records 
showing full particulars, including quantitative 
details and situation of Property, Plant & 
Equipment, Capital work-in-progress and 
relevant details of right-of-use assets.
  (B) The company has maintaining proper records 
showing full particulars of intangible assets.
 (b) The Company has a regular program for the physical 
verification of its property, plant, and equipment. 
Under this program, the assets are physically verified 
in a phased manner over a period of three years, 
which, in our opinion, is reasonable considering the 
size of the Company and the nature of its assets. In 
accordance with this program, certain property, 
plant, and equipment were verified during the year, 
and no material discrepancies were observed on 
such verification.
 (c) The title deeds of immovable properties (other than 
properties where the Company is the lessee and the 
lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the 
lessee) disclosed in notes to the standalone financial 
statements are held in the name of the Company.
 (d) The Company has adopted cost model for its Property, 
Plant and Equipment (including Right of Use assets) 
and intangible assets during the year. Accordingly, 
reporting under clause 3(i)(d) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
 (e) According to the information and explanation given to 
us and on the basis of examination of the records of the 
Company, there are no Proceedings are initiated or no 
pending cases against the company for holding Benami 
Property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) 
Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder;
(ii) (a) The management has conducted physical verification 
of inventory at reasonable intervals during the year. 
In our opinion the coverage and the procedure of 
such verification by the management is appropriate. 
No discrepancies of 10% or more in aggregate 
for each class of inventory were noticed on such 
physical verification.
 (b) According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination of 
the records of the Company, the Company has been 
sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five 
crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks on the basis of 
security of current assets. In our opinion, the quarterly 
returns or statements filed by the Company with such 
banks are in agreement with the books of account 
of the Company.
(iii) (a) During the year, the Company has provided loans to companies as follows: -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Guarantees Security Loans Advances in 
nature of loans
Aggregate amount granted/ provided during the year
- Subsidiaries, joint operation Nil Nil Nil Nil
- Others* Nil Nil Nil Nil
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect 
of above cases
- Subsidiaries, joint operation 4,494.87 Nil Nil Nil
- Others Nil Nil Nil Nil
  During the year, the Company has not provided loans, 
advances in loans, stood guarantee and provided 
security to firms, limited liability partnerships or 
any other parties.
 (b) During the year the investments made in companies 
and the terms and conditions of the grant of all 
loans provided to companies are prima facie, not 
prejudicial to the Company’s interest. During the year 
the Company has not made investments, provided 
guarantees, security and granted loans and advances 
in the nature of loans to firms, limited liability 
partnerships or any other parties.
 (c) In respect of loans or advances in the nature of loans 
granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment 
of principal has been stipulated and the repayments 
are regular, However loan granted to employees 
are interest free.
 (d) There are no amounts of loans and advances in the 
nature of loans granted to companies, firms, limited 
liability partnerships or any other parties which are 
overdue for more than ninety days.
 (e) The Company has not granted any loan which has 
fallen due during the year. Further, no fresh loans 
85
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 313 =====
were granted to any party to settle the overdue loans/
advances in nature of loan that existed as at the 
beginning of the year.
 (f) The Company has not granted any loans or advances 
in the nature of loans that are either repayable 
on demand or without specifying any terms or 
period of repayment. 
(iv) In our opinion, and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has complied 
with the provisions of section 186 of the Act in respect of 
loans and investments made and guarantees and security 
provided by it, as applicable. Further, the Company has 
not entered into any transaction covered under section 
185 of the Act.
(v) The Company has neither accepted any deposits from 
the public nor accepted any amounts which are deemed 
to be deposits within the meaning of sections 73 to 76 of 
the Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, to the 
extent applicable. Accordingly, the requirement to report on 
clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(vi) The Central Government has specified maintenance of cost 
records under section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
related to the manufacture of Drugs and Pharmaceutical. 
We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained 
by the Company pursuant to the rules made by the Central 
Government for the maintenance of cost records and are of 
the opinion that, prima facie, the prescribed accounts and 
records have been made and maintained during the year. 
However, we have not made a detailed examination of the 
cost records with a view to determine whether they are 
accurate or complete. 
(vii) According to the information and explanations given to us 
and based on the records of the company examined by us, 
in respect of Statutory Dues,
 (a) The Company generally been regular in depositing 
undisputed statutory dues including Goods and 
Service Tax, Provident Fund, Employee State 
Insurance, Income tax, custom duty, cess and any other 
statutory dues to the appropriate authorities and there 
are no arrears of outstanding statutory dues as on the 
last day of the FY concerned for a period of more than 
6 months from the date they became payable.
 (b) According to the information and explanations 
given to us, we report that there are no statutory 
dues referred in sub-clause (a) which have not been 
deposited with the appropriate authorities on account 
of any dispute except for the following:
Name of the statute Nature of dues Gross Amount 
(In lakhs)
Period to which 
the amount relates Forum where dispute is pending
Goods and Service 
Tax Act, 2017
Goods and Service Tax 62.97 FY 2021-22 Assistant Commissioner (Appeal)
Goods and Service 
Tax Act, 2017
Goods and Service Tax 36.00 FY 2023-24 Joint Commissioner (Appeal)
(viii) Accordingly, information and explanation given to us, We 
report that no transactions relating to previously unrecorded 
income that have been surrendered or disclosed as income 
during the year in the tax assessments under the Income 
Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
(ix) (a) In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us,The company has not 
defaulted in repayment of loans or other borrowings 
or in the payments of interest thereon to any lender;
 (b) According to the information and explanations given 
to us including confirmations received from banks and 
representation received from the management of the 
Company, and on the basis of our audit procedures, 
we report that the company has not been declared 
willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution 
or government or any government authority.
 (c) According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our audit procedure, the 
term loans were applied for the purpose for which the 
loan were obtained.
 (d) In our opinion and According to the information 
and explanations given to us, and the procedures 
performed by us, and on an overall examination of the 
financial statements of the company, we report that no 
funds raised on Short Term basis have been used for 
Long Term purposes by the company.
 (e) In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, and on an overall 
examination of the financial statement of the company, 
Company has not taken any funds from any entity or 
person on account of or to meet the obligations of its 
subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures;
 (f) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, The Company has not raised 
loans during the year on the pledge of securities held 
by the subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures.
(x) (a) The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial 
public offer or further public offer (including debt 
instruments) during the year and hence reporting 
under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
 (b) According to the information and explanations given 
to us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the Company, The company has not made 
any preferential allotment or private placement of 
Annual Report 2025-26
86


===== PAGE 314 =====
shares or convertible debentures (fully, partially or 
optionally) during the year.
(xi) (a) To the best of our knowledge and accordingly to the 
information and explanation given to us, No fraud by 
the company or on the company has been noticed or 
reported during the year.
 (b) According to the information and explanations given 
to us including the representation made to us by the 
management of the Company, No report under sub-
section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has 
been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed 
under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.
 (c) According to the information and explanations given 
to us, including the representation made to us by the 
management of the company and the procedures 
performed by us, there are no whistle-blower 
complaints received by the Company during the year 
and up to the date of this Report. 
(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company and the Nidhi rules, 
2014 are not applicable to it. Therefore, the requirement to 
report on clause 3(xii)(a), 3(xii) (b) and 3(xii)(c) of the Order 
is not applicable to the Company.
(xiii) In our opinion, and accordingly to the information and 
explanation given to us. All transaction entered into by the 
Company with related parties are in compliance with Section 
177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013, where applicable. 
Further, the details of such related party transaction have 
been disclosed in the standalone financial statement, as 
required under Indian accounting standard (Ind AS 24), 
related party disclosures specified in companies Ind AS 
rules 2015 as prescribed under section 133 of the Act. 
(xiv) (a) In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, the Company has an internal 
audit system which is commensurate with the size and 
nature of its business as required under the provisions 
of section 138 of the Act.
 (b) We have considered, the internal audit reports for the 
year under audit, issued to the Company during the 
year and till date, in determining the nature, timing 
and extent of our audit procedures. 
(xv) Accordingly to the information and explanation given 
to us, the Company has not entered into any non-cash 
transactions with its directors or persons connected with its 
directors. And accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xv) of 
the order with respect to compliance with the provisions of 
Section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not applicable 
to the Company.
(xvi) (a) The Company is not required to be registered under 
section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. 
Hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b) and (c) of 
the Order are not applicable to the company.
 (b) In our opinion, there is no core investment company 
within the Group (as defined in the Core Investment 
Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and 
accordingly reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the 
Order is not applicable.
 (c) The Company is not a Core Investment Company as 
defined in the regulations made by Reserve Bank of 
India. Accordingly, the requirement to report on clause 
3(xvi) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
 (d) There is no Core Investment Company as a part of 
the Group, hence, the requirement to report on clause 
3(xvi)(d) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
(xvii) The Company has not incurred any cash losses during the 
financial year covered by our audit and the immediately 
preceding financial year.
(xviii) There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors 
during the year and accordingly requirement to report on 
Clause 3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company
(xix) On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected 
dates of realization of financial assets and payment of 
financial liabilities, other information accompanying the 
financial statements, the auditor’s knowledge of the Board 
of Directors and management plans, and based on our 
examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, 
nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to 
believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of 
the audit report indicating that Company is not capable of 
meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as 
and when they fall due within a period of one year from the 
balance sheet date;
 We further state that our reporting is based on the facts 
up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any 
guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due 
within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will 
get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
(xx) (a) In respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no 
unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to 
a fund specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act 
(the Act), in compliance with second proviso to sub 
section 5 of section 135 of the Act. 
 (b) There are no unspent amounts in respect of ongoing 
projects, that are required to be transferred to a special 
account in compliance of provision of sub section (6) 
of section 135 of Companies Act.
(xxi) The reporting under clause 3(xxi) of the Order is not 
applicable in respect of audit of standalone financial 
statements of the Company. Accordingly, no comment has 
been included in respect of said clause under this report.
For RAMAN S SHAH & CO
Chartered accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Raman S Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai  Membership No. 033272
Date: 14th May, 2026  UDIN: 25033272BMGDPB2831
87
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 315 =====
In conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial 
statements of Valiant Laboratories Limited (‘the Company’) as 
at and for the year ended 31 March 2026, We have audited the 
internal financial controls over financial control with reference to 
the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged 
with Governance for Internal Financial Controls 
The Company’s management is responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on the 
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities include 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of 
its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the 
timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required 
under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditors’ Responsibility for the Audit of the Internal 
Financial Controls with Reference to Financial 
Statements
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's 
internal financial controls over financial reporting based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, 
issued by ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 
143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit 
of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India. Those Standards and the 
Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements 
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance 
about whether adequate internal financial controls over financial 
reporting was established and maintained and if such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects.
ANNEXURE “II” Independent audit Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial 
Statements under Clause (i) of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. 
Our audit of internal financial controls over financial reporting 
included obtaining an understanding of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s 
judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether 
due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion 
on the Company’s internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
Standalone Financial Statements for external purposes is in 
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
A company's internal financial control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that
1. Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company.
2. Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Standalone 
Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance 
with authorizations of management and directors of 
the company. And
3. Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company's assets that could have a 
material effect on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Annual Report 2025-26
88


===== PAGE 316 =====
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion 
or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be 
detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal 
financial controls over financial reporting to future periods 
are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over 
financial reporting may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material 
respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to Standalone Financial Statements and such internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements were 
operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on the criteria for 
internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial 
Statements established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the ICAI.
For RAMAN S SHAH & CO
Chartered accountants
Firm Registration No.: 111919W
Raman S Shah 
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai Membership No. 033272
Date: 14th May, 2026 UDIN: 26033272BIOLXV7916
89
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 317 =====
Standalone Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
I. ASSETS
Non-Current assets
(a) Property, Plant & Equipment 2  2,836.56  2,949.56
(b) Capital work-in-progress 2  35.73  16.61
(c) Right of Use assets 3(a)  122.57  44.66
(d) Other Intangible Assets 3(b)  8.00  7.48
(e) Financial Assets
 (i) Investment in Subsidiaries 4.1  16,505.80  16,505.80
 (ii) Other Financial Assets 5  145.50  282.07
(f) Other non-current assets 6  3.00  -
Total Non-Current assets  19,657.17  19,806.19
Current assets
(a) Inventories 7  2,297.04  395.58
(b) Financial Assets
 (i) Investments 4.2  2,598.02  -
 (ii) Trade Receivables 8  8,325.48  7,210.02
 (iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 9  307.30  479.89
 (iv) Other Balances with Banks 10  351.74  2,254.00
 (v) Loans 11  3.69  5.86
 (vi) Other Financial Assets  -  -
(c) Other Current assets 12  4,967.16  1,429.55
(d) Current Tax Assets (Net) 13  81.71  147.03
Total Current assets  18,932.15  11,921.93
Total Assets  38,589.31  31,728.11
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 14  5,431.25  4,345.00
(b) Other Equity 15  26,544.62  19,093.31
Total Equity  31,975.87  23,438.31
LIABILITIES
Non-Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 16.1  -  5,940.02
 (ii) Lease Liabilities 17.1  79.78  25.13
 (iii) Other financial liabilities 18  96.14  96.14
(b) Provisions 19.1  10.74  8.56
(c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (net) 20  158.90  125.20
(d) Other Non-Current Liabilities  -  -
Total non-current liabilities  345.55  6,195.06
Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 16.2  -  -
 (ii) Lease Liabilities 17.2  46.55  23.10
 (iii) Trade Payables 21
  A) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and small enterprises  16.16  6.90
  B) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 6,001.35  1,933.16
 (iv) Other Financial Liabilities 22  133.86  106.51
(b) Other Current liabilities 23  48.80  11.53
(c) Provisions 19.2  21.17  13.53
Total current liabilities  6,267.89  2,094.74
Total Equity and Liabilities  38,589.31  31,728.11
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272BIOLXV7916 ICSI M.No.: A70561
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes (Note No 1- 41)
Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
90


===== PAGE 318 =====
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  For the period 
March 31, 2026
 For the period 
March 31, 2025
I Revenue from operations 24  21,704.25  13,336.18
II Other Income 25  289.48  542.81
III Balance as on March 31, 2026  21,993.73  13,878.99
IV EXPENDITURE
Cost of Materials Consumed 26  17,152.75  11,215.83
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods & Work-in-Progress 27  21.38  386.10
Purchase of traded goods 28  1,556.53  56.14
Employee Benefits Expense 29  500.36  438.80
Finance Costs 30  26.11  17.53
Depreciation and Amortization 31  226.19  202.46
Other Expenses 32  1,755.63  1,706.91
IV Total Expenditure  21,238.94  14,023.77
V Profit Before Tax  754.79  (144.78)
VI Tax Expenses
Current Tax  166.20  5.68
Deferred Tax  33.77  64.56
VI Total Tax Expense  199.96  70.24
VII Profit for the year  554.82  (215.02)
VIII Other Comprehensive Income
(i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent year
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  (0.50)  (3.03)
 Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  -
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit & loss
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  0.07  0.76
 Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  -
VIII Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  (0.43)  (2.26)
IX Total comprehensive income for the year (VII + VIII) 
(Total of profit and other comprehensive income for the year)
 554.39  (217.28)
Earnings per equity share of J 10/- each (PY: J 10/- each) 33
(1) Basic  1.10  (0.50)
(2) Diluted  1.10  (0.50)
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272BIOLXV7916 ICSI M.No.: A70561
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes (Note No 1- 41)
91
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 319 =====
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31,2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net Profit before tax and extra ordinary items  754.79  (144.78)
Balance as on April 1, 2025
Depreciation  226.19  202.46
Interest Paid  26.11  17.53
Provision for Gratuity  6.19  4.69
Provision for Leave Encashment  3.56  1.76
Provision for doubtful debts  9.74  84.76
Provision for bonus  19.73  16.48
Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  (111.51)  93.39
Foreign Exchange Gain/Loss  (20.80)  1.47
Profit on disposal of asset  2.34  (0.48)
Operating Profit /(Loss) before Working Capital Changes  916.34  277.28
Adjusted for:
(Increase)/Decrease in Trade Receivables  (1,115.46)  (2,722.62)
(Increase)/Decrease in Inventories  (1,901.46)  605.96
(Increase)/Decrease Loans 2.17  (2.83)
(Increase)/Decrease Other Current Assets  (3,544.89)  (91.86)
(Increase)/Decrease in Financial Assets  136.57  (17.93)
(Increase)/Decrease Other non-Current Assets  (3.00)  1.99
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payable  4,077.44  (536.36)
Increase/(Decrease) in Lease Liabilities  78.09  (17.56)
Increase/(Decrease) in Provisions  9.82  2.53
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  37.27  1.11
Increase/(Decrease) in Financial Liabilities  27.35  (8.37)
Cash generated from operations  (1,279.76)  (2,508.66)
Income Tax Paid  (100.88)  318.54
Net cash from operating activities  (1,380.64)  (2,190.12)
B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Purchase of property, plant & equipment (including capital advances)  (115.98)  (56.14)
Sale of property, plant & equipment  2.76  5.57
Bank Balances not considered as Cash and Cash Equivalents  1,902.26  7,195.34
Other Investment  -  (8,408.47)
(Purchase)/Redemption of investments  (2,598.02)  3,761.17
Net Cash used in investing activities  (808.98)  2,497.47
Annual Report 2025-26
92


===== PAGE 320 =====
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31,2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
a. Cash on Hand  1.29  5.89
b. Balances with Banks  306.01  474.00
Total  307.30  479.89
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272BIOLXV7916 ICSI M.No.: A70561
1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Ind AS financial statements.
2. Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
3. Figures in brackets indicate cash outgo.
4. The above Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under “Indirect Method” set out in Ind AS 7 Statement of Cash Flow.
5. Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES :
Interest Paid  (26.11)  (17.53)
Proceeds / (Repayments) of Borrowings (net)  (5,940.02)  -
Proceeds / (Repayments) of short term Borrowings (net)  -  -
Expenses in relation to IPO  6,896.92  (32.60)
Proceeds / (Repayments) of share capital  1,086.25  -
Net Cash used in financing activities  2,017.04  (50.13)
Net increase / (decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  (172.59)  257.22
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the year  479.89  222.67
Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the year  307.30  479.89
93
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 321 =====
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
for the period March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  Balance as on 
01-04-2025
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
 Restated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
 Balance as on 
31-03-2026
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
Rights Issue of Shares  -  -  -  1,086.25  1,086.25
Total  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  1,086.25  5,431.25
(H In Lakhs.)
 Particulars  Balance as on 
01-04-2024
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Restated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
 Balance as on 
31-03-2025
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
Total  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
B. Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Reserve and surplus Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total other 
equitySecurities 
Premium
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at 31st March 2024  14,132.44  5,210.75  -  19,343.19
Net profit for the year  -  (215.02)  -  (215.02)
Remeasurement Gain/(Loss) on defined benefit plan 
(net off tax)
 -  -  (2.26)  (2.26)
Reserve during the year  (32.60)  -  -  (32.60)
Bonus Issue during the year  -  -  -  -
Expenses incurred for issuance of Bonus Shares  -  -  -  -
Balance as at 31st March 2025  14,099.84  4,995.73  (2.26)  19,093.31
Net profit for the year  -  554.82  -  554.82
Remeasurement Gain/(Loss) on defined benefit plan 
(net off tax)
 -  -  (0.43)  (0.43)
Reserve during the year  6,896.92  -  -  6,896.92
Rights Issue during the year  -  -  -  -
Expenses incurred for issuance of Bonus Shares  -  -  -  -
Balance as at 31st March 2026  20,996.76  5,550.55  (2.70)  26,544.62
Previous Reporting Period
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272BIOLXV7916 ICSI M.No.: A70561
A. Equity Share Capital
Current Reporting Period
1 The above Statement of Changes in Equity be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
2 Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
94


===== PAGE 322 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
Note I Corporate Information
Valiant Laboratories Limited (""VLL"" or ""the Company"") 
is a public limited company incorporated in India under the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, having Corporate 
Identification Number (CIN) L24299MH2021PLC365904. The 
Company's equity shares are listed on BSE Limited and the 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The registered office 
of the Company is located at 104, Udyog Kshetra, 1 st Floor, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund (West), Mumbai – 400 
080, Maharashtra.
The Company is engaged in the manufacturing of and dealing 
in Pharmaceuticals (Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients) and 
speciality chemicals, with its manufacturing facility located at 
Tarapur Industrial Area, Boisar, District Palghar, Maharashtra.
Note II Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates And Judgements
This note provides a list of the material accounting policies 
adopted in the preparation of these financial statements.The 
accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the 
previous financial year.
(1) Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements
 (i) Statement of Compliance
  The financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles in India (referred to as “IND AS”) as 
prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 as amended and relevant provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 including presentation and 
disclosure requirements of Division II of Schedule III 
of the Act as amended from time to time.
  In addition, the guidance notes/announcements 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (ICAI) are also applied except if compliance 
with other statutory promulgations require a 
different treatment.
  Accordingly, the Company has prepared these 
Financial Statements which comprise the Balance 
Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss for the year ended March 31, 2026, the Statement 
of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2026 and 
the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 
as on that date, and accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (together hereinafter referred 
to as ‘Standalone Financial Statements’)
  All the amounts included in the financial statements 
are reported in lakhs of Indian Rupees (‘Rupees’ or ‘H’) 
and are rounded to the nearest lakh, except per share 
data and unless stated otherwise.
  The financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended 31.3.2026 were approved for issue in 
accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors 
in its meeting held on 14th May, 2026
 (ii) Historical Cost Convention
  These Standalone financial statement are prepared 
under the historical cost convention on an accrual 
basis except for certain financial instrument, which 
are measured at fair value, which are disclosed in the 
financial statement.
(2) Classification of Assets and Liabilities
 (i) Current verus non-current classification
  All assets and liabilities have been classified as current 
or non-current as per company’s normal operating 
cycle and other criteria set out in the Division II of 
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 Based on the 
nature of products and the time between acquisition 
of assets for processing and their realisation in cash 
and cash equivalents, the company has ascertained its 
operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current 
and non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
 (ii) Use of accounting estimates and judgements
  The preparation of financial statements requires 
management judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that impacts the reported amounts of revenues, 
expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying 
notes thereon. Uncertainty about these assumptions 
and estimates could result in outcomes that might 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amount 
of assets and liabilities in future periods.
  (a) Estimates
   The preparation of the financial statements in 
conformity with IND AS requires management 
to make estimates, judgments and assumptions. 
These estimates, judgments and assumptions 
affect the application of accounting policies and 
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the 
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities 
at the date of financial statements and reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the 
period. Accounting estimates could change from 
period to period. Actual results could differ 
from those estimates. Appropriate changes in 
estimates are made as management becomes 
aware of circumstances surrounding the 
estimates. Changes in estimates are reflected in 
the financial statement in the period in which 
changes are made and if material, their effects are 
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
95
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 323 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
   The following are areas involving 
critical estimates:
   Impairment
   Accounting for Defined benefit plans
   Useful lives of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets - Fair Valuation of 
Financial instruments
   Valuation of Inventories
  (b) Judgments
   The company's management has made the 
following judgement, which have the most 
significant effect on the amounts recognised 
in the separate financial statements, while 
formulating the company's accounting policies.
   The following are areas involving 
critical judgments:
   Leases
   Estimation of income tax payable and income tax 
expense in relation to an uncertain tax position
   Provisions and Contingencies
(3) Property, plant and equipment (PPE) and Intangible 
assets
 (a) Property, plant and equipment (PPE)
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost 
net of tax /duty credit availed, less accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if 
any. Cost comprises of purchase price inclusive of non 
creditable taxes, commissioning expenses, etc. up to 
the date the asset is ready for its intended use. When 
significant parts of property, plant and equipment 
are required to be replaced at intervals, the company 
derecognizes the replace part and recognizes the 
new part with its own associated useful life and it 
is depreciated accordingly. Likewise, when a major 
inspection is performed, its cost is recognized in the 
carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a 
replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All 
other repair and maintenance cost are recognised in 
the statement of profit and loss as incurred.
  Advances paid towards acquisition of property, plant 
and equipment outstanding at each Balance Sheet 
date, are shown under other non-current assets and 
cost of assets not ready for intended use before the 
year end, are shown as capital work-in-progress
  Capital Work In Progress represents expenditure 
incurred on capital assets that are under construction 
or are pending capitalisation and includes Project 
expenses pending allocation. Project expenses 
pending allocation are apportioned to the property, 
Plant and equipment of the project proportionately on 
capitalisation.
  Borrowing cost on property, plant and equipment's 
are capitalised when the relevant recognition criteria 
specified in IND AS 23 Borrowing cost is met.
  Decommissioning costs, if any, on property, plant and 
equipment are estimated at their present value and 
capitalised as part of such assets.
  The residual value and useful lives of property, plant 
and equipment are reviewed at each financial year 
end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
 (b) Intangible assets
  Intangible assets are recognised when it is probable 
that the future economic benefits that are attributable 
to the asset will flow to the Company and the cost of 
the asset can be measured reliably. Intangible assets 
are stated at original cost net of tax/duty credits 
availed, if any, less accumulated amortisation and 
cumulative impairment. Administrative and other 
general overhead expenses that are specifically 
attributable to acquisition of intangible assets are 
allocated and capitalised as a part of the cost of the 
intangible assets. Intangible development costs are 
capitalised as and when technical and commercial 
feasibility of the asset is demonstrated and future 
economic benefits are probable.
  The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as 
either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite 
lives are amortised over the useful economic life 
and assessed for impairment whenever there is an 
indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. 
The amortisation period and the amortisation method 
for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are 
reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period.
 (c) Derecognition
  Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
are derecognised on disposal or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use and 
disposal. Losses arising from retirement and gains or 
losses arising from disposal of a property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets are measured as the 
difference between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (d) Research and Development
  Revenue expenditure on Research and Development 
is charged to statement of profit and loss in the year in 
which it is incurred. Capital expenditure on research 
Annual Report 2025-26
96


===== PAGE 324 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
and development is considered as an addition to 
property, plant and equipment/intangible assets.
  Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development 
expenditures on an individual project are recognised 
as an intangible asset when the Company 
can demonstrate:-
  development costs can be measured reliably;-
  the product or process is technically and 
commercially feasible;
  commercially feasible;
  future economic benefits are probable; and
  the Company intends to and has sufficient resources 
to complete development and to use or sell the asset.
  Following initial recognition of the development 
expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at cost 
less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated 
impairment losses. Amortisation of the asset begins 
when development is complete and the asset is 
available for use. It is amortised over the period of 
expected future benefit. Amortisation expense is 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss unless 
such expenditure forms part of carrying value of 
another asset. During the period of development, the 
asset is tested for impairment annually
 (e) Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and 
residual value
  Depreciation on Fixed Assets is provided on Straight 
Line Method (SLM) method as per rates prescribed 
in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013, except 
in the respect of the following assets, where useful 
life of asset is different than those prescribed in 
Schedule II of the Act.
Particulars  Depreciation
Factory Building (Useful 30 
Years )
Over its useful life 
as assessed
Plant & Machinery (Useful life 
19 years)
Over its useful life 
as assessed
Vehicle (Useful life 10 years) Over its useful life 
as assessed
Leasehold Land Over the period of 
lease term
  Depreciation and amortisation on property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets added/disposed off 
during the year has been provided on pro-rata basis 
with reference to the date/month of addition/disposal. 
Depreciation and amortisation methods, useful lives 
and residual values are reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period and adjusted if appropriate.
 (f) Impairement
  The Company assesses at each reporting the carrying 
amounts of its property, plant and equipment, 
intangible assets to determine whether there is 
any indication that those assets have suffered an 
impairment loss. If any indication exists, or when 
annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the 
Company estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. 
Impairment loss, if any, is provided to the extent that 
the carrying amount of assets exceeds their recoverable 
amount. Recoverable amount is higher of net selling 
price of an asset or its value in use. Value in use is the 
present value of estimated future cash flows expected 
to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from 
its disposal at the end of its useful life.
 (g) Non-current assets held for sale
  Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of 
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The 
determination of fair value less costs to sell includes 
use of management estimates and assumptions. The 
fair value of the assets held for sale has been estimated 
using valuation techniques (including income and 
market approach), which include unobservable inputs. 
Non-current assets and disposal group that ceases to 
be classified as “Held for Sale” shall be measured at 
the lower of carrying amount before the non-current 
asset and disposal group was classified as “Held for 
Sale” and its recoverable amount at the date of the 
subsequent decision not to sell. Recoverable amounts 
of assets reclassified from “Held for Sale” have been 
estimated using the Management’s assumptions.
(4) Financial assets, financial liabilities, equity 
instruments and impairment of financial assets
 A Financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a 
financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity 
instrument of another entity.
 Financial assets and liabilities are recognised when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets 
and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are 
added to or deducted from the fair value measured on 
initial recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
 The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, 
or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all 
the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another 
entity. The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, 
and only when, the Company’s obligations are discharged, 
cancelled or have expired.
97
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 325 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 (a) Financial assets
  Financial assets at amortised cost
  Financial assets are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is to hold these 
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and 
the contractual terms of the financial assets give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding
  Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income if these financial assets 
are held within a business whose objective is achieved 
by both collecting contractual cash flows on specified 
dates that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding and 
selling financial assets. The Company has made an 
irrevocable election to present subsequent changes 
in the fair value of equity investments not held for 
trading in other comprehensive income
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
profit or loss unless they are measured at amortised 
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income on initial recognition. The transaction costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss are immediately recognised in statement of 
profit and loss.
 (b) Financial liabilities
  Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method. Other financial 
liabilities (including loans and borrowings, bank 
overdrafts and trade and other payables) are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method.
  The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments (including 
all fees and amounts paid or received that form an 
integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction 
costs and other premiums or discounts) through 
the expected life of the financial liability, or (where 
appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost on 
initial recognition.
  Interest expense (based on the effective interest 
method), foreign exchange gains and losses, and any 
gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
  For trade and other payables maturing within one year 
from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts 
approximate fair value due to the short maturity of 
these instruments
 (c) De-recognition of Financial Instruments:
  A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a 
financial asset or part of a group of similar financial 
assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from 
the Company’s balance sheet) when:
  The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have 
expired, or The Company has transferred its rights 
to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed 
an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full 
without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-
through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Company has 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, or (b) the Company has neither transferred 
nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
  When the Company has transferred its rights to 
receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into 
a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and to 
what extent it has retained the risks and rewards 
of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the 
asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Company 
continues to recognise the transferred asset to the 
extent of the Company’s continuing involvement. In 
that case, the Company also recognises an associated 
liability. The transferred asset and the associated 
liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights 
and obligations that the Company has retained.
  A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation 
under the liability is discharged or cancelled or 
expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced 
by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability 
are substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition of the 
original liability and the recognition of a new liability. 
The difference in the respective carrying amounts is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (d) Equity Investments
  All equity investments (excluding the investments in 
Subsidiaries) in the scope of Ind AS 109 are measured 
at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for 
trading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity 
instruments, the Company may make an irrevocable 
election to present in other comprehensive income 
subsequent changes in the fair value. The Company 
makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument 
basis. The classification is made on initial recognition 
Annual Report 2025-26
98


===== PAGE 326 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
and is irrevocable. If the Company decides to classify 
an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are 
recognised in the OCI. There is no recycling of the 
amounts from OCI to the statement of profit and loss, 
even on sale of investment. However, the Company 
may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within 
equity. Equity instruments included within the FVTPL 
category are measured at fair value with all changes 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 (e) Investment in subsidiaries
  Equity investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost 
less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Where an 
indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount 
of the investment is assessed and written down 
immediately to its recoverable amount. On disposal 
of investments in subsidiaries, the difference between 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (f) Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is a contract that evidences 
residual interest in the assets of the Company after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments 
issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds 
received net of direct issue cost.
 (g) Impairment of Financial Assets:
  In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Company uses 
‘Expected Credit Loss’ (ECL) model, for evaluating 
impairment of all Financial Assets subsequent to 
initial recognition other than financial assets measured 
at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL). The 
Company uses historical default rates to determine 
impairment loss on the portfolio of trade receivables. 
At every reporting date these historical default rates 
are reviewed and changes in the forward-looking 
estimates are analysed. For other financial assets, 
the Company uses 12 month ECL to provide for 
impairment loss where there is no significant increase 
in credit risk since its initial recognition. If there 
is significant increase in credit risk since its initial 
recognition full lifetime ECL is used. The impairment 
losses and reversals are recognised in Statement of 
Profit and Loss. ECL is the difference between all 
contractual cash flows that are due to the Company 
in accordance with the contract and all the cash 
flows that the entity expects to receive (i.e., all cash 
shortfalls), discounted at the original EIR.
 (h) Offsetting
  Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and 
the net amount presented in the Balance Sheet when, 
and only when, the Company currently has a legally 
enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends 
either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset 
and settle the liability simultaneously.
 (i) Share Capital
  Equity shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs 
directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are 
recognised as a deduction from equity. Income tax 
relating to transaction costs of an equity transaction is 
accounted for in accordance with Ind AS 12.
(5) Inventories
 Inventories are valued at lower of cost or net realisable 
value except scrap, which is valued at net estimated 
realisable value.
 The methods of determining cost of various categories of 
inventories are as follows:
Raw Material & Paking Material : FIFO Method
Stores and spares : Weighted Average 
Method
Work-in-progress and finished 
goods (manufactured)
: Weighted Average 
Method
Finished goods (traded) : FIFO Method
Goods in transit : Cost of Purchase
Fuel & Consumables : Weighted Average 
Method
 Cost includes all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and 
other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their 
present location and condition.
 Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make 
the sale. The net realisable value of work-inprogress is 
determined with reference to the selling prices of related 
finished products. Raw materials and other supplies held 
for use in the production of finished products are not 
written down below cost, except in cases where material 
prices have declined and it is estimated that the cost of the 
finished products will exceed their net realisable value. The 
comparison of cost and net realisable value is made on an 
item-byitem basis.
(6) Cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and 
demand deposit with banks, which are short term, highly 
liquid investment, that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk 
of change in value.
99
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 327 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
(7) Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets
 (a) Provisions
  The Company recognizes a provision when: it has a 
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of 
past events, it is likely that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has 
been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized 
for future operating losses. Provisions are reviewed at 
each balance sheet and adjusted to reflect the current 
best estimates.
 (b) Contingent liabilities
  Contingent liabilities are disclosed in respect of 
possible obligations that arise from past event, whose 
existence would be confirmed by the occurrence or 
non occurrence of one or more uncertain future events 
not wholly within the control of the Company. A 
contingent liability also arises, in rare cases, where 
a liability cannot be recognised because it cannot be 
measured reliably.Contingent liabilities are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date
 (c) Contingent Assets
  A contingent assets is not recognised unless it become 
virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefit 
will arise. When an inflow of economic benefits 
is probable, contingent assets are disclosed in the 
financial statements. Contingent assets are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date
(8) Revenue Recognition
 Ind AS 115 applies, with limited exceptions, to all revenue 
arising from contracts with its customers. Ind AS 115 
establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising 
from contracts with customers and requires that revenue 
be recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration 
to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange 
for transferring goods or services to a customer. Ind AS 
115 requires entities to exercise judgment, taking into 
consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances 
when applying each step of the model to contracts with 
their customers. It also specifies the accounting for the 
incremental costs of obtaining a contract and the costs 
directly related to fulfilling a contract.
 (a) Sale of goods : Revenue from sale of goods is 
recognised when control of the products being sold 
is transferred to our customer and when there are 
no longer any unfulfilled obligations. Income from 
services rendered is recognised based on agreements/ 
arrangements with the customers as the service is 
performed and there are no unfulfilled obligations. 
The Company recognises revenue from goods sold 
and services rendered at Transaction Price which is 
the amount of consideration the Company expects to 
be entitled to in exchange for transferring promised 
goods or services to a customer, excluding the 
amounts collected on behalf of a third party. The 
Transaction price is net of discounts, sales incentives, 
rebates granted, returns, sales taxes, GST and duties 
and any other recoverable taxes
  Generally, in case of domestic sales, performance 
obligations are satisfied when the goods are dispatched 
or delivery is handed over to transporter, revenue 
from export of goods is recognised at the time of Bill 
of lading or airway bill or any other similar document 
evidencing delivery thereof.
 (b) Interest Income : Interest income from a financial 
asset is recognised when it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company and the 
amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest 
income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the 
principle outstanding and at the effective interest rate 
applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts 
estimated future cash receipts through the expected 
life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying 
amount on initial recognition.
 (c) Dividend income : Dividend income is recognised 
when the right to receive the dividend is established, it 
is probable that the economic benefits associated with 
the dividend will flow to the entity and the amount of 
the dividend can be measured reliably.
 (d) Export benefits : Export incentives are recognised as 
income when the right to receive credit as per the terms 
of the scheme is established in respect of the exports 
made and where there is no significant uncertainty 
regarding the ultimate collection of the relevant export 
proceeds.Such export incentives are recorded as part 
of other operating revenue
 (e) Contract asset & liabilities : Contract assets are 
recognised when there is excess of revenue earned 
over billings on contracts, excluding amounts 
classified as unbilled receivables (only act of invoicing 
is pending) when there is unconditional right to 
receive cash and only passage of time is required as 
per contractual terms.
  Contract liabilities are recognised when there are 
billings in excess of revenues. Contract liabilities relate 
to the advance received from customers and deferred 
revenue against which revenue is recognised when or 
as the performance obligation is satisfied.
(9) Retirement and other employee benefits
 The Company recognizes employee benefits as per the 
principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind 
AS) 19 – Employee Benefits, as set out below:
Annual Report 2025-26
100


===== PAGE 328 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 (a) Short-term Employee Benefits
  Short-term employee benefits are those which are 
due to be settled wholly within twelve months after 
the end of the period in which the employees render 
the related services. These include salaries, wages, 
bonuses, performance incentives, compensated 
absences (if expected to be availed within 12 months), 
and other non-monetary benefits. The undiscounted 
amount of short-term employee benefits is recognized 
as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the 
period in which the related service is rendered.
 (b) Post Employee Benefits
  Post Employee benefits plans are classified into 
defined benefits plans and defined contribution 
plans as under:
  (i) Defined Contribution Plans
   The Company’s contributions to Provident 
Fund and other defined contribution plans are 
recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss in the period in which the employees 
render services. The Company has no further 
obligation beyond its monthly contribution.
  (ii) Defined Benefit Plans
   The Company provides for gratuity, a defined 
benefit plan, in accordance with the Payment of 
Gratuity Act, 1972. The liability is determined 
using the Projected Unit Credit Method, with 
actuarial valuations being carried out at the 
end of each reporting period. The defined 
benefit liability recognized in the balance sheet 
represents the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation as reduced by the fair value of 
plan assets (if any).
   Actuarial gains and losses arising from 
experience adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognized immediately in 
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) and are not 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
   Past service cost is recognized immediately in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss. The net interest 
cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to 
the net defined benefit liability or asset.
 (c) Other Long-term Employee Benefits
  The Company’s obligation in respect of other long-
term employee benefits is the amount of future 
benefit that employees have earned in return for their 
service in the current and prior periods. That benefit 
is discounted to determine its present value. Re-
measurements are recognised in profit or loss in the 
period in which they arise
 (d) Termination Benefits
  Termination benefits are recognised as an expense 
when, as a result of a past event, the Company has a 
present obligation that can be estimated reliably, and 
it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will 
be required to settle the obligation.
 (e) Actuarial valuation
  The liability in respect of all defined benefit plans 
and other long term benefits is accrued in the books 
of account on the basis of actuarial valuation carried 
out by an independent actuary using the Projected 
Unit Credit Method. The obligation is measured at the 
present value of estimated future cash flows
  Remeasurement gains and losses on other long term 
benefits are recognised in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss in the year in which they arise. Remeasurement 
gains and losses in respect of all defined benefit plans 
arising from experience adjustments and changes in 
actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period 
in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive 
income. They are included in other equity in the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and in the Balance 
Sheet. Changes in the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments 
or curtailments are recognised immediately in profit 
or loss as past service cost. Gains or losses on the 
curtailment or settlement of any defined benefit plan 
are recognised when the curtailment or settlement 
occurs. Any differential between the plan assets (for 
a funded defined benefit plan) and the defined benefit 
obligation as per actuarial valuation is recognised as a 
liability if it is a deficit or as an asset if it is a surplus (to 
the extent of the lower of present value of any economic 
benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan 
or reduction in future contribution to the plan).
  Past service cost is recognised as an expense in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis 
over the average period until the benefits become 
vested. To the extent that the benefits are already 
vested immediately following the introduction of, or 
changes to, a defined benefit plan, the past service cost 
is recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss. Past service cost may be either positive 
(where benefits are introduced or improved) or 
negative (where existing benefits are reduced).
(10) Borrowing costs
 Borrowing costs include interest, other costs incurred 
in connection with borrowing and exchange differences 
arising from foreign currency borrowings to the extent 
that they are regarded as an adjustment to the interest cost. 
General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable 
to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying 
101
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 329 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial 
period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, 
are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the 
assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. 
All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of 
profit and loss in the period in which they are incurred
 In determining the amount of borrowing costs eligible for 
capitalization during a period, any income earned on the 
temporary investment of those borrowings is deducted 
from the borrowing costs incurred.
(11) Exceptional items
 Exceptional items refer to items of income or expense within 
the Statement of Profit and Loss from ordinary activities 
which are non-recurring and are of such size, nature or 
incidence that their separate disclosure is considered 
necessary to explain the performance of the Company.
(12) Taxes
 Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. 
It is recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss except to 
the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items 
recognised directly in equity or in OCI.
 (a) Current Tax
  Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or 
receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year 
and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable 
in respect of previous years. The amount of current 
tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the 
tax amount expected to be paid or received after 
considering uncertainty related to income taxes, if any. 
It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date.
  Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if there 
is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset and 
settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
 (b) Deferred Tax
  Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary 
differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the 
amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is 
not recognised for
  Temporary differences related to freehold land and 
investments in subsidiaries, to the extent that the 
Company is able to control the timing of the reversal 
of the temporary differences and it is probable that 
they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and 
taxable temporary differences arising on the initial 
recognition of goodwill.
  Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax 
losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which they 
can be used. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are 
reassessed at each reporting date and recognised 
to the extent that it has become probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which 
they can be used.
  Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to be applied to the period when the asset 
is realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws 
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the reporting date. The measurement of deferred 
tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow 
from the manner in which the Company expects, at 
the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying 
amount of its assets and liabilities.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if there 
is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset and 
settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
  Deferred income tax is not provided on the 
undistributed earnings of the subsidiaries where it is 
expected that the earnings of the subsidiary will not be 
distributed in the foreseeable future.
(13) Leases :
 The Company assesses whether a contract contains a 
lease, at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the 
right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company 
assesses whether:(1) the contact involves the use of an 
identified asset; (2) the Company has substantially all of the 
economic benefits from use of the asset through the period 
of the lease; and (3) the Company has the right to direct the 
use of the asset.
 The right-of-use assets are initially recognised at cost,which 
comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for 
any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement 
date of the lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease 
incentives. They are subsequently measured at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any.
 Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the commencement 
date on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term 
and useful life of the underlying asset. Right-of-use assets 
are tested for impairment whenever there is any indication 
that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
Impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Annual Report 2025-26
102


===== PAGE 330 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost 
at the present value of the future lease payments. The 
lease payments are discounted using the interest rate 
implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, using 
the incremental borrowing rates based on information 
available as at the date of commencement of the lease. Lease 
liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment 
to the related right-of-use asset if the Company changes 
its assessment of whether it will exercise an extension or 
a termination option. Lease liability and right-of-use asset 
have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and 
lease payments have been classified as financing cash flows.
 Ind AS 116 requires lessees to determine the lease term 
as the non-cancellable period of a lease adjusted with 
any option to extend or terminate the lease, if the use of 
such option is reasonably certain. The Company makes an 
assessment on the expected lease term on a lease-by-lease 
basis and thereby assesses whether it is reasonably certain 
that any options to extend or terminate the contract will 
be exercised. In evaluating the lease term, the Company 
considers factors such as any significant leasehold 
improvements undertaken over the lease term, costs 
relating to the termination of the lease and the importance 
of the underlying asset to Company’s operations taking 
into account the location of the underlying asset and the 
availability of suitable alternatives. The lease term in future 
periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects 
the current economic circumstances
(14) Foreign Currency Transactions:
 (a) Functional and presentation currency
  The functional currency of the Company is the Indian 
rupee. These financial statements are presented 
in Indian rupees
 (b) Transactions and balances
  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the 
functional currency using the exchange rates at the 
dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains 
and losses resulting from the settlement of such 
transactions and from the translation of monetary 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies 
at balance sheet date exchange rates are generally 
recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss.
  Non-monetary items that are measured at fair 
value in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the fair value was 
determined. Translation differences on assets and 
liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of 
the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation 
differences on nonmonetary assets such as equity 
investments classified as FVOCI are recognised in 
other comprehensive income (OCI)
(15) Government Grants :
 Government grants are recognised at their fair value where 
there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received 
and the Company will comply with all attached conditions
 Government grants relating to the purchase of property, 
plant and equipment are included in non current liabilities 
as deferred income and are credited to the statement of 
profit and loss on a straight line basis over the expected life 
of the related assets and presented within other income.
 Government grants relating to income are deferred and 
recognised in the statement of profit and Loss over the 
period necessary to match them with the costs that they are 
intended to compensate and presented within other income.
(16) Earnings Per Share :
 (a) Basic earnings per share
  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing: the 
profit attributable to owners of the Company by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements 
in equity shares issued during the year.
 (b) Diluted earnings per share
  Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used 
in the determination of basic earnings per share to 
take into account
  The after income tax effect of interest and other 
financing costs associated with dilutive potential 
equity shares, and
  The weighted average number of additional equity 
shares that would have been outstanding assuming 
the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares
(17) Fair Value Measurement
 The company measures financial instruments, such as, 
derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date. Fair 
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair 
value measurement is based on the presumption that the 
transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes 
place either: -
 In the principal market for the asset or liability, or - In the 
absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous 
market for the asset or liability The principal or the most 
advantageous market must be accessible by the Company.
 The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using 
the assumptions that market participants would use 
when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best interest.
103
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 331 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 A fair measurement of a non financial assets takes into 
account a market participant's ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by 
selling it to another market participant that would use the 
asset in its highest and best use.
 The company use valuation techniques that are appropriate in 
the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to 
measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable 
inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.
 All Assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole :-
 Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly observable.
 Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly unobservable.
 For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the balance 
sheet on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by 
re assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) 
at the end of each reporting period.
 For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has 
determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of 
the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability 
and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
(18) Events after the reporting period
 Events after the reporting period are those events, 
favourable and unfavourable, that occur between the end 
of the reporting period and the date when the financial 
statements are approved by the Board of Directors in case of 
a company, and, by the corresponding approving authority 
in case of any other entity for issue.
 Two types of events can be identified:
 (a) those that provide evidence of conditions that existed 
at the end of the reporting period (adjusting events 
after the reporting period); and
 (b) those that are indicative of conditions that arose after 
the reporting period (non-adjusting events after the 
reporting period).
(19) Recent Pronouncements
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standard or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued 
from time to time
 MCA has notified amendments to Ind AS 1 – Presentation 
of Financial Statements (classification of liabilities as current 
or non-current, including liabilities with covenants), Ind 
AS 12 – Income Taxes (International Tax Reform – Pillar 
Two Model Rules), Ind AS 21 – The Effects of Changes in 
Foreign Exchange Rates (Lack of Exchangeability), and Ind 
AS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107 – Financial 
Instruments: Disclosures (Supplier Finance Arrangements), 
effective from 1 April 2025. The Company has reviewed 
these amendments and based on its evaluation, has 
determined that they do not have any impact on the 
standalone financial statements.
(20) Previous Year
 Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged 
wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
104


===== PAGE 332 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Leasehold  Buildings  Plant & 
Equipments
 Plant & 
Equipments 
Energy 
Saving 
Device
 Electric 
Installation
 Laboratory 
Testing 
Equipments
 Furniture & 
Fixture  Vehicles  Office 
Equipments  Computers  Total
 Capital 
Work in 
Progress 
(CWIP)
Opening gross carrying amount as at 1st April 2024  449.88  1,027.24  2,442.94  0.05  29.92  6.62  11.30  95.38  11.37  7.63  4,082.33  21.86
Addition  3.00  20.82  4.03  1.08  1.99  2.73  1.04  34.70  7.61
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -  -
Disposals  (2.51)  (2.51)  (12.86)
Closing Gross carrying amount ended March 31,2025  449.88  1,030.24  2,461.26  0.05  33.95  7.70  13.29  95.38  14.10  8.67  4,114.52  16.61
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  98.46  265.15  561.21  0.02  9.26  1.93  3.31  36.53  4.44  5.01  985.33  -
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.61  122.54  0.00  2.88  0.72  1.17  9.06  2.36  2.60  181.20
Disposals  (1.57)  (1.57)
Closing accumulated depreciation  105.72  297.77  682.18  0.02  12.14  2.65  4.48  45.60  6.80  7.61  1,164.96  -
Net carrying amount Year ended March 31, 2025  344.15  732.48  1,779.08  0.03  21.81  5.06  8.81  49.79  7.30  1.06  2,949.56  16.61
Opening gross carrying amount as at 1st April 2025  449.88  1,030.24  2,461.26  0.05  33.95  7.70  13.29  95.38  14.10  8.67  4,114.52  16.61
Addition  -  -  88.25  -  0.95  3.87  0.25  -  2.55  0.24  96.11  38.99
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -  5.42  8.84  -  -  0.13  0.06  -  0.11  1.71  16.27  (19.87)
Sale of asset  -  -  (9.13)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1.15)  (10.27)  -
Disposals of asset  -  -  (23.34)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (23.34)  -
Closing Gross carrying amount ended March 31,2026  449.88  1,035.67  2,525.89  0.05  34.90  11.70  13.60  95.38  16.76  9.47  4,193.29  35.73
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  105.72  297.77  682.18  0.02  12.14  2.65  4.48  45.60  6.80  7.61  1,164.96  -
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.65  144.49  0.00  3.18  0.82  1.28  9.07  2.85  0.49  202.09  -
Sale of asset  -  -  (4.05)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1.09)  (5.15)  -
Disposals of asset  -  -  (5.18)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (5.18)  -
Closing accumulated depreciation  112.98  330.41  817.43  0.02  15.32  3.47  5.76  54.66  9.66  7.01  1,356.73  -
Net carrying amount Year ended March 31, 2026  336.89  705.25  1,708.46  0.03  19.58  8.24  7.84  40.72  7.10  2.46  2,836.56  35.73
2- Property, Plant and Equipment
105
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 333 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  26.73  9.00  -  -  35.73
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars - Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -  -  -  -  -
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  7.61  9.00  -  -  16.61
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars - Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -  -  -  -  -
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars
 Description 
of item of 
property
 Gross carrying 
value  
(H in lakhs)
 Title deeds 
held in the 
name of
 Whether title 
deed holder 
is a promoter, 
director or 
relative of 
promoter/ 
director or 
employee of 
promoter/
director
Property held 
since which 
date
NA NA NA NA NA NA
2- Property, Plant and Equipment (Contd..)
2.1 Capital Work-In-Progress (CWIP) Ageing Schedule
 As on March 31, 2026:
 As on March 31, 2025:
2.2 Intangible assets under development Aging Schedule
 As on March 31, 2026:
 As on March 31, 2025:
2.3 Details of Title Deed not held in the name of the company
Annual Report 2025-26
106


===== PAGE 334 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Right-of-Use Asset 
Building
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024  152.53
Additions  -
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2025  152.53
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2024  88.80
Depreciation charge for the year  19.06
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2025  107.86
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  44.66
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2025  152.53
Additions  98.91
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  251.43
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2025  107.86
Depreciation charge for the year  20.99
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  128.86
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2026  122.57
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Amount
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024  -
Additions  13.82
Disposals  (4.14)
As at 31st March 2025  9.68
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2024  -
Depreciation charge for the year  3.18
Disposals  (0.98)
As at 31st March 2025  2.20
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  7.48
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2025  9.68
Additions  3.60
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  13.28
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2025  2.20
Depreciation charge for the year  3.08
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  5.28
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2026  8.00
3(a) Right-of-Use Asset
3(b) Intangible Asset
107
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 335 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
4 Investment
4.1 Non Current Investments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
No of Shares Amount No of Shares Amount
Investments - (Unquoted) in Equity
Shares of Subsidiary Companies (Valued at cost)
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited
- Investments in Equity Shares  31,160  16,505.80  26,030  12,504.40
- Investments in Optionally Convertible Preference 
Shares
 -  -  5,130  4,001.40
Total  31,160  16,505.80  31,160  16,505.80
 The increase in investment in equity shares is on account of conversion of OCPS into Equity on February 10,2026 1% Non-
Cumulative Optionally Convertible Preference Shares (“OCPRS”) of face value H 10/- each, fully paid-up, issued at an issue price 
of H 78,000/- per OCPRS (including a premium of H 77,990/-), into 5,130 (Five Thousand One Hundred Thirty) Equity Shares of 
face value H 10/- each, in the conversion ratio of 1:1 (1 Equity Share for every 1 OCPRS), as determined in accordance with the 
valuation report dated October 06, 2023, and as per the terms of the approved issue conditions
 Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 27 - Separate Financial Statements
 Investments in the following subsidiaries are accounted at cost
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of the Subsidiary Principal 
Activity
Country of 
Incorporation
% of equity interest
31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited Speciality 
Chemical
India 100 100
4.2 Current Investments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Other Investments - FVTPL
Quoted Investments
- Investments in Mutual Fund -Measured at FVTPL  2,598.02  -
Total  2,598.02  -
 Other Investments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
No of Units  Amount No of Units  Amount
Investments carried at fair value -Measured at FVTPL
 Investments in Mutual Fund (Quoted)
 - HSBC Money Market Fund Direct Growth  43,28,477.58  1,253.24  -  -
 - Kotak Savings Fund Growth  15,04,501.75  673.52  -  -
 - SBI Low Duration Fund Regular Growth Fund  18,476.59  671.26  -  -
 58,51,455.92  2,598.02  -  -
 1. Aggregate value of quoted investments and its market value is H 2,598.02 lakhs (PY Nil).
5 Other Non-current Financial Assets
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Security Deposits
Security Deposit  145.50  282.07
Unsecured, Considered Good
Total  145.50  282.07
Annual Report 2025-26
108


===== PAGE 336 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
6 Other Non Current Assets
(Unsecured, unless otherwise stated)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Capital Advances  -  -
Prepaid Expenses  3.00  -
Total  3.00  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year  109.17  24.41
Allowances/(write back) during the year  10.94  100.34
Written off against past provision  (1.20)  (15.58)
Balance at the end of the year  118.91  109.17
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Trade receivables  8,444.39  7,319.19
Less: Impairment Allowance  (118.91)  (109.17)
Trade Receivables (net)  8,325.48  7,210.02
Break-up of above details
(i) Unsecured, considered good  8,325.48  7,210.02
(ii) Unsecured, credit impaired  118.91  109.17
 8,444.39  7,319.19
Less: Impairment Allowance  (118.91)  (109.17)
Total  8,325.48  7,210.02
7 Inventories (at lower of cost and net realisable value)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Inventories
Raw Material (including stock in transit)  2,063.89  141.78
Work-in-Progress  203.37  56.98
Finished Goods  11.44  179.21
Packing Materials  7.77  5.75
Stores & Spares  10.57  11.86
Total  2,297.04  395.58
8 Trade Receivables
(a) Due to the short nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract.
(b) The Company applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment losses on trade 
receivables. The Company follows the simplified approach for recognition of impairment allowance on trade receivables. 
The application of the simplified approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises 
impairment allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised 
during the period is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected under the head ‘other expenses’ in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
(c) Movement in impairment allowance on trade receivables
109
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 337 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Cash and Cash Equivalents
(a) Balances with banks  306.01  474.00
(b) Cash on hand  1.29  5.89
Total  307.30  479.89
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Other Bank Balances
Fixed Deposits  351.74  2,254.00
(Maturity for less than twelve months)
Total  351.74  2,254.00
8 Trade Receivables (Contd..)
(d) Trade receivables (current) ageing :
 As at 31st March, 2026
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month
 6 Month 
to 1 Year  1-2 Year  2-3 Year  More than 
3 Year  Total
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 6,174.32  2,038.11  -  54.27  58.78  -  8,325.48
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  2.17  110.21  6.53  118.91
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  -
 6,174.32  2,038.11  -  56.44  168.99  6.53  8,444.39
Less - Impairment Allowance  -  -  -  -  -  -  (118.91)
Total  6,174.32  2,038.11  -  56.44  168.99  6.53  8,325.48
 As at 31 March, 2025
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month
 6 Month 
to 1 Year  1-2 Year  2-3 Year  More than 
3 Year  Total
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 5,885.20  1,198.47  44.98  81.36  -  -  7,210.02
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  100.34  -  8.83  109.17
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 5,885.20  1,198.47  44.98  181.70  -  8.83  7,319.19
Less - Impairment Allowance  -  -  -  -  -  -  (109.17)
Total  5,885.20  1,198.47  44.98  181.70  -  8.83  7,210.02
9 Cash and Cash Equivalents
10 Bank Balances Other than Cash & Cash Equivalents
Annual Report 2025-26
110


===== PAGE 338 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
11 Current Financial Assets - Loans (at amortised cost)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Unsecured, Considered Good
Loan to Employees  3.69  5.86
Total  3.69  5.86
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Advance Tax and Tax Deducted at Source (Net of Provision)  81.71  147.03
Total  81.71  147.03
12 Other Current Assets
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars 31st March 2026 31st March 2025
Other Current Assets
Balance with Statutory / Government Authorities  1,244.05  1,122.76
Receivable - Others  515.58  25.07
Prepaid Expenses  15.68  15.09
Advance to Suppliers  3,191.85  227.81
Custom Duty paid in Advance  -  38.82
Total  4,967.16  1,429.55
13 Current Tax Assets (Net)
14 Equity Share Capital
14.1 Authorised Share Capital
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount
Authorised:
6,00,00,000 Equity Shares of H 10/- each  6,00,00,000  6,000.00  6,00,00,000  6,000.00
Total  6,00,00,000  6,000.00  6,00,00,000  6,000.00
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount
Equity Share Capital  4,34,50,000  4,345.00  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
Add: Right Issue of Shares  1,08,62,500  1,086.25  -  -
Total  5,43,12,500  5,431.25  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
 Issued, Subscribed & Paid Up:
 *The increase in equity share capital is on account of Rights Issue Equity Shares on August 11, 2025, where No. of shares allotted were 1,08,62,500 at Issue 
price of H 75 each (Face Value H10 and Securities Premium H65)
 Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
 Equity Shares
 The Company has only one class of Shares referred to as Equity Shares having par value of H10. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive 
remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the 
number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
111
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 339 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
14 Equity Share Capital (Contd..)
14.2 Reconciliation of Equity Shares Outstanding
 A. Reconciliation of number of ordinary equity shares outstanding
(H In Lakhs.)
Ordinary Equity Shares Outstanding March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount
Shares outstanding at the beginning of 
the year
 4,34,50,000  4,345.00  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
Add: Right Issue of Shares  1,08,62,500  1,086.25  -  -
Shares outstanding at the end of the year  5,43,12,500  5,431.25  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
14.3 Details of Shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares
 A. Ordinary Equity Shares
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2026
 Number  % of Holding  Number  % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,54,37,500 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  50,84,612 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
(H In Lakhs.)
Ordinary Equity Shares March 31, 2026 March 31, 2026
 Number  % of Holding  Number  % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,54,37,500 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  50,84,612 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Kanchan Shantilal Vora  20,18,362 3.72%  16,14,690 3.72%
- Rachi Santosh Vora  8,662 0.02%  6,930 0.02%
- Varsha Paresh Shah  2,887 0.01%  2,310 0.01%
- Sangita Manoj Jain  1,490 0.00%  1,000 0.00%
 B Details of Shares held by Promoter and Promoter Group
15 Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
a. Securities Premium  20,996.76  14,099.84
b. Retained Earning  5,550.55  4,995.74
c. Other Comprehensive income  (2.70)  (2.26)
Total, Other Equity  26,544.62  19,093.31
Nature and Purpose of Reserves
Securities Premium
Security Premium Reserve is the additional amount charged on the face value of any share when the shares are issued, 
redeemed, and forfeited.
Retained Earning
Retained earning are the profits that the Company has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, any transfers from or to 
other comprehensive income, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders.
Annual Report 2025-26
112


===== PAGE 340 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
15 Other Equity (Contd..)
a. Securities Premium
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Opening Balance  14,099.84  14,132.44
Add - Reserve During the year  6,896.92  (32.60)
Closing Balance  20,996.76  14,099.84
b. Retained Earning
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Retained Earning
Opening Balance (Surplus in Profit & Loss)  4,995.73  5,210.75
Add: Net Profit for the year  554.82  (215.02)
Less:Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  -
Amount available for appropriation  5,550.55  4,995.74
Appropriation  -
Closing Balance  5,550.55  4,995.74
c. Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Opening Balance  (2.26)  -
Add: Fair value changes of various Financial intruments  -  -
Add: Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  (0.43)  (2.26)
Less : Transfer to retained earnings on disposal of FVOCI equity instruments  -  -
Closing Balance  (2.70)  (2.26)
16 Borrowings
16.1 Non-current
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(a) Unsecured
Balance as on March 31, 2026
- Indian currency loan  -  5,940.02
Total  -  5,940.02
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(a) Repayable on demand from Banks (secured)
Cash Credit Facility  -  -
Total  -  -
16.2 Current
 Footnotes:
 1 Working capital facilities from banks as at March 31, 2026 amounting to H Nil (P.Y - Nil) were secured by a first pari passu 
charge on the stock of raw materials, finished goods, stock in process, consumable stores ,book debts of the Company & 
Immovable Property - Factory Land & Building at L-13 , L-28 , L-28PT , L-29 and L-30 at MIDC Tarapur.
 2 The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
 3 There are no material differences between the quarterly statements of stock filed by the company with banks and the 
books of accounts.
 4 The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender in accordance 
with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
113
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 341 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
17 Lease Liability
17.1 Non-current
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Long term maturities of lease obligations  79.78  25.13
Total  79.78  25.13
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Current maturities of finance lease obligations  46.55  23.10
Total  46.55  23.10
17.2 Current
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company has lease contracts for its office premises and godowns with lease term between 1 year to 5 years. The 
Company’s obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company is 
restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets.
  (a) The movement in lease liabilities during the year ended 31 March, 2026 and 31 March, 2025 is as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Balance at the beginning  48.23  65.79
Additions  98.91  -
Accretion of interest  4.61  5.54
Payment of lease liabilities  (25.43)  (23.10)
Balance at the end  126.33  48.23
Non-current  79.78  25.13
Current  46.55  23.10
  (b) The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Depreciation on right-of-use assets  20.99  19.06
Interest expense on lease liabilities  4.61  5.54
Expense relating to short-term leases  25.43  23.10
Total amount recognised in statement of profit and loss  51.03  47.70
18 Other Non-Current Financial Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Security Deposit
Aarti Industries Ltd  96.14  96.14
Total  96.14  96.14
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Provision For Employees Benefit
Provision for Gratuity  -  -
Provision for Leave Salary  10.74  8.56
Provision for Bonus  -  -
Total  10.74  8.56
19 Provisions
19.1 Non-current
Annual Report 2025-26
114


===== PAGE 342 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Provision For Employees Benefit
Provision for Gratuity  1.09  (3.68)
Provision for Leave Salary  0.86  1.20
Provision for Bonus  19.22  16.01
Total  21.17  13.53
19 Provisions (Contd..)
19.2 Current
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company presents provision for gratuity and leave salaries as current and non-current based on actuarial valuation 
considering estimates of availment of leave, separation of employees, etc.
 (ii) Detailed disclosure in respect of post-retirement defined benefit schemes is provided in Note 29.
20 Deferred Tax
Major components of deferred tax liabilities/(assets) arising on account of timing difference:
As at 31st March, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
 Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2025
Charge / (Credit) to 
Statement of Profit 
and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
As on 31st 
March, 2026
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per the 
books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 183.64  11.61  -  195.25
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:  -  -  -
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (33.80)  (3.74)  -  (37.54)
Fair Value Adjustments on Security Deposit  (2.02)  4.25  -  2.23
Fair Value Gain on Investments  -  0.32  -  0.32
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  0.76  (0.76)  (0.42)  (0.42)
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 -  -  -  -
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (23.38)  22.44  -  (0.94)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  125.20  34.11  (0.42)  158.90
As at 31st March, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2024
Charge / (Credit) to 
Statement of Profit 
and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March ,2025
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per the 
books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 129.24  54.40  -  183.64
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (55.69)  21.89  -  (33.80)
Fair Value Adjustments on Security Deposit  -  (2.02)  -  (2.02)
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  (7.58)  8.34  -  0.76
115
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 343 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Profit before tax  754.79  (144.78)
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168%  189.96  (36.44)
Tax effect on non-deductible expenses  6.33  160.95
Effect of Income which is taxed at special rates  14.79  5.68
Effect of concessions (depreciation under income tax act)  (67.07)  (74.95)
Others  22.19  (49.57)
Total  166.20  5.68
Tax expense as per Statement of Profit and Loss  166.20  5.68
20 Deferred Tax (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2024
Charge / (Credit) to 
Statement of Profit 
and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March ,2025
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 (4.36)  4.36  -  -
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (0.21)  (23.17)  -  (23.38)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  61.40  63.80  -  125.20
The major components of Income Tax Expense for the year:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(i) Income tax recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
Current tax:
For current year  166.20  5.68
Deferred tax:
For current year  33.77  64.56
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  199.96  70.24
(ii) Income tax expense recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
Deferred tax:
Income tax (expense) /benefit on remeasurement of defined benefit plans  0.07  0.76
Income tax (expense) /benefit on Fair Value Changes on various Financial 
Instruments
 -  -
Income tax benefit / (expense) recognised in OCI  0.07  0.76
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
Trade & Non-Trade Payables
Trade payables *
(a) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises; and  16.16  6.90
(b) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 6,001.35  1,933.16
Total  6,017.51  1,940.07
Reconciliation of tax expense and accounting profit for the year:
The tax rate used for reconciliation above is the corporate tax rate of 25.168% payable by corporate entities in India on taxable profits 
under Indian tax law. This rate is applicable subject to certain conditions, including that the total income should be computed without 
claiming specific deduction or exemptions.
21 Trade Payables
Annual Report 2025-26
116


===== PAGE 344 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(i) Trade payables ageing:
 As at 31st March, 2026
21 Trade Payables (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
 Total Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year  1 Year 
- 2 Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years
(i) MSME  -  11.03  5.13  -  -  -  16.16
(ii) Others  -  5,847.57  153.68  0.07  0.02  -  6,001.35
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 -  5,858.60  158.81  0.07  0.02  -  6,017.51
 As at 31st March, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
 Total Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year  1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years
(i) MSME  -  6.90  -  -  -  -  6.90
(ii) Others  -  1,834.02  95.90  3.25  -  -  1,933.16
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 -  1,840.92  95.90  3.25  -  -  1,940.07
(ii) Disclosures under Section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (as amended)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(i) (a) Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier  16.16  6.90
(b) Interest on (i)(a) above  -  -
(ii) The amount of interest paid along with the principal payment made to the supplier  -  -
(iii) Amount of interest due and payable on delayed payments  -  -
(iv) Amount of further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier years  -  -
(v) Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises  -  -
- Principal  16.16  6.90
- Interest  -  -
22 Other Financial Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(a) Creditors for Capital Goods  -  -
(b) Salaries and Wages Payable  35.41  30.83
(c) Outstanding Expenses  98.46  75.68
Total  133.86  106.51
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(a) Advance from customer  38.38  0.21
(b) Statutory Dues  10.42  11.32
Total  48.80  11.53
23 Other Current Liabilities
117
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 345 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
24 Revenue from Operations
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Sale of Manufactured Products  19,760.66  12,969.90
(b) Other revenue from operation  300.00  300.00
(c) Sale of Traded Products  1,643.59  66.28
Total  21,704.25  13,336.18
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Interest Income
Interest on Security Deposit  6.31  7.35
Interest on Income Tax Refund  3.61  11.76
Investments in debt instruments measured at fair value  0.83  10.76
Other financial assets carried at amortised cost  98.59  272.12
 109.34  302.00
(b) Other Income
Foreign Exchange Gain/ (Loss)  20.80  (1.47)
Gain on Financial Instrument  58.76  184.39
Profit/(loss) on sale of Fixed assets  (2.34)  0.48
Miscellaneous Income  50.16  10.07
 127.39  193.48
(c) Other Gains and Losses
Net gains (Losses) on fair value changes through FVTPL  52.75  47.34
Total  289.48  542.81
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Raw Materials Consumed
Opening Stock  141.78  366.33
Add: Purchases  18,906.27  10,937.90
 19,048.05  11,304.23
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Revenue as per contract price  21,704.25  13,336.18
(b) Less: Discount  -  -
Revenue as per the Statement of Profit and Loss  21,704.25  13,336.18
Footnotes:
(a) Reconciliation of revenue as per contract price and as recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
 Disaggregate revenue information
(b) In case of Domestic Sales, payment terms range from 60 days to 100 days based on geography and customers. In case of Export 
Sales these are either against documents at sight, documents against acceptance or letters of credit - 60 days to 120 days. There is 
no significant financing component in any transaction with the customers.
(c) The Company does not provide performance warranty for products, therefore there is no liability towards performance warranty.
(d) The Company does not have any remaining performance obligation as contracts entered for sale of goods are for a shorter duration.
25 Other Income
26 Cost of Materials Consumed
Annual Report 2025-26
118


===== PAGE 346 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
26 Cost of Materials Consumed (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Less: Closing Stock  1,979.64  141.78
 17,068.41  11,162.45
(b) Packing Materials Consumed
Opening Stock  5.75  12.93
Add: Purchases  86.36  46.20
 92.11  59.13
Less: Closing Stock  7.77  5.75
 84.34  53.38
Total Cost of Materials Consumed  17,152.75  11,215.83
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work in Progress
Stock at the end of the year
Finished Goods  11.44  179.21
Work-in-Progress  203.37  56.98
 214.80  236.18
Stock at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods  179.21  319.62
Work-in-Progress  56.98  302.66
 236.18  622.28
(Increase)/decrease in inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-
Progress
 21.38  386.10
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Purchase of traded goods  1,556.53  56.14
Total  1,556.53  56.14
27 Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods, Stock-in-Trade and Work-in-Progress
28 Purhase of traded goods
29 Employee Benefits Expenses
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Salaries and wages  450.25  396.38
(b) Contribution to provident and other funds  30.25  24.45
(c) Staff welfare expenses  19.86  17.98
Total  500.36  438.80
A. Defined benefit plans
 (i) Post-employment benefits (Gratuity)
  The company provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in 
continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination 
is the employees last drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number 
of years of service. The gratuity plan is a funded plan and the company makes contributions to recognized funds in India. 
The company maintains a target level of funding to be maintained over a period of time based on estimations of expected 
gratuity payments.
119
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 347 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
29 Employee Benefits Expenses (Contd..)
  Aforesaid post-employment benefit plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest 
rate risk, salary risk and longevity risk.
  (i) Investment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate determined 
by reference to government bond yields. If the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
  (ii) Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability. However, this will be partially offset 
by an increase in the value of plan’s debt investments.
  (iii) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
  (iv) Longevity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of 
the mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan 
participants will increase the plan’s liability.
   Details of defined benefit obligations and plan assets (Gratuity)
   The amounts recognised in the balance sheet and the movements in the net defined benefit obligation over the year 
are as follows :
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Change in defined benefit obligations:
Obligation at the beginning of the year  97.30  86.61
Current Service Cost  6.42  5.35
Interest Cost  6.63  6.25
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss  0.18  3.36
Benefits Paid  (16.05)  (4.27)
Obligation at the end of the year  94.47  97.30
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  100.66  95.62
Interest income  6.85  6.90
Remeasurement gain/(loss) excluding amount included within 
employee benefit expense
 (0.33)  0.34
Contributions by the Employer  2.25  2.06
Benefits Paid  (16.05)  (4.27)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  93.38  100.65
   Amounts recognised in the balance sheet consist of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Present Value of Obligation  94.47  97.30
Fair Value of Plan Assets  (93.38)  (100.65)
 1.09  (3.35)
Recognised as:
Provision for Gratuity (non-current)  -  -
Provision for Gratuity (current)  1.09  (3.35)
Annual Report 2025-26
120


===== PAGE 348 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
29 Employee Benefits Expenses (Contd..)
   Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss consists of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Employee benefits expenses:
Current service cost  6.42  5.35
Net interest expense  (0.23)  (0.65)
 6.19  4.69
Other comprehensive income
Return on plan assets excluding amount included in employee benefits 
expense
 0.33  (0.34)
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in demographic assumption  -  -
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumption  (4.62)  2.34
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in experience adjustments  4.80  1.03
 0.50  3.03
Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss  6.70  7.72
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Asset category
Insurance fund  93.38  100.65
Total  93.38  100.65
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Financial Assumptions:
Discount Rate 7.59% 6.81%
Rate of escalation in Salary 5.50% 5.50%
Demographic Assumptions:
Rate of Employee Turnover 3.00% 3.00%
Mortality Rate Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
1st following year  15.77  14.20
2nd following year  3.22  7.94
3rd following year  13.97  8.39
4th following year  14.02  12.25
5th following year  8.25  15.21
Sum of year 6 To 10  40.48  30.26
Sum of Years 11 and above  78.57  77.13
   The major categories of plans assets are as follows:
   Key assumptions used in the measurement of retiring gratuity is as below:
   Maturity profile of projected benefit obligation (from fund) :
   Footnotes
   (i) The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions 
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
121
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 349 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
29 Employee Benefits Expenses (Contd..)
   (ii) The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit 
obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the 
assumptions may be correlated.
   (iii) Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected benefit obligation 
has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same 
method as applied in calculating the projected benefit obligation as recognised in the balance sheet.
   (iv) There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
   (v) The Company has contributed H 2.25 lakhs (PY H 2.06 lakhs ) to defined benefit plan obligations funds for the year 
ended March 31, 2026.
   (vi) Expected return on assets is determined by multiplying the opening fair value of the plan assets by the expected 
rate of return determined at the start of the annual reporting period, taking account of expected contributions & 
expected settlements during the reporting period.
   (vii) The Weighted Average Duration of the Plan works out to 8 years.
   (viii) Asset Liability matching strategy:
    The money contributed by the Company to the Gratuity fund to finance the liabilities of the plan has to be 
invested. The trustees of the plan have outsourced the investment management of the fund to an insurance 
Company. The insurance Company in turn manages these funds as per the mandate provided to them by the 
trustees and the asset allocation which is within the permissible limits prescribed in the insurance regulations. 
Due to the restrictions in the type of investments that can be held by the fund, it is not possible to explicitly follow 
an asset liability matching strategy. There is no compulsion on the part of the Company to fully prefund the 
liability of the Plan.
 (ii) Other long-term employee benefots
  Annual Leave and Sick Leave assumptions
  The liability towards compensated absences (annual leave and sick leave) for the year ended 31 st March, 2026 based on 
actuarial valuation carried out by using Projected Accrued Benefit Method resulted in liability of H 11.60 lakhs.
B. Defined contribution plans
 Provident Fund
 The company has certain defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund for employees at the rate of 12% 
of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by the government. The 
obligation of the company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor any constructive obligation. 
The expense recognized during the period towards defined contribution plan are H 16.53 lakhs (PY H 15.26 lakhs).
C. On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified provisions of the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 
2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020 and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, (‘Labour Codes’) 
which consolidate twenty-nine existing labour laws into a unified framework governing employee benefits during employment 
and post-employment. The Labour Codes, amongst other things introduces changes, including a uniform definition of wages and 
enhanced benefits relating to leave. The Company has assessed the financial implications of these changes which has resulted in 
increase in gratuity liability arising out of past service cost and increase in leave liability. Considering the impact arising out of 
an enactment of the new legislation is an event of non-recurring nature, the Company has presented this incremental amount as 
“Contribution to Provident Fund” under “Employee Benefit Expenses” in the Condensed Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the year ended March 31, 2026. The Company continues to monitor the developments pertaining to Labour Codes and will 
evaluate impact if any on the measurement of the employee benefits liability
Annual Report 2025-26
122


===== PAGE 350 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
30 Finance Costs
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Interest Expense-Bank  20.43  11.82
Interest on finance lease obligations  4.61  5.54
Interest Others  1.07  0.18
Total  26.11  17.53
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Depreciation on property plant and equipment  205.20  183.40
Depreciation on Right-of-use assets  20.99  19.06
Total  226.20  202.46
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Consumption of stores and spare parts  57.62  34.22
Consumption of Power & Steam  729.32  585.50
Freight Octroi & Cartage  294.31  122.50
Repairs & Maintenance
- Building  13.19  24.86
- Plant & Machinery  28.23  14.40
Insurance Charges  13.26  15.78
Water & Drainage Charges  11.33  8.62
Effluent Treatment Plant Charge  17.54  13.30
Labour Charges  248.61  222.69
Statutory Liability  -  0.05
Safety & Security Charges  15.03  12.62
Laboratory charges  13.08  14.82
Legal and Professional Fees  44.00  49.82
Vehicle Expenses  3.67  3.91
Commission and Incentives on sales  68.30  54.49
Auditor's Remuneration  4.41  4.41
Provision for Bad and Doubtful Debts  9.74  84.76
Sundry balance written off  -  (0.00)
Director Sitting Fees  2.20  1.30
Donation  0.55  21.69
Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  325.12
Disposal of asset  18.16  -
Miscellaneous Expenses  163.08  92.05
Total  1,755.63  1,706.91
Note: Finance costs incurred on various projects being qualifying assets is capitalised in accordance with Ind AS 23.
On adoption of Ind AS 116 Leases, the Company has recognised Right-of-use assets and created lease obligation representing present 
value of future minimum lease payments.
31 Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment Expenses
32 OTHER EXPENSES
123
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 351 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Net Profit available for Equity Shareholders  554.39  (217.28)
No. of Equity Shares as per financial statement  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Basic Earnings Per Share* (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year)
 5,03,84,144  4,34,50,000
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Diluted Earnings Per Share** (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year)
 5,03,84,144  4,34,50,000
Basic Earnings Per Share (in H)  1.10  (0.50)
Diluted Earnings Per Share (in H)  1.10  (0.50)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Basic and Diluted EPS (in Nos)
Existing (Nos)  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000
Right Issue  1,08,62,500  -
Total Number of shares after conversion  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Bonus Issue in Previous year  -  -
Bonus Issue in current year  -  -
Total Number of shares after Bonus issue  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Payment to Auditors
- For Statutory Audit  1.75  1.75
- For Tax Audit  1.00  -
- For Other Services - Certificate  1.66  2.66
Total  4.41  4.41
32 OTHER EXPENSES (Contd..)
32.1 Details of payments to Auditors
33 EARNING PER SHARE (EPS):
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity shares that would be issued on 
conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into Equity shares.
Number of Shares for Computation of EPS
34 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for)
Contingent Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
(i) GST matters (including penalty)  98.97  -
(ii) Income tax matters  -  -
(iii) Labour laws related matters (ESIC)  -  -
(iv) Bank Guarantee  8.00  8.00
(v) Corporate Guarantee*  4,494.87  6,180.44
Total  4,601.84  6,188.44
*Corporate Guarantee given by VLL on behalf on VASPL is H100 crores out of which only H44.95 crores has been availed as on Mar 26 Future cash outflows in respect 
of the above matters are determinable only on receipt of judgments/decisions pending at various stages/forums
Annual Report 2025-26
124


===== PAGE 352 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
34 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for) (Contd..)
(a) Commitments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(a) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of advances)
 -  -
(b) Letters of Credit and Bank guarantees issued by bankers towards 
procurement of goods and services and outstanding as at year end
 38.05  1,418.98
Total  38.05  1,418.98
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
(A) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  -  -
(B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -  -
On purposes other than above  -  -
Total  -  -
(C) Amount spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -
On purposes other than above  -  -
Total  -  -
(D) Details of ongoing project and other than ongoing project
(i) In case of Section 135(6) (ongoing project)
Opening Balance - With Company  -  -
 - In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -  -
Amount required to be spent during the year  -  -
Amount spent during the year - From Company’s bank A/c'  -  -
 - From Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -  -
Closing Balance - With Company  -  -
 - In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -  -
(ii) In case of Section 135(5) (other than ongoing project)
Opening Balance  (1.34)  (1.34)
Adjustment of previous year
Restated opening balance
Amount deposited in Specified Fund of Sch. VII within 6 months
Amount required to be spent during the year  -  -
Amount spent during the year  -  -
Closing balance (Excess spent)  (1.34)  (1.34)
(E) Details related to spent / unspent obligations :
(i) Education and skill Development  -  -
(ii) Covid-19 Relief  -  -
(iii) Livestock Development  -  -
(iv) Medical Grants,Healthcare Facilities  -  -
(v) Rural and socially backward society Develop ment  -  -
(vi) Tribal Welfare  -  -
(vii) Water Manage ment- Conservation  -  -
(viii) Women Empowerment And Livelihood  -  -
(ix) Green Environment Project  -  -
(ix) Health Care  -  -
(x) Food Welfare  -  -
(xi) General Welfare Activities  -  -
(xii) Unspent amount in relation to:  -  -
- Ongoing projects  -  -
- Other than ongoing projects  -  -
(b) Corporate Social Responsibility
125
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 353 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
35 Segment Information
The operating segments have been reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Board of Directors, who 
are the Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODM). The board responsible for allocating resources and assessing the performance of 
operating segments. Accordingly, the reportable segment is only one segment i.e. Pharmaceuticals.
(a) Revenue from Type of Product and Services
 There is only one operating segment of the Company which is based on nature of product. Hence the revenue from external 
customers shown under geographical information is representative of revenue based on product and services.
(b) Geographical Information
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Segment Revenue - External Turnover
Within India  21,294.50  13,272.06
Outside India  409.75  64.12
Total  21,704.25  13,336.18
Non-Current Assets*
Within India  3,151.37  3,300.39
Outside India  -  -
Total  3,151.37  3,300.39
 * includes property plant and equipment, intangible assets, capital work-in-progress, other non-financial assets & non-current assets.
(c) Information about major customers
 For the year ended 31st March,2026, revenue from transactions with any single external customer did not amount to 10% or more 
of the Company’s total revenue. Accordingly, the Company has not disclosed any individual customer as a major customer in 
accordance with Ind AS 108 Segment Reporting.
36 Related Party Transactions
Disclosure on Related Party Transactions as required by Ind AS 24 - Related Party Disclosures is given below:
Holding
Name Relation
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP Holding
Valiant Organics limited Ultimate holding
Subsidiary
Name Relation
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company
(a) Key Managerial Personnel:
Name Designation
Mr Santosh Vora Managing Director
Mr Paresh Shah Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer
Ms Prajakta Patil (Resigned w.e.f June 15, 2025) Company Secretary
Mr Akshay Gangurde (Appointed w.e.f July 9, 2025) Company Secretary
Annual Report 2025-26
126


===== PAGE 354 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
36 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
(b) Other entities where significant influence exist:
 (i) Post-employment-benefit plan entity:
  The Trustee Valiant Laboratories Limited
  Compensation of key management personnel of the Company:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  March 31, 2026  March 31, 2025
(i) Short-term employee benefits  44.50  42.00
(ii) Director Sitting fees  2.20  1.68
Total compensation paid to key management personnel  46.70  43.68
(c) Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel
 Mr. Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Kanchan Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora
 Mr. Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Sushila Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Varsha Paresh Shah
 Mr. Dhirenbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mr. Mehulbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Meena Dhiren Shah
 Mr. Devansh Paresh Shah
 Ms. Nirali Shah Sheth
 Mr. Dnyaneshwar Gangurde
 Mrs. Baby Gangurde
 Mr. Nihal Gangurde
 Ms. Sonali Gangurde
(d) Other related parties
Name Designation
Mrs. Sonal Vira Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Sandeep Gupta Non Executive Director
Mr. Mulesh Savla Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Ashok Chheda Non Executive Independent Director
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding with related parties (Companies / body corporates)
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Dhanvallabh Ventures 
LLP
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  4,861.61
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  4,861.61  -  -  -
Aarti Industries Limited Purchase of Goods  14.69  -  -  -
127
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 355 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
36 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Aarti Pharmalabs 
Limited
Rent Received  300.00  -  354.00  27.00
Sale of Goods  513.46  290.33  -  -
Purchase of Goods  288.76  31.11  281.74  -
Deposit  -  96.14  -  96.14
Reimbursement - Electricity & Water  622.68  65.81  643.39  45.76
Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private Limited
Investment (Share Capital)  -  16,505.80  8,408.47  16,505.80
Sale of Asset  -  -  6.57  6.57
Reimbursement - Salary  15.33  -  6.00  6.00
Reimbursement - Others  3.13  -  -  -
Other Income  0.20  -  -  -
Sale of Goods  1,130.74  -  -  -
Advance to Supplier  2,930.75  -  188.96  188.96
Purchase of Goods  2,059.50  -  0.21  0.21
Unsecured Loans Given  -  -  -  -
Unsecured Loans Repayment  -  -  -  -
Valiant Organics Limited Purchase of Goods  10,739.60  5,496.07  5,015.40  1.00
Purchase of Assets  -  -  4.13  -
Sale of Goods  -  -  0.59  -
Sale of Asset  2.50  -  -  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Mr Santosh Vora Remuneration  27.00  -  12.00  1.00
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  360.03
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  360.03  -  -  -
Commission  -  -  -  -
Sitting Fees  -  -  -  -
Mr Shantilal Vora Commission  -  -  -  -
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  358.94
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  358.94  -  -  -
Sitting Fees  0.50  -  0.40  -
Mr Paresh Shah Remuneration  15.00  -  15.00  1.25
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  359.43
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  359.43
Commission  -  -  -  -
Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora Remuneration  2.50  -  15.00  1.25
Mrs. Sonal Vira Sitting Fees  0.50  -  0.45  -
Mr Velji Gogri Sitting Fees  -  -  0.20  -
Mr Mulesh Salva Sitting Fees  0.58  -  0.33  -
Mr Sandeep Gupta Sitting Fees  0.25  -  0.20  -
Mr Ashok Chheda Sitting Fees  0.38  -  0.10  -
Ms Prajakta Patil Salary  3.84  -  13.66  2.06
Mr Akshay Gangurde Salary  10.33  -  -  -
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) / Close Family Member  
of Key Managerial Personnel:
Annual Report 2025-26
128


===== PAGE 356 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
36 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Entities Controlled/Significantly influenced by Directors/ Close 
Family Members of Directors:
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Balance as 
on 31.03.2026
 Transaction 
value
 Balance as 
on 31.03.2025
The Trust Valiant 
Laboratories Limited
Contribution to the Gratuity Funds  2.61  -  2.39  -
37 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values
Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”
Category-wise classification for applicable financial assets:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
As at 31st March'2026 As at 31st March'2025
Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Financial Assets
Financial assets measured at cost
Investment in Subsidiaries Non-
Current
 16,505.80  N.A  N.A  N.A  16,505.80  N.A  N.A  N.A
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost
Security Deposits Non-
Current
 145.50  N.A  N.A  N.A  282.07  N.A  N.A  N.A
Prepaid Expenses Non-
Current
 3.00  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Trade Receivables Current  8,325.48  N.A  N.A  N.A  7,210.02  N.A  N.A  N.A
Cash on hand Current  1.29  N.A  N.A  N.A  5.89  N.A  N.A  N.A
Balance with Banks Current  306.01  N.A  N.A  N.A  474.00  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Fixed Deposits Current  351.74  N.A  N.A  N.A  2,254.00  N.A  N.A  N.A
Loans to employees Current  3.69  N.A  N.A  N.A  5.86  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Receivables Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
 25,642.51  26,737.64
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(FVTOCI)
Investments in Mutual Fund Current  2,598.02 2,598.02  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
 2,598.02 2,598.02  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Financial Assets  28,240.54 2,598.02  -  -  26,737.64  -  -  -
Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities measured 
at amortised cost
Unsecured Loans Non-
Current
 -  N.A  N.A  N.A  5,940.02  N.A  N.A  N.A
Long-term maturities of lease 
obligations
Non-
Current
 79.78  N.A  N.A  N.A  25.13  N.A  N.A  N.A
Security Deposit Non-
Current
 96.14  N.A  N.A  N.A  96.14  N.A  N.A  N.A
Short term borrowings - 
Working capital loans from 
Banks
Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
129
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 357 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
37 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
As at 31st March'2026 As at 31st March'2025
Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Trade Payables
- Due to Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises
Current  16.16  N.A  N.A  N.A  6.90  N.A  N.A  N.A
- Due to Others Current  6,001.35  N.A  N.A  N.A  1,933.16  N.A  N.A  N.A
Creditors for Capital Goods Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Current maturities of finance 
lease obligations
Current  46.55  N.A  N.A  N.A  23.10  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Financial liabilities Current  133.86  N.A  N.A  N.A  106.51  N.A  N.A  N.A
Total Financial Liabilities  6,373.83  8,130.97
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 : Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity instruments and mutual 
funds that have quoted price. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV.
Level 2 : The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation techniques which 
maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required 
to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
Level 3 : If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the 
case for unlisted equity securities etc. included in level 3.
This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are (a) 
recognised and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the financial 
statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the group has classified its 
financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standard. An explanation of each level followed is given in 
the table above.
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s Risk Management 
framework. The Board has established the Risk Management Committee, which is responsible for developing and monitoring the 
Company’s Risk Management policies. The Committee reports regularly to the Board of Directors on its activities.
The Company’s financial assets comprise mainly of investments, cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables 
and other receivables and financial liabilities comprise mainly of borrowings, trade payables and other payables
The Company’s activities expose it to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. The Company’s overall risk management focuses on the 
unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Company. The 
Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps to hedge foreign currency risk 
and interest rate risk exposure . Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.
A. Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market 
prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk and currency risk. Financial instruments affected by market 
risk include borrowings, investments, trade payables, trade receivables
 (i) Interest rate risk
  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of the financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes 
in market interest rates.
Annual Report 2025-26
130


===== PAGE 358 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
 (ii) Foreign currency risk
  Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates. The Company transacts in several currencies and consequently the Company is exposed to foreign 
exchange risk through its sales outside India and purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The 
exchange rate between the Indian rupee and foreign currencies has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate 
substantially in the future. Consequently, the results of the Company’s operations are affected as the rupee appreciates 
/ depreciates against these currencies. Foreign currency exchange rate exposure is partly balanced by purchase of raw 
materials and services in the respective currencies.
  As at the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of the material foreign currency denominated monetary assets 
and liabilities are as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
 As at March 2026  As at March 2025
Amount in 
foreign currency
Amount in 
Rupees- INR
Amount in 
foreign currency
Amount in 
Rupees- INR
Liabilities
United States Dollar (USD)  -  -  16.25  1,418.36
 -  -  -  1,418.36
Assets
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  0.03  2.43
Euro (EURO)  0.16  14.99  0.09  8.74
United States Dollar (USD)  3.59  332.07  -  -
 -  347.06  -  11.17
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (total)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.16)  (14.99)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  (3.59)  (332.07)  16.25  1,418.36
Foreign exchange derivatives
USD (Hedged) - Currency swaps against 
foreign currency borrowings
 -  -  -  -
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (unhedged)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.16)  (14.99)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  (3.59)  (332.07)  16.25  1,418.36
B. Credit risk
 Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to 
a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities, primarily for trade receivables and deposits 
with banks and other financial assets. The Company ensures that sales of products are made to customers with appropriate 
creditworthiness. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored by the management. An impairment analysis is 
performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major customers. Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited 
as the Company generally invest in deposits with banks.
 Refer footnotes (d) below note no. 8 for ageing of trade receivables and movement in credit loss allowance.
C. Liquidity Risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its financial obligations without incurring unacceptable losses. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per 
requirements. The Company has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital lines from various banks. Furthermore, the 
Company have access to undrawn lines of committed borrowing/facilities. The Company invests its surplus funds in bank fixed 
deposits and in mutual funds, which carry no or low market risk. The company consistently generates sufficient cash flows from 
operations or from cash and cash equivalents to meet its financial obligations including lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
131
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 359 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
38 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
 (i) Financing arrangements
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Secured borrowing facilities
- Amount unused   1,626.00  1,700.00
Total  -  1,700.00
 (ii) Maturity profile of financial liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Less than 
1 year
Between 1 
to 5 years Over 5 years Less than 
1 year
Between 
1 to 5 years Over 5 years
As on 31st March, 2026
Borrowings  -  -  -  -  5,940.02  -
Lease Liabilities  46.55  79.78  -  23.10  25.13  -
Trade Payables  6,017.41  0.10  -  1,936.82  3.25  -
Other Financial Liabilities  133.86  -  -  106.51  -  -
 6,197.82  79.87  -  2,066.43  5,968.40  -
D. Capital Management
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity shareholders. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximise the 
shareholder value, safeguard business continuity and support the growth of the Company. The Company manages its capital 
structure and makes suitable adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions.
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Borrowings - Current and Non-Current  -  5,940.02
Long-term maturities of Lease obligations  79.78  25.13
Current maturities of Lease obligations  46.55  23.10
Less: cash and cash equivalent  (307.30)  (479.89)
Less: other balances with banks  (351.74)  (2,254.00)
Less: current investments  (2,598.02)  -
Net Debts  (3,130.74)  3,254.36
Total Equity  31,975.87  23,438.31
% Net debt to equity ratio (9.79%) 13.88%
39
(A) Value and percentage of Raw Materials and Stores and Spares consumed:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Raw Materials
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 74.70% 66.12%
Amount (H in lakhs)  12,750.50  7,380.95
Imported
Percenatge (%) 25.30% 33.88%
Amount (H in lakhs)  4,317.91  3,781.51
Total Raw Material Consumed  17,068.41  11,162.45
Stores & Spares
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 100.00% 100.00%
Amount (H in lakhs)  57.62  34.22
Annual Report 2025-26
132


===== PAGE 360 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
39 (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Imported
Percenatge (%)  -  -
Amount (H in lakhs)
Total Stores & Spares Consumed  57.62  34.22
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Raw Material  4,350.75  3,801.23
Capital Goods  14.99  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Foreign Business Expense  7.21  -
Bank Charges  -  -
Commission Expense  -  -
Others  -  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
F.O.B Value of Export  409.75  64.12
(B) C.I.F Value of Import
(C) Expenditure in Foreign Currency
(D) Earnings in Foreign Currency
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
(a) The Company does not have any benami property held in its name. No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending 
against the Company for holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules 
made thereunder.
(b) The Company does not have any transactions or relationships with any companies struck off under Section 248 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 or Section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956.
(c) The Company has complied with the requirement with respect to number of layers as prescribed under section 2(87) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
(d) Utilisation of borrowed funds and share premium:
 (i) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
  - Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
133
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 361 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 (Contd..)
 (ii) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
  - directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
(e) There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961  
(such as search or survey), that has not been recorded in the books of account.
(f) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the year.
43 Ratio Analysis
Sr. 
No. Ratio Numerator Denominator
As at 
31st March 
2026
As at 
31st March 
2025
% Change Reason for variance
1 Current ratio Current Assets Current Liabilities  3.02  5.69 (46.93%) Increase in 
inventory & 
Advance to 
Supllier has led to 
variance in ratio
2 Net Debt- Equity 
ratio
Net debt = Non-current 
borrowings + Current 
borrowings + Non-
current and current 
lease liabilities - Current 
investments - Cash and 
cash equivalents - Other 
balances with banks 
(including non-current 
earmarked balances)
Average Equity 
[Equity = Equity share 
capital + Other equity]
 -  0.14 (181.81%) Repayment of 
borrowings during 
the year
3 Debt Service 
Coverage ratio
Earnings for debt 
service =Profit before 
tax + depreciation and 
amortisation expense + 
finance costs]
Debt service = Finance 
costs + scheduled 
principal repayments 
(excluding 
prepayments) during 
the year for non-
current borrowings 
(including current 
maturities) and lease 
liabilities
 (0.17) (2,405.29) (99.99%) Repayment of 
borrowings during 
the year
4 Return on Equity 
ratio
Profit after tax Average total equity 
[Equity = Equity share 
capital + Other equity]
2.00% (0.91%) (319.44%) Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
5 Inventory 
Turnover Ratio
Cost of goods sold Average Inventory  13.91  16.69 (16.63%)
6 Trade Receivable 
Turnover ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Average Trade 
Receivable
 2.79  2.26 23.43%
Annual Report 2025-26
134


===== PAGE 362 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
43 Ratio Analysis (Contd..)
Sr. 
No. Ratio Numerator Denominator
As at 
31st March 
2026
As at 
31st March 
2025
% Change Reason for variance
7 Trade Payable 
Turnover ratio
Adjusted Expenses 
[Adjusted Expenses = 
Total Expenses - Finance 
Cost - Depreciation 
and Amortisation 
Expense – Employee 
Benefit Expenses – 
Other expenses with 
respect to Rates & Taxes, 
Provision for Doubtful 
Debts, Provision for 
Impairment and Foreign 
Exchange Gain/Loss]
Average Trade 
Payables
 5.13  5.86 (12.40%)
8 Net Capital 
Turnover ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Average Working 
capital = Current 
assets – Current 
liabilities
193.00% 94.86% 103.46% Increase in 
revenue during the 
year
9 Net Profit ratio Profit after tax Revenue from 
operations
2.56% (1.61%) (258.55%) Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
10 Return on 
Capital 
Employed
Earnings before interest 
and tax
Average Capital 
Employed (Capital 
Employed = Total 
Assets -Total Current 
& Non Current 
Liabilities+Deferred 
tax)
2.43% (0.54%) (549.99%) Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
135
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 363 =====
Independent Auditors' Report
TO 
THE MEMBERS OF 
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
Opinion:
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated financial 
statements of VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED (the 
Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as 
“the Group”), which comprising of the consolidated Balance 
sheet as at March 31 2026 the consolidated Statement of Profit and 
Loss, including other comprehensive income, the consolidated 
Cash Flow Statement and the consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated 
financial statements, including a summary of material accounting 
policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred 
to as “the consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of 
reports of other auditors on separate financial statements and on 
the other financial information of the subsidiaries, the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements give the information required 
by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the Act”) in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the 
consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2026, 
their consolidated profit including other comprehensive income, 
their consolidated cash flows and the consolidated statement of 
changes in equity for the year ended on that date. 
Basis for Opinion:
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs), as specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those 
Standards are further described in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities 
for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements’ section of 
our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with 
the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to 
our audit of the financial statements under the provisions of the 
Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and 
the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
Key audit Matter
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were 
addressed in the context of our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. 
We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.
Sr. No Key Audit Matter Auditors Response
1. Accuracy, Completeness and disclosure with 
reference to Ind AS 16 of Property, Plant and 
Equipment
Peculiarity and technical complexities of Property, 
Plant and Equipment used in the operations and 
different IT systems used for maintaining Fixed 
Asset Register (FAR) requires more attention to 
ensure reasonably accurateness and completeness of 
financial reporting in respect of Property, Plant and 
Equipment.
Further, due to technical complexities management 
is required to assess and make estimates/
judgments about capitalization, estimated useful 
life, impairment etc. which has material impact on 
Balance Sheet and operating results
Principal Audit Procedures
Our audit approach consisted of testing the design and operating 
effectiveness of the internal controls and substantive testing as follows:
(a) We assessed the Company’s process regarding maintenance of 
records, Valuation and accounting of transactions relating to 
Property, Plant and Equipment as per the Ind AS 16.
(b) We have evaluated the design of Internal Controls relating to 
recording and valuation of Property, Plant and Equipment.
(c) We have carried out substantive audit procedures at financial and 
assertion level to verify the capitalization of assets as Property, 
Plant and Equipment.
(d) We have verified the maintenance of records and accounting of 
transactions regarding capital work in progress by carrying out 
substantive audit procedures at financial and assertion levels.
(e) We have reviewed management judgement pertaining to 
estimation of useful life and depreciation of the Property, Plant and 
Equipment in accordance with Schedule II of Companies Act, 2013.
(f) We have verified the capitalization of borrowing cost incurred on 
qualifying asset in accordance with the Ind AS 23.
Annual Report 2025-26
136


===== PAGE 364 =====
Information Other than the Financial Statements and 
Auditor’s Report Thereon:
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible 
for the other information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the Annual report, but does not 
include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s 
report thereon. 
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not 
cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
assurance conclusion thereon. 
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial 
statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether such other information is 
materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements 
or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to 
be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that 
there is a material misstatement of this other information, 
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report 
in this regard. 
Management’s Responsibility for the Consolidated 
Financial Statements:
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial 
statements in terms of the requirements of the Act that give a true 
and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated 
financial performance including other comprehensive income, 
consolidated cash flows and consolidated statement of changes 
in equity of the Group in accordance with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under section 133 of 
the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015, as amended.
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of their respective companies and for 
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection 
and application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant 
to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been 
used for the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial 
statements by the Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
management is responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, 
matters related to going concern and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless management either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic 
alternative but to do so.
The respective Boards of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the financial 
reporting process of the Group.
Auditor’s Responsibility for the Audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statement:
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to 
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that 
an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect 
a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise 
from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually 
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to 
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of 
these consolidated financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:
	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of 
the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud 
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive 
to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The 
risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting 
from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as 
fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
	 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to 
the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of 
the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion 
on whether the Holding Company has adequate internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements in 
place and the operating effectiveness of such controls. 
	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used 
and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management.
	 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of 
the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the 
audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty 
exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant 
doubt on the ability of the Group and its associates, joint 
ventures and joint operation to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the 
related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements 
or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our 
opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence 
obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, 
future events or conditions may cause the Group and its 
associates, joint ventures and joint operation to cease to 
continue as a going concern.
	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content 
of the consolidated financial statements, including the 
137
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 365 =====
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial 
statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
	 Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the 
financial information of the entities or business activities 
within the Group and its associates, joint ventures and joint 
operation of which we are the independent auditors, to 
express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
We are responsible for the direction, supervision and 
performance of the audit of the financial statements of such 
entities included in the consolidated financial statements 
of which we are the independent auditors. For the other 
entities included in the consolidated financial statements, 
which have been audited by other auditors, such other 
auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision 
and performance of the audits carried out by them. We 
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance of 
the Holding Company and such other entities included in 
the consolidated financial statements of which we are the 
independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit 
findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement 
that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them 
all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be 
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, 
related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with 
governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s 
report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure 
about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we 
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our 
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits 
of such communication.
Other Matter
1. The consolidated financial statements also include the net 
loss (including other comprehensive loss) of 880.76 lakhs for 
the year ended 31 March 2026 in respect of one subsidiary, 
whose financial information have not been audited by us.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements:
2. As required by clause (xxi) of paragraph 3 of Companies 
(Auditor’s Report) order, 2020 (‘the Order’) issued by the 
Central Government of India in terms of section 143(11) 
of the Act based on the consideration of the Order reports 
issued, of companies included in the consolidated financial 
statements and covered under the Act we report that there 
are no qualifications or adverse remarks reported in the 
respective Order reports of such companies.
3. As required by section 143(3) of the Act, based on my 
audit, I report that:
 a) We the other auditors whose report we have relied 
upon have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our knowledge 
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit 
of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements. 
 b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required 
by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid 
consolidation of the financial statements have been 
kept so far as it appears from our examination of those 
books and reports of the other auditors.
 c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss including the Statement of 
Other Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Cash 
Flow Statement and Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement 
with the books of account maintained for the purpose 
of preparation of the consolidated financial statements; 
 d) In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial 
statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended;
 e) On the basis of the written representations received 
from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 
31, 2026 taken on record by the Board of Directors of 
the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory 
auditors who are appointed under Section 139 of the 
Act, of its subsidiary companies, associate companies, 
joint ventures and joint operation, none of the 
directors of the Group’s companies, its associates and 
joint ventures, incorporated in India, is disqualified as 
on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director 
in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act;
 f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer 
to my separate report in “Annexure I”. Our report 
expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy 
and operating effectiveness of the Company’s internal 
financial controls over financial reporting.
 g) As required by section 197(16) of the Act, based on 
our audit, we report that the Holding Company 
and its subsidiaries incorporated in India whose 
financial statements have been audited under the Act 
have paid remuneration to their respective directors 
during the year in accordance with the provisions 
of and limits laid down under section 197 read with 
Schedule V to the Act.
 h) With respect to the other matters to be included in the 
Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rule 2014, as amended 
in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanation given to us.
Annual Report 2025-26
138


===== PAGE 366 =====
  i. The consolidated financial statements disclose 
the impact of pending litigations on the 
consolidated financial position of the Group and 
its subsidiary as detailed in Note No.33 to the 
consolidated financial statements;
  ii. The Holding Company, its subsidiaries and 
associates did not have any long-term contracts 
including derivative contracts for which 
there were any material foreseeable losses as 
at 31 March 2026.
  iii. There were no amounts which were required 
to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.
  iv. a. The Management has represented that, 
to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
other than disclosed in the notes, no funds 
have been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the Company to or in any other 
person or entity, including foreign entity 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, 
whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Intermediary shall, whether, 
directly or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any 
guarantee, security or the like on behalf of 
the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   b. The Management has represented, that, to 
the best of its knowledge and belief, other 
than disclosed in the notes to accounts, no 
funds have been received by the Company 
from any person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in 
writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall, whether, directly or indirectly, 
lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or 
on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries; 
   c. Based on such audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable and 
appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us 
to believe that the representations under 
sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as 
provided under (a) and (b) above, contain 
any material misstatement. 
  v. No dividend has been declared or paid during 
the year by the company.
  vi. Based on our examination, which included 
test checks, the Company has used accounting 
software systems for maintaining its books of 
account for the financial year ended March 31, 
2026 which have the feature of recording audit 
trail (edit log) facility and the same has operated 
throughout the year for all relevant transactions 
recorded in the software systems. 
   Further, during the course of our audit we did 
not come across any instance of the audit trail 
feature being tampered with and the audit trail 
has been preserved by the Company as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention.
For Raman S Shah & Co, 
Chartered Accountants 
Firm’s Registration No. 111919W
Raman S Shah
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai.  M. No. 033272
Date: 14th May, 2026  UDIN: 26033272YORYKP5145
139
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 367 =====
Annexure – I  to the Independent Auditors’ Report of Even date on the Financial Statements of  
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls over 
financial reporting under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 
of Section 143 of the Companies Act (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial 
reporting with reference to financial statements of VALIANT 
LABORATORIES LIMITED ((hereinafter referred to as “the 
Holding Company”) as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with 
my audit of the financial statements of the Company for the year 
ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial 
Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in 
the Group, its associates and joint ventures which are companies 
incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and 
maintaining internal financial controls based on the internal 
financial control over Financial reporting criteria established by 
the Company considering the essential components of internal 
control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI). These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to the respective company’s policies, the 
safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds 
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting 
records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Act.
Auditors’ Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Holding 
company’s internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We 
conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on 
Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
(the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, specified 
under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an 
audit of internal financial controls, both issued by the ICAI. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with 
ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements 
was established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements and their 
operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit 
evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports 
referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the 
Holding Company’s internal financial controls with reference to 
consolidated financial statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting with reference to these financial statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to 
consolidated financial statements is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of 
financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal financial 
control with reference to consolidated financial statements 
includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company;
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded 
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, 
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are 
being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or 
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a 
material effect on the financial statements.
Annual Report 2025-26
140


===== PAGE 368 =====
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting with reference to these 
financial statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls 
with reference to these consolidated financial statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management 
override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud 
may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation 
of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated 
financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that 
the internal financial control with reference to consolidated 
financial statements may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies 
or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Group, its associates and joint ventures, 
which are companies incorporated in India, have, maintained 
in all material respects, adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements and such internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements were operating effectively as at March 31,2026, based 
on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established 
by the Holding Company considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note issued by the ICAI
For Raman S Shah & Co, 
Chartered Accountants 
Firm’s Registration No. 111919W
Raman S Shah
Proprietor
Place: Mumbai.  M. No. 033272
Date: 14th May, 2026 UDIN: 26033272YORYKP5145
141
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 369 =====
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
I. ASSETS
Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment 2  22,578.87  4,788.26
(b) Right to Use assets 3(a)  122.57  44.66
(c) Capital work-in-progress 2  608.45  15,578.06
(d) Other Intangible Assets 3(b)  11.15  10.80
(e) Goodwill on consolidation  -  -
(f) Financial Assets
 (i) Other Investments 4A  -  -
 (ii) Other Financial Assets 5A  240.55  357.16
(g) Other non-current assets 6A  3.73  45.00
Total Non-Current Assets  23,565.32  20,823.94
Current assets
(a) Inventories 7  4,542.62  398.87
(b) Financial Assets
 (i) Investments 4B  2,609.40  -
 (ii) Trade Receivables 8  9,356.48  7,212.19
 (iii) Cash and Cash Equivalents 9  352.81  491.65
 (iv) Bank Balances Other than Cash & Cash Equivalents 10  352.74  7,107.49
 (v) Loans 11  4.19  6.16
 (v) Other Financial Assets 5B  -  -
(c) Other Current Assets 6B  5,445.65  3,826.36
(d) Current Tax Assets (Net) 12  168.44  219.06
Total Current Assets  22,832.34  19,261.79
TOTAL ASSETS  46,397.66  40,085.75
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital 13  5,431.25  4,345.00
(b) Optionally Convertible Preference Shares  -  -
(b) Other Equity 14  25,657.26  19,086.01
(c) Non Controlling Interests  -
Total Equity  31,088.51  23,431.01
LIABILITIES
Non-Current Liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 - Borrowings 15A  2,809.29  10,434.89
 - Lease Liabilities 16A  79.78  25.13
 - Other non financial liabilities 17  96.14  96.14
(b) Provisions 18A  14.58  12.84
(c) Deferred Tax Liabilities (net) 19  364.78  124.17
Total non-current liabilities  3,364.57  10,693.17
Current liabilities
(a) Financial Liabilities
 (i) Borrowings 15B  1,685.57  1,685.57
 (ii) Lease Liabilities 16B  46.55  23.10
 (iii) Trade Payables 20
  A) Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises; and  293.42  378.58
  B) Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small 
enterprises
 9,109.06  3,693.02
 (iii) Other Financial Liabilities 21  225.58  135.26
(b) Other Current Liabilities 22  552.58  26.06
(c) Provisions 18B  31.81  19.98
(d) Current Tax Liabilities (Net)  -  -
Total Current Liabilities  11,944.58  5,961.57
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  46,397.66  40,085.75
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272YORYKP5145 ICSI M.No.: A70561
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes (1-40)
Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
142


===== PAGE 370 =====
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Notes  For the period 
March 31, 2026
 For the period 
March 31, 2025
I Revenue from operations 23  23,746.75  13,338.20
II Other income 24  232.04  543.48
III Total Income (I + II)  23,978.79  13,881.68
IV Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 25  19,080.24  11,217.74
Purchase of stock-in-trade 26  904.50  56.14
Changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress 27  (268.39)  386.10
Employee benefits expense 28  699.82  438.81
Finance costs 29  190.25  17.53
Depreciation, Amortization and Impairment Expenses 30  603.98  209.26
Other expenses 31  2,691.58  1,707.35
IV Total Expenses  23,901.97  14,032.93
V Profit before tax (III - IV)  76.82  (151.26)
VI Tax expense:
Current tax  163.96  5.68
Deferred tax charge/(credit)  239.65  63.18
Total tax Expense  403.61  68.86
VII Profit for the year (V - VI)  (326.79)  (220.12)
VIII Other comprehensive income:
a) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent year
Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  0.70  (3.19)
Fair value changes of various Financial intruments  -
(ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit & loss
 Re-measurement of the net defined benefit plan  (0.28)  0.79
 Tax on various Financial intruments  -
 Fair value changes of various Financial intruments
VIII Total other comprehensive income / (loss) for the year, net of tax  0.42  (2.40)
IX Total comprehensive income for the year (VII + VIII) 
(Total of profit and other comprehensive income for the year)
 (326.37)  (222.52)
Profit for the year
Attributable to:
Non-controlling interests
Owners of the Parent  (326.79)  (220.12)
Total other comprehensive income for the year
Attributable to:
Non-controlling interests
Owners of the Parent  (326.37)  (222.52)
Earnings per equity share of J 10/- each (Previous Year: J 10/- each) 32
(1) Basic  (0.65)  (0.51)
(2) Diluted  (0.65)  (0.51)
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272YORYKP5145 ICSI M.No.: A70561
The above statement of Balance Sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes (1-40)
Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged wherever required.
143
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 371 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31,2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As on 
March 31, 2026
As on 
March 31, 2025
(A) Cash Flow from Operating Activities
 Net Profit Before Tax  76.82  (151.26)
 Adjustments
 Finance Cost  178.41 17.53
 Depreciation and Amortization and Impairment Expense  603.98 209.26
 Provision for Gratuity  6.19  4.69
 Provision for Leave Encashment  3.56  1.76
 Provision for doubtful debts  9.74  84.76
 Foreign Exchange Gain/ (Loss)  -  -
 Gain/(Loss ) on disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)  -  -
 Gain on Mutual Fund  (2.91)  -
 Provision for bonus  19.73  16.48
 Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  (111.91)  93.39
 Foreign Exchange (Gain)/ Loss  (20.80)  1.47
 Profit on disposal/sale of asset  3.05  (0.48)
 Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes  765.86  277.61
 Adjustments
 Add/(Less):
 (Increase) / Decrease in Trade Receivables  (2,144.29)  (2,724.22)
 (Increase) / Decrease in Inventories  (4,143.75)  602.67
 (Increase) / Decrease Loans  1.97  (3.13)
 (Increase) / Decrease other Current Assets  (1,619.29)  (1,804.33)
 (Increase) / Decrease in Financial Assets  116.61  (13.21)
 (Increase) / Decrease other Non Current Assets  41.27  2,055.11
 Increase / (Decrease) in Trade Payable  5,330.89  1,478.90
 Increase / (Decrease) in Lease Liabilities  78.09  (17.56)
 Increase / (Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  526.52  6.36
 Increase / (Decrease) in Provisions  13.58  13.37
 Increase / (Decrease) in Financial Liabilities  90.32  13.25
 Cash Generated from Operation  (942.21)  (115.18)
 Income Tax Paid  (101.03)  246.51
 Net Cash From Operating Activities (A)  (1,043.24)  131.33
(B) Cash Flow From Investing Activities
 Acquisition of Property, Plant and Equipment and CWIP (net)  (3,419.96)  (11,385.36)
 Sale Proceeds on Property, Plant and Equipment  2.76  5.57
 Bank Balances not considered as Cash and Cash Equivalents  6,754.75  2,341.85
 Gain on Mutual Fund  (2.91)
 Redemption/(Investment) in Mutual fund  (2,609.40)  3,761.17
 Net Cash from Investing Activities (B)  725.24  (5,276.77)
Annual Report 2025-26
144


===== PAGE 372 =====
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31,2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As on 
 March 31, 2026
As on 
 March 31, 2025
a. Cash on Hand  3.22  8.65
b. Balances with Banks  349.60  483.00
Total  352.81  491.65
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272YORYKP5145 ICSI M.No.: A70561
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As on 
March 31, 2026
As on 
March 31, 2025
(C) Cash Flow From Financing Activities
 Proceeds / (Repayment) from Short Term Borrowings  -  1,546.82
 Proceeds / (Repayment) from Long Term Borrowings  (7,625.59)  2,968.58
 Proceeds from Right Issue of Shares  -  -
 Proceeds / (Repayments) of share capital  1,086.25  -
 Expenses in relation to IPO  6,896.92  (32.60)
 Interest Paid  (178.41)  (17.53)
 Net Cash from /(Used) in Financing Activities (C)  179.17  4,465.28
 Net Increase / (Decrease): in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  (138.84)  (680.16)
 Opening Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents  491.65  1,171.82
 Closing Balance of Cash and Cash Equivalents  352.81  491.65
6. Cash and Cash Equivalents comprises of:
145
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 373 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the period March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Balance as on 
April 1, 2025
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Reststated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
Balance as on 
31-03-2026
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
Rights Issue of Shares  -  -  -  1,086.25  1,086.25
Total  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  1,086.25  5,431.25
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Balance as on 
April 1, 2024
Changes in equity 
share capital due to 
prior period errors
Reststated Balance 
at the current 
reporting periods
Changes in equity 
share capital 
during the period
Balance as on 
31-03-2025
Ordinary Equity Shares  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
Total  4,345.00  -  4,345.00  -  4,345.00
B. Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Reserve and surplus Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total other 
equitySecurity 
Premium
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at 31st March 2025  14,099.84  4,988.11  (1.94)  19,086.01
Net profit for the year  -  (326.79)  -  (326.79)
Fair value changes of various Financial intruments 
(net off tax)
 -  -  -  -
Remeasurement Gain / (Loss) on defined benefit plan 
(net off tax)
 -  -  1.12  1.12
Amount utilized for Dividend and Dividend 
Distribution Tax
 -  -  -  -
Issuance of Bonus Shares  -  -  -  -
Reserve during the year  6,896.92  -  -  6,896.92
Balance as at 31st March 2026  20,996.76  4,661.32  (0.83)  25,657.27
Previous Reporting Period
A. Equity Share Capital
Current Reporting Period
1. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the Ind AS financial statements.
2. Previous year figures have been recasted/restated wherever necessary including those as required in keeping with revised 
Schedule III amendments.
C. Notes forming part of the financial statement.
As per our report of even date attached
For Raman S Shah & Co For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Chartered Accountants
(Firm Regn No. 111919W)
 Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah
 Managing Director Whole Time Director & CFO
 DIN - 07633923 DIN - 08291953
Mr. Raman S Shah
Proprietor
M. No.033272
Place : Mumbai Mr. Akshay Gangurde
Date - 14th May, 2026 Company Secretary
UDIN - 26033272YORYKP5145 ICSI M.No.: A70561
Annual Report 2025-26
146


===== PAGE 374 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
Note I Corporate Information
VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED ("VLL" or "The 
Company" ) is public limited entity incorporated in India. The 
registered office of the Company is located at 104 UDYOG 
KSHETRA 1ST FLOOR MULUND GOREGAON LINK ROAD 
MULUND (W) MUMBAI MH 400080 INDIA. The Company is 
engaged in manufacturing and dealing in Pharmaceuticals and 
speciality chemicals. The Company & its Indian Subsidiary will 
be considered as Group.
Note II Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates And Judgements
This note provides a list of the material accounting policies 
adopted in the preparation of these financial statements.The 
accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the 
previous financial year.
(1) Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements
 (i) Statement of Compliance
  The financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles in India (referred to as “IND AS”) as 
prescribed under section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015 as amended and relevant provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 including presentation and 
disclosure requirements of Division II of Schedule III 
of the Act as amended from time to time.
  In addition, the guidance notes/announcements 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
India (ICAI) are also applied except if compliance 
with other statutory promulgations require a 
different treatment.
  Accordingly, the Company has prepared these 
Financial Statements which comprise the Balance 
Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss for the year ended March 31, 2026, the Statement 
of Cash Flows for the year ended March 31, 2026 and 
the Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 
as on that date, and accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (together hereinafter referred 
to as ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’)
  All the amounts included in the financial statements 
are reported in lakhs of Indian Rupees (‘Rupees’ or ‘H’) 
and are rounded to the nearest lakh, except per share 
data and unless stated otherwise.
  The financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended 31.3.2026 were approved for issue in 
accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors 
in its meeting held on 14th May, 2026
 (ii) Historical Cost Convention
  These Consolidated financial statement are prepared 
under the historical cost convention on an accrual 
basis except for certain financial instrument, which 
are measured at fair value, which are disclosed in the 
financial statement.
(2) Classification of Assets and Liabilities
 (i) Current verus non-current classification
  All assets and liabilities have been classified as current 
or non-current as per company’s normal operating 
cycle and other criteria set out in the Division II of 
Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 Based on the 
nature of products and the time between acquisition 
of assets for processing and their realisation in cash 
and cash equivalents, the company has ascertained its 
operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current 
and non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
 (ii) Use of accounting estimates and judgements
  The preparation of financial statements requires 
management judgements, estimates and assumptions 
that impacts the reported amounts of revenues, 
expenses, assets and liabilities, and the accompanying 
notes thereon. Uncertainty about these assumptions 
and estimates could result in outcomes that might 
require a material adjustment to the carrying amount 
of assets and liabilities in future periods.
  (a) Estimates
   The preparation of the financial statements in 
conformity with IND AS requires management 
to make estimates, judgments and assumptions. 
These estimates, judgments and assumptions 
affect the application of accounting policies and 
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the 
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities 
at the date of financial statements and reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the 
period. Accounting estimates could change from 
period to period. Actual results could differ 
from those estimates. Appropriate changes in 
estimates are made as management becomes 
aware of circumstances surrounding the 
estimates. Changes in estimates are reflected in 
the financial statement in the period in which 
changes are made and if material, their effects are 
disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
   The following are areas involving 
critical estimates:
   Impairment
   Accounting for Defined benefit plans
147
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 375 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
   Useful lives of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets - Fair Valuation of 
Financial instruments
   Valuation of Inventories
  (b) Judgments
   The company's management has made the 
following judgement, which have the most 
significant effect on the amounts recognised 
in the separate financial statements, while 
formulating the company's accounting policies.
   The following are areas involving 
critical judgments:
   Leases
   Estimation of income tax payable and income tax 
expense in relation to an uncertain tax position
   Provisions and Contingencies
(3) Property, plant and equipment (PPE) and Intangible 
assets
 (a) Property, plant and equipment (PPE)
  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost 
net of tax /duty credit availed, less accumulated 
depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if 
any. Cost comprises of purchase price inclusive of non 
creditable taxes, commissioning expenses, etc. up to 
the date the asset is ready for its intended use. When 
significant parts of property, plant and equipment 
are required to be replaced at intervals, the company 
derecognizes the replace part and recognizes the 
new part with its own associated useful life and it 
is depreciated accordingly. Likewise, when a major 
inspection is performed, its cost is recognized in the 
carrying amount of the plant and equipment as a 
replacement if the recognition criteria are satisfied. All 
other repair and maintenance cost are recognised in 
the statement of profit and loss as incurred.
  Advances paid towards acquisition of property, plant 
and equipment outstanding at each Balance Sheet 
date, are shown under other non-current assets and 
cost of assets not ready for intended use before the 
year end, are shown as capital work-in-progress
  Capital Work In Progress represents expenditure 
incurred on capital assets that are under construction 
or are pending capitalisation and includes Project 
expenses pending allocation. Project expenses 
pending allocation are apportioned to the property, 
Plant and equipment of the project proportionately on 
capitalisation.
  Borrowing cost on property, plant and equipment's 
are capitalised when the relevant recognition criteria 
specified in IND AS 23 Borrowing cost is met.
  Decommissioning costs, if any, on property, plant and 
equipment are estimated at their present value and 
capitalised as part of such assets.
  The residual value and useful lives of property, plant 
and equipment are reviewed at each financial year 
end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
 (b) Intangible assets
  Intangible assets are recognised when it is probable 
that the future economic benefits that are attributable 
to the asset will flow to the Company and the cost of 
the asset can be measured reliably. Intangible assets 
are stated at original cost net of tax/duty credits 
availed, if any, less accumulated amortisation and 
cumulative impairment. Administrative and other 
general overhead expenses that are specifically 
attributable to acquisition of intangible assets are 
allocated and capitalised as a part of the cost of the 
intangible assets. Intangible development costs are 
capitalised as and when technical and commercial 
feasibility of the asset is demonstrated and future 
economic benefits are probable.
  The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed as 
either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite 
lives are amortised over the useful economic life 
and assessed for impairment whenever there is an 
indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. 
The amortisation period and the amortisation method 
for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are 
reviewed at least at the end of each reporting period.
 (c) Derecognition
  Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets 
are derecognised on disposal or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use and 
disposal. Losses arising from retirement and gains or 
losses arising from disposal of a property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets are measured as the 
difference between the net disposal proceeds and the 
carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (d) Research and Development
  Revenue expenditure on Research and Development 
is charged to statement of profit and loss in the year in 
which it is incurred. Capital expenditure on research 
and development is considered as an addition to 
property, plant and equipment/intangible assets.
Annual Report 2025-26
148


===== PAGE 376 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
  Research costs are expensed as incurred. Development 
expenditures on an individual project are recognised 
as an intangible asset when the Company 
can demonstrate:-
  development costs can be measured reliably;-
  the product or process is technically and 
commercially feasible;
  commercially feasible;
  future economic benefits are probable; and
  the Company intends to and has sufficient resources 
to complete development and to use or sell the asset.
  Following initial recognition of the development 
expenditure as an asset, the asset is carried at cost 
less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated 
impairment losses. Amortisation of the asset begins 
when development is complete and the asset is 
available for use. It is amortised over the period of 
expected future benefit. Amortisation expense is 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss unless 
such expenditure forms part of carrying value of 
another asset. During the period of development, the 
asset is tested for impairment annually
 (e) Depreciation methods, estimated useful lives and 
residual value
  Depreciation on Fixed Assets is provided on Straight 
Line Method (SLM) method as per rates prescribed 
in Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013, except 
in the respect of the following assets, where useful 
life of asset is different than those prescribed in 
Schedule II of the Act.
Particulars Depreciation
Factory Building (Useful 30 
Years )
Over its useful life 
as assessed
Factory Building (Useful 30 
Years )
Over its useful life 
as assessed
Vehicle (Useful life 10 years) Over its useful life 
as assessed
Leasehold Land Over the period of 
lease term
  Depreciation and amortisation on property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets added/disposed off 
during the year has been provided on pro-rata basis 
with reference to the date/month of addition/disposal. 
Depreciation and amortisation methods, useful lives 
and residual values are reviewed at the end of each 
reporting period and adjusted if appropriate.
 (f) Impairement
  The Company assesses at each reporting the carrying 
amounts of its property, plant and equipment, 
intangible assets to determine whether there is 
any indication that those assets have suffered an 
impairment loss. If any indication exists, or when 
annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the 
Company estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. 
Impairment loss, if any, is provided to the extent that 
the carrying amount of assets exceeds their recoverable 
amount. Recoverable amount is higher of net selling 
price of an asset or its value in use. Value in use is the 
present value of estimated future cash flows expected 
to arise from the continuing use of an asset and from 
its disposal at the end of its useful life.
 (g) Non-current assets held for sale
  Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of 
carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. The 
determination of fair value less costs to sell includes 
use of management estimates and assumptions. The 
fair value of the assets held for sale has been estimated 
using valuation techniques (including income and 
market approach), which include unobservable inputs. 
Non-current assets and disposal group that ceases to 
be classified as “Held for Sale” shall be measured at 
the lower of carrying amount before the non-current 
asset and disposal group was classified as “Held for 
Sale” and its recoverable amount at the date of the 
subsequent decision not to sell. Recoverable amounts 
of assets reclassified from “Held for Sale” have been 
estimated using the Management’s assumptions.
(4) Financial assets, financial liabilities, equity 
instruments and impairment of financial assets
 A Financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a 
financial asset of one entity and a financial liability or equity 
instrument of another entity.
 Financial assets and liabilities are recognised when the 
Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument. Financial assets and liabilities are initially 
measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets 
and financial liabilities (other than financial assets and 
financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are 
added to or deducted from the fair value measured on 
initial recognition of financial asset or financial liability.
 The Company derecognises a financial asset only when the 
contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, 
or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all 
the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another 
149
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 377 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
entity. The Company derecognises financial liabilities when, 
and only when, the Company’s obligations are discharged, 
cancelled or have expired.
 (a) Financial assets
  Financial assets at amortised cost
  Financial assets are subsequently measured at 
amortised cost if these financial assets are held 
within a business whose objective is to hold these 
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows and 
the contractual terms of the financial assets give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely 
payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding
  Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income if these financial assets 
are held within a business whose objective is achieved 
by both collecting contractual cash flows on specified 
dates that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding and 
selling financial assets. The Company has made an 
irrevocable election to present subsequent changes 
in the fair value of equity investments not held for 
trading in other comprehensive income
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
  Financial assets are measured at fair value through 
profit or loss unless they are measured at amortised 
cost or at fair value through other comprehensive 
income on initial recognition. The transaction costs 
directly attributable to the acquisition of financial 
assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss are immediately recognised in statement of 
profit and loss.
 (b) Financial liabilities
  Financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost 
using the effective interest method. Other financial 
liabilities (including loans and borrowings, bank 
overdrafts and trade and other payables) are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost using the 
effective interest method.
  The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments (including 
all fees and amounts paid or received that form an 
integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction 
costs and other premiums or discounts) through 
the expected life of the financial liability, or (where 
appropriate) a shorter period, to the amortised cost on 
initial recognition.
  Interest expense (based on the effective interest 
method), foreign exchange gains and losses, and any 
gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
  For trade and other payables maturing within one year 
from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts 
approximate fair value due to the short maturity of 
these instruments
 (c) De-recognition of Financial Instruments:
  A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a 
financial asset or part of a group of similar financial 
assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from 
the Company’s balance sheet) when:
  The rights to receive cash flows from the asset have 
expired, or The Company has transferred its rights 
to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed 
an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full 
without material delay to a third party under a ‘pass-
through’ arrangement; and either (a) the Company has 
transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, or (b) the Company has neither transferred 
nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of 
the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.
  When the Company has transferred its rights to 
receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into 
a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and to 
what extent it has retained the risks and rewards 
of ownership. When it has neither transferred nor 
retained substantially all of the risks and rewards of the 
asset, nor transferred control of the asset, the Company 
continues to recognise the transferred asset to the 
extent of the Company’s continuing involvement. In 
that case, the Company also recognises an associated 
liability. The transferred asset and the associated 
liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights 
and obligations that the Company has retained.
  A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation 
under the liability is discharged or cancelled or 
expires. When an existing financial liability is replaced 
by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability 
are substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition of the 
original liability and the recognition of a new liability. 
The difference in the respective carrying amounts is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (d) Equity Investments
  All equity investments (excluding the investments in 
Subsidiaries) in the scope of Ind AS 109 are measured 
at fair value. Equity instruments which are held for 
Annual Report 2025-26
150


===== PAGE 378 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
trading are classified as at FVTPL. For all other equity 
instruments, the Company may make an irrevocable 
election to present in other comprehensive income 
subsequent changes in the fair value. The Company 
makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument 
basis. The classification is made on initial recognition 
and is irrevocable. If the Company decides to classify 
an equity instrument as at FVTOCI, then all fair value 
changes on the instrument, excluding dividends, are 
recognised in the OCI. There is no recycling of the 
amounts from OCI to the statement of profit and loss, 
even on sale of investment. However, the Company 
may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within 
equity. Equity instruments included within the FVTPL 
category are measured at fair value with all changes 
recognised in the statement of profit and loss.
 (e) Investment in subsidiaries
  Equity investments in subsidiaries are carried at cost 
less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Where an 
indication of impairment exists, the carrying amount 
of the investment is assessed and written down 
immediately to its recoverable amount. On disposal 
of investments in subsidiaries, the difference between 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amounts are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (f) Equity instruments
  An equity instrument is a contract that evidences 
residual interest in the assets of the Company after 
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments 
issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds 
received net of direct issue cost.
 (g) Impairment of Financial Assets:
  In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Company uses 
‘Expected Credit Loss’ (ECL) model, for evaluating 
impairment of all Financial Assets subsequent to 
initial recognition other than financial assets measured 
at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL). The 
Company uses historical default rates to determine 
impairment loss on the portfolio of trade receivables. 
At every reporting date these historical default rates 
are reviewed and changes in the forward-looking 
estimates are analysed. For other financial assets, 
the Company uses 12 month ECL to provide for 
impairment loss where there is no significant increase 
in credit risk since its initial recognition. If there 
is significant increase in credit risk since its initial 
recognition full lifetime ECL is used. The impairment 
losses and reversals are recognised in Statement of 
Profit and Loss. ECL is the difference between all 
contractual cash flows that are due to the Company 
in accordance with the contract and all the cash 
flows that the entity expects to receive (i.e., all cash 
shortfalls), discounted at the original EIR.
 (h) Offsetting
  Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and 
the net amount presented in the Balance Sheet when, 
and only when, the Company currently has a legally 
enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends 
either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset 
and settle the liability simultaneously.
 (i) Share Capital
  Equity shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs 
directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are 
recognised as a deduction from equity. Income tax 
relating to transaction costs of an equity transaction is 
accounted for in accordance with Ind AS 12.
(5) Inventories
 Inventories are valued at lower of cost or net realisable 
value except scrap, which is valued at net estimated 
realisable value.
 The methods of determining cost of various categories of 
inventories are as follows:
Raw Material & Paking Material : FIFO Method
Stores and spares : Weighted Average 
Method
Work-in-progress and finished 
goods (manufactured)
: Weighted Average 
Method
Finished goods (traded) : FIFO Method
Goods in transit : Cost of Purchase
Fuel & Consumables : Weighted Average 
Method
 Cost includes all costs of purchase, costs of 
conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition. 
Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the 
ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of 
completion and the estimated costs necessary to make 
the sale. The net realisable value of work-inprogress is 
determined with reference to the selling prices of related 
finished products. Raw materials and other supplies held 
for use in the production of finished products are not 
written down below cost, except in cases where material 
prices have declined and it is estimated that the cost of the 
finished products will exceed their net realisable value. The 
comparison of cost and net realisable value is made on an 
item-byitem basis.
(6) Cash and cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and 
demand deposit with banks, which are short term, highly 
liquid investment, that are readily convertible into known 
amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk 
of change in value.
151
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 379 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
(7) Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent 
Assets
 (a) Provisions
  The Company recognizes a provision when: it has a 
present legal or constructive obligation as a result of 
past events, it is likely that an outflow of resources will 
be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has 
been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized 
for future operating losses. Provisions are reviewed at 
each balance sheet and adjusted to reflect the current 
best estimates.
 (b) Contingent liabilities
  Contingent liabilities are disclosed in respect of 
possible obligations that arise from past event, whose 
existence would be confirmed by the occurrence or 
non occurrence of one or more uncertain future events 
not wholly within the control of the Company. A 
contingent liability also arises, in rare cases, where 
a liability cannot be recognised because it cannot be 
measured reliably.Contingent liabilities are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date
 (c) Contingent Assets
  A contingent assets is not recognised unless it become 
virtually certain that an inflow of economic benefit 
will arise. When an inflow of economic benefits 
is probable, contingent assets are disclosed in the 
financial statements. Contingent assets are reviewed 
at each balance sheet date
(8) Revenue Recognition
 Ind AS 115 applies, with limited exceptions, to all revenue 
arising from contracts with its customers. Ind AS 115 
establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising 
from contracts with customers and requires that revenue 
be recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration 
to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange 
for transferring goods or services to a customer. Ind AS 
115 requires entities to exercise judgment, taking into 
consideration all of the relevant facts and circumstances 
when applying each step of the model to contracts with 
their customers. It also specifies the accounting for the 
incremental costs of obtaining a contract and the costs 
directly related to fulfilling a contract.
 (a) Sale of goods : Revenue from sale of goods is 
recognised when control of the products being sold 
is transferred to our customer and when there are 
no longer any unfulfilled obligations. Income from 
services rendered is recognised based on agreements/ 
arrangements with the customers as the service is 
performed and there are no unfulfilled obligations. 
The Company recognises revenue from goods sold 
and services rendered at Transaction Price which is 
the amount of consideration the Company expects to 
be entitled to in exchange for transferring promised 
goods or services to a customer, excluding the 
amounts collected on behalf of a third party. The 
Transaction price is net of discounts, sales incentives, 
rebates granted, returns, sales taxes, GST and duties 
and any other recoverable taxes
  Generally, in case of domestic sales, performance 
obligations are satisfied when the goods are dispatched 
or delivery is handed over to transporter, revenue 
from export of goods is recognised at the time of Bill 
of lading or airway bill or any other similar document 
evidencing delivery thereof.
 (b) Interest Income : Interest income from a financial 
asset is recognised when it is probable that the 
economic benefits will flow to the Company and the 
amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest 
income is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the 
principle outstanding and at the effective interest rate 
applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts 
estimated future cash receipts through the expected 
life of the financial asset to that asset’s net carrying 
amount on initial recognition.
 (c) Dividend income : Dividend income is recognised 
when the right to receive the dividend is established, it 
is probable that the economic benefits associated with 
the dividend will flow to the entity and the amount of 
the dividend can be measured reliably.
 (d) Export benefits : Export incentives are recognised as 
income when the right to receive credit as per the terms 
of the scheme is established in respect of the exports 
made and where there is no significant uncertainty 
regarding the ultimate collection of the relevant export 
proceeds.Such export incentives are recorded as part 
of other operating revenue
 (e) Contract asset & liabilities : Contract assets are 
recognised when there is excess of revenue earned 
over billings on contracts, excluding amounts 
classified as unbilled receivables (only act of invoicing 
is pending) when there is unconditional right to 
receive cash and only passage of time is required as 
per contractual terms.
  Contract liabilities are recognised when there are 
billings in excess of revenues. Contract liabilities relate 
to the advance received from customers and deferred 
revenue against which revenue is recognised when or 
as the performance obligation is satisfied.
(9) Retirement and other employee benefits
 The Company recognizes employee benefits as per the 
principles laid down in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind 
AS) 19 – Employee Benefits, as set out below:
Annual Report 2025-26
152


===== PAGE 380 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 (a) Short-term Employee Benefits
  Short-term employee benefits are those which are 
due to be settled wholly within twelve months after 
the end of the period in which the employees render 
the related services. These include salaries, wages, 
bonuses, performance incentives, compensated 
absences (if expected to be availed within 12 months), 
and other non-monetary benefits. The undiscounted 
amount of short-term employee benefits is recognized 
as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the 
period in which the related service is rendered.
 (b) Post Employee Benefits
  Post Employee benefits plans are classified into 
defined benefits plans and defined contribution 
plans as under:
  (i) Defined Contribution Plans
   The Company’s contributions to Provident 
Fund and other defined contribution plans are 
recognized as an expense in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss in the period in which the employees 
render services. The Company has no further 
obligation beyond its monthly contribution.
  (ii) Defined Benefit Plans
   The Company provides for gratuity, a defined 
benefit plan, in accordance with the Payment of 
Gratuity Act, 1972. The liability is determined 
using the Projected Unit Credit Method, with 
actuarial valuations being carried out at the 
end of each reporting period. The defined 
benefit liability recognized in the balance sheet 
represents the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation as reduced by the fair value of 
plan assets (if any).
   Actuarial gains and losses arising from 
experience adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognized immediately in 
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) and are not 
reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
   Past service cost is recognized immediately in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss. The net interest 
cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to 
the net defined benefit liability or asset.
 (c) Other Long-term Employee Benefits
  The Company’s obligation in respect of other long-
term employee benefits is the amount of future 
benefit that employees have earned in return for their 
service in the current and prior periods. That benefit 
is discounted to determine its present value. Re-
measurements are recognised in profit or loss in the 
period in which they arise
 (d) Termination Benefits
  Termination benefits are recognised as an expense 
when, as a result of a past event, the Company has a 
present obligation that can be estimated reliably, and 
it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will 
be required to settle the obligation.
 (e) Actuarial valuation
  The liability in respect of all defined benefit plans 
and other long term benefits is accrued in the books 
of account on the basis of actuarial valuation carried 
out by an independent actuary using the Projected 
Unit Credit Method. The obligation is measured at the 
present value of estimated future cash flows
  Remeasurement gains and losses on other long term 
benefits are recognised in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss in the year in which they arise. Remeasurement 
gains and losses in respect of all defined benefit plans 
arising from experience adjustments and changes in 
actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period 
in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive 
income. They are included in other equity in the 
Statement of Changes in Equity and in the Balance 
Sheet. Changes in the present value of the defined 
benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments 
or curtailments are recognised immediately in profit 
or loss as past service cost. Gains or losses on the 
curtailment or settlement of any defined benefit plan 
are recognised when the curtailment or settlement 
occurs. Any differential between the plan assets (for 
a funded defined benefit plan) and the defined benefit 
obligation as per actuarial valuation is recognised as a 
liability if it is a deficit or as an asset if it is a surplus (to 
the extent of the lower of present value of any economic 
benefits available in the form of refunds from the plan 
or reduction in future contribution to the plan).
  Past service cost is recognised as an expense in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis 
over the average period until the benefits become 
vested. To the extent that the benefits are already 
vested immediately following the introduction of, or 
changes to, a defined benefit plan, the past service cost 
is recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss. Past service cost may be either positive 
(where benefits are introduced or improved) or 
negative (where existing benefits are reduced).
(10) Borrowing costs
 Borrowing costs include interest, other costs incurred 
in connection with borrowing and exchange differences 
arising from foreign currency borrowings to the extent 
that they are regarded as an adjustment to the interest cost. 
General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable 
to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying 
153
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 381 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial 
period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, 
are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the 
assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. 
All other borrowing costs are recognised in the Statement of 
profit and loss in the period in which they are incurred
 In determining the amount of borrowing costs eligible for 
capitalization during a period, any income earned on the 
temporary investment of those borrowings is deducted 
from the borrowing costs incurred.
(11) Exceptional items
 Exceptional items refer to items of income or expense within 
the Statement of Profit and Loss from ordinary activities 
which are non-recurring and are of such size, nature or 
incidence that their separate disclosure is considered 
necessary to explain the performance of the Company.
(12) Taxes
 Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. 
It is recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss except to 
the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items 
recognised directly in equity or in OCI.
 (a) Current Tax
  Current tax comprises the expected tax payable or 
receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year 
and any adjustment to the tax payable or receivable 
in respect of previous years. The amount of current 
tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the 
tax amount expected to be paid or received after 
considering uncertainty related to income taxes, if any. 
It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively 
enacted at the reporting date.
  Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if there 
is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset and 
settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
 (b) Deferred Tax
  Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary 
differences between the carrying amounts of assets 
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the 
amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is 
not recognised for
  Temporary differences related to freehold land and 
investments in subsidiaries, to the extent that the 
Company is able to control the timing of the reversal 
of the temporary differences and it is probable that 
they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and 
taxable temporary differences arising on the initial 
recognition of goodwill.
  Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax 
losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary 
differences to the extent that it is probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which they 
can be used. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are 
reassessed at each reporting date and recognised 
to the extent that it has become probable that future 
taxable profits will be available against which 
they can be used.
  Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are 
expected to be applied to the period when the asset 
is realised or the liability is settled, based on the laws 
that have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the reporting date. The measurement of deferred 
tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow 
from the manner in which the Company expects, at 
the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying 
amount of its assets and liabilities.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if there 
is a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised 
amounts, and it is intended to realise the asset and 
settle the liability on a net basis or simultaneously.
  Deferred income tax is not provided on the 
undistributed earnings of the subsidiaries where it is 
expected that the earnings of the subsidiary will not be 
distributed in the foreseeable future.
(13) Leases :
 The Company assesses whether a contract contains a 
lease, at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, 
a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use 
of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for 
consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the 
right to control the use of an identified asset, the Company 
assesses whether:(1) the contact involves the use of an 
identified asset; (2) the Company has substantially all of the 
economic benefits from use of the asset through the period 
of the lease; and (3) the Company has the right to direct the 
use of the asset.
 The right-of-use assets are initially recognised at cost,which 
comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for 
any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement 
date of the lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease 
incentives. They are subsequently measured at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any.
 Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the commencement 
date on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term 
and useful life of the underlying asset. Right-of-use assets 
are tested for impairment whenever there is any indication 
that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
Impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Annual Report 2025-26
154


===== PAGE 382 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 The lease liability is initially measured at amortised cost 
at the present value of the future lease payments. The 
lease payments are discounted using the interest rate 
implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, using 
the incremental borrowing rates based on information 
available as at the date of commencement of the lease. Lease 
liabilities are remeasured with a corresponding adjustment 
to the related right-of-use asset if the Company changes 
its assessment of whether it will exercise an extension or 
a termination option. Lease liability and right-of-use asset 
have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and 
lease payments have been classified as financing cash flows.
 Ind AS 116 requires lessees to determine the lease term 
as the non-cancellable period of a lease adjusted with 
any option to extend or terminate the lease, if the use of 
such option is reasonably certain. The Company makes an 
assessment on the expected lease term on a lease-by-lease 
basis and thereby assesses whether it is reasonably certain 
that any options to extend or terminate the contract will 
be exercised. In evaluating the lease term, the Company 
considers factors such as any significant leasehold 
improvements undertaken over the lease term, costs 
relating to the termination of the lease and the importance 
of the underlying asset to Company’s operations taking 
into account the location of the underlying asset and the 
availability of suitable alternatives. The lease term in future 
periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects 
the current economic circumstances
(14) Foreign Currency Transactions:
 (a) Functional and presentation currency
  The functional currency of the Company is the Indian 
rupee. These financial statements are presented 
in Indian rupees
 (b) Transactions and balances
  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the 
functional currency using the exchange rates at the 
dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains 
and losses resulting from the settlement of such 
transactions and from the translation of monetary 
assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies 
at balance sheet date exchange rates are generally 
recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss.
  Non-monetary items that are measured at fair 
value in a foreign currency are translated using the 
exchange rates at the date when the fair value was 
determined. Translation differences on assets and 
liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of 
the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation 
differences on nonmonetary assets such as equity 
investments classified as FVOCI are recognised in 
other comprehensive income (OCI)
(15) Government Grants :
 Government grants are recognised at their fair value where 
there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received 
and the Company will comply with all attached conditions
 Government grants relating to the purchase of property, 
plant and equipment are included in non current liabilities 
as deferred income and are credited to the statement of 
profit and loss on a straight line basis over the expected life 
of the related assets and presented within other income.
 Government grants relating to income are deferred and 
recognised in the statement of profit and Loss over the 
period necessary to match them with the costs that they are 
intended to compensate and presented within other income.
(16) Earnings Per Share :
 (a) Basic earnings per share
  Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing: the 
profit attributable to owners of the Company by the 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements 
in equity shares issued during the year.
 (b) Diluted earnings per share
  Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used 
in the determination of basic earnings per share to 
take into account
  The after income tax effect of interest and other 
financing costs associated with dilutive potential 
equity shares, and
  The weighted average number of additional equity 
shares that would have been outstanding assuming 
the conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares
(17) Fair Value Measurement
 The company measures financial instruments, such as, 
derivatives at fair value at each balance sheet date. Fair 
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between 
market participants at the measurement date. The fair 
value measurement is based on the presumption that the 
transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes 
place either: -
 In the principal market for the asset or liability, or - In the 
absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous 
market for the asset or liability The principal or the most 
advantageous market must be accessible by the Company.
 The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using 
the assumptions that market participants would use 
when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market 
participants act in their economic best interest.
155
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 383 =====
Statement of Significant Accounting Policies, 
Accounting Estimates and Judgements
 A fair measurement of a non financial assets takes into 
account a market participant's ability to generate economic 
benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by 
selling it to another market participant that would use the 
asset in its highest and best use.
 The company use valuation techniques that are appropriate 
in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are 
available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of 
relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of 
unobservable inputs.
 All Assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured 
or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized 
within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based 
on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value 
measurement as a whole :-
 Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active 
markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly observable.
 Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level 
input that is significant to the fair value measurement is 
directly and indirectly unobservable.
 For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the balance 
sheet on a recurring basis, the Company determines whether 
transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by 
re assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input 
that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) 
at the end of each reporting period.
 For the purpose of fair value disclosures, the Company has 
determined classes of assets and liabilities on the basis of 
the nature, characteristics and risks of the asset or liability 
and the level of the fair value hierarchy as explained above.
(18) Events after the reporting period
 Events after the reporting period are those events, 
favourable and unfavourable, that occur between the end 
of the reporting period and the date when the financial 
statements are approved by the Board of Directors in case of 
a company, and, by the corresponding approving authority 
in case of any other entity for issue.
 Two types of events can be identified:
 (a) those that provide evidence of conditions that existed 
at the end of the reporting period (adjusting events 
after the reporting period); and
 (b) those that are indicative of conditions that arose after 
the reporting period (non-adjusting events after the 
reporting period).
(19) Segment Reporting
 The Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) evaluates the 
Company’s performance and allocates resources based on 
an analysis of various performance indicators by a single 
operating segment. The Holding Company is engaged in the 
manufacture of Paracetamol. Its wholly owned subsidiary 
is engaged in the manufacture of Acetic Anhydride, which 
is a key raw material used in the production of Paracetamol.
 The operations of both the Holding Company and the 
Subsidiary are closely interlinked and form part of an 
integrated manufacturing process within the same value 
chain. The Group is managed and reviewed by the Chief 
Operating Decision Maker (CODM) as a single business 
activity, and financial information is assessed on a 
consolidated basis.Accordingly, in terms of Ind AS 108 – 
Operating Segments, the Company does not have separately 
identifiable operating segments. As such, segment reporting 
is not applicable to the company.
(20) Recent Pronouncements
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standard or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued 
from time to time
 MCA has notified amendments to Ind AS 1 – Presentation 
of Financial Statements (classification of liabilities as current 
or non-current, including liabilities with covenants), Ind 
AS 12 – Income Taxes (International Tax Reform – Pillar 
Two Model Rules), Ind AS 21 – The Effects of Changes in 
Foreign Exchange Rates (Lack of Exchangeability), and Ind 
AS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107 – Financial 
Instruments: Disclosures (Supplier Finance Arrangements), 
effective from 1 April 2025. The Company has reviewed 
these amendments and based on its evaluation, has 
determined that they do not have any impact on the 
consolidated financial statements.
(21) Previous Year
 Previous Year's figures are regrouped / rearranged 
wherever required.
Annual Report 2025-26
156


===== PAGE 384 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Land Factory 
Building
Plant & 
Machinery
Plant & 
Machinery 
(Pilot Plant)
Electrical 
Installation
Furniture & 
Fixture Vehicle Computer Office 
Equipment Total
 Capital Work 
in Progress 
(CWIP)
Opening gross carrying amount as at April 1, 2024  2,264.81  1,219.85  3,141.15  -  39.06  13.98  153.83  21.62  14.08  6,868.38  4,264.88
Addition during the year  -  3.00  20.82  -  5.11  1.99  -  1.04  2.73  34.70  11,326.04
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
Disposals during the year  -  -  (2.51)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2.51)  (12.86)
Closing gross carrying amount  2,264.81  1,222.85  3,159.47  -  44.17  15.98  153.83  22.66  16.81  6,900.57  15,578.06
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  98.46  457.76  1,235.18  -  18.39  5.99  90.95  13.01  6.95  1,926.71  -
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  32.61  124.65  -  2.91  1.17  10.21  5.92  2.45  187.18  -
Disposals during the year  -  -  (1.57)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1.57)  -
Closing accumulated depreciation  105.72  490.38  1,358.26  -  21.30  7.16  101.16  18.92  9.40  2,112.31  -
Net carrying amount year end of March 31, 2025  2,159.08  732.48  1,801.20  -  22.87  8.81  52.67  3.74  7.41  4,788.26  15,578.06
Opening gross carrying amount as at April 1, 2025  2,264.81  1,222.85  3,159.47  -  44.17  15.98  153.83  22.66  16.81  6,900.57  15,578.06
Addition during the year  -  1,775.60  14,555.59  50.01  1,588.98  217.57  -  53.54  3.27  18,244.55  1,886.97
Assets capitalised during the year from CWIP  -  54.46  81.31  -  10.09  1.60  -  1.71  0.11  149.27  (16,856.58)
Sales during the year  -  -  (9.13)  -  -  -  -  (1.15)  -  (10.27)  -
Disposals during the year  -  -  (23.34)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (23.34)  -
Closing gross carrying amount  2,264.81  3,052.91  17,763.90  50.01  1,643.24  235.15  153.83  76.76  20.19  25,260.78  608.45
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  105.72  490.38  1,358.26  -  21.30  7.16  101.16  18.92  9.40  2,112.31  -
Depreciation charge during the year  7.26  54.89  425.74  3.25  63.92  9.43  7.78  4.84  2.83  579.92  -
Sales during the year  -  -  (4.05)  -  -  -  -  (1.09)  -  (5.15)  -
Disposals during the year  -  -  (5.18)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (5.18)  -
Closing accumulated depreciation  112.98  545.26  1,774.77  3.25  85.22  16.60  108.94  22.68  12.23  2,681.91  -
Net carrying amount year end of March 31, 2026  2,151.82  2,507.65  15,989.13  46.76  1,558.02  218.55  44.89  54.08  7.95  22,578.87  608.45
2 Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE)
157
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 385 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
Particulars-CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  141.40  294.65  166.40  6.00  608.45
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars-Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -  -  -  -  -
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars - CWIP < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  11,326.04  4,188.59  63.43  -  15,578.06
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars-Intangible asset under 
development < 1 Year 1-2 Years 2-3 Years > 3 Years Total
Projects in Progress  -  -  -  -  -
Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -
Particulars
Description 
of item of 
property
Gross carrying 
value 
(H in lakhs)
Title deeds 
held in the 
name of
Whether title 
deed holder 
is a promoter, 
director or 
relative of 
promoter/ 
director or 
employee of 
promoter/
director
Property held 
since which 
date
NA NA NA NA NA NA
2 Property, Plant and Equipment (PPE) (Contd..)
2.1 Capital Work In Progress Aging Schedule:
 As at 31st March 2026
 As at 31st March 2025
2.2 Intangible assets under development Aging Schedule
 As at 31st March 2026
 As at 31st March 2025
2.3 Details of Title Deed not held in the name of the company
Annual Report 2025-26
158


===== PAGE 386 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Right-of-Use Asset 
Building
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024  152.53
Addition during the year  -
Disposals during the year  -
Gross amount as at 31st March 2025  152.53
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  88.80
Depreciation charge during the year  19.06
Disposals during the year  -
Gross Depreciation amount as at 31st March 2025  107.86
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  44.66
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2025  152.53
Addition during the year  98.91
Disposals during the year  -
Gross amount as at 31st March 2026  251.43
Accumulated depreciation
Opening accumulated depreciation  107.86
Depreciation charge during the year  20.99
Disposals during the year  -
Gross Depreciation amount as at 31st March 2026  128.86
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2026  122.57
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Amount
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2024
Additions  17.96
Disposals  (4.14)
As at 31st March 2025  13.82
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2024
Depreciation charge for the year  4.00
Disposals  (0.98)
As at 31st March 2025  3.02
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2025  10.80
Gross carrying amount
As at 1st April, 2025  13.82
Additions  3.92
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  17.74
Accumulated depreciation
As at 1st April, 2025  3.02
Depreciation charge for the year  3.57
Disposals  -
As at 31st March 2026  6.59
Net carrying amount as at 31st March 2026  11.15
3(a) Right-of-Use Assets
3(b) Intangible Asset
159
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 387 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
4 Investments
4B Investments (current)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Quoted Investments
- Investments in Mutual Fund -Measured at FVTPL  2,609.40  -
Total  2,609.40  -
 Other Investments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at March 31, 2026  As at March 31, 2025
No of Shares Amount No of Shares Amount
Investments in Mutual Fund (Quoted)
- HSBC Money Market Fund Direct Growth  43,67,773.88  1,264.62  -  -
- Kotak Savings Fund Growth  15,04,501.75  673.52  -  -
- SBI Low Duration Fund Regular Growth Fund  18,476.59  671.26  -  -
Total  58,90,752.22  2,609.40  -  -
 Aggregate value of quoted investments and its market value is H2,609.40 (PY Nil)
5 Other Financial Assets
5A Non-current (at amortised cost)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Security Deposit  240.55  357.16
Unsecured, Considered Good
Total  240.55  357.16
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Security Deposit  -  -
Unsecured, Considered Good  -
Total  -  -
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Capital Advances  0.73  45.00
Prepaid Expenses  3.00  -
Total Other Assets (non-current)  3.73  45.00
5B Current (at amortised cost)
6 Other Assets
6A Non-current
 (Unsecured, unless otherwise stated)
Annual Report 2025-26
160


===== PAGE 388 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
6B Current
 (Unsecured, considered good, unless otherwise stated)
6 Other Assets (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Other Current Assets As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Balance with Statutory / Government Authorities  4,645.64  3,668.10
Advance to Suppliers  268.64  38.84
Prepaid Expenses  15.77  15.09
Receivable - Others  515.58  25.07
Custom Duty paid in Advance  -  38.82
Accrued Interest on FD  0.01  40.44
Total Other Assets (current)  5,445.65  3,826.36
7 Inventories (at lower of cost and net realisable value)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Raw Material (including stock in transit)  3,934.15  145.08
Stores & Spares  95.14  11.86
Packing Materials  8.76  5.75
Work-in-Progress  239.63  56.98
Finished Goods  264.95  179.21
Trading Goods (including stock in transit)  -  -
Total  4,542.62  398.87
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
TRADE RECEIVABLES
Unsecured,
Debts outstanding for more than six months from the date they are due for payment
Considered Good
Considered Doubtful  118.91  109.17
Less : Provision For bad Debts  (118.91)  (109.17)
Other Debts - Considered Good  9,356.48  7,212.19
Sub 'Total Trade Receivable  9,356.48  7,212.19
Unbilled Revenue  -
Total  9,356.48  7,212.19
Current Portion  9,356.48  7,212.19
Non-Current Portion  -  -
8 Trade Receivables (current) (at amortised cost)
(a) Due to the short nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract.
(b) The Company applies the expected credit loss (ECL) model for measurement and recognition of impairment losses on trade 
receivables. The Company follows the simplified approach for recognition of impairment allowance on trade receivables. 
The application of the simplified approach does not require the Company to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognises 
impairment allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. ECL impairment loss allowance (or reversal) recognised 
during the period is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. This amount is reflected under the head ‘other expenses’ in 
the Statement of Profit and Loss.
161
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 389 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
8 Trade Receivables (current) (at amortised cost) (Contd..)
(c) Movement in impairment allowance on trade receivables
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year  109.17  24.41
Allowances / (write back) during the year  10.94  100.34
Written off against past provision  (1.20)  (15.58)
Balance at the end of the year  118.91  109.17
(d) Trade receivables (current) ageing :
 As at 31 March, 2026
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month
 6 Month 
to 1 Year  1-2 Year  2-3 Year  More than 
3 Year  Total
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 7,712.46  1,530.97  -  54.27  58.78  -  9,356.48
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  2.17  110.21  6.53  118.91
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables – 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 7,712.46  1,530.97  -  56.44  168.99  6.53  9,475.39
Unbilled Trade Receivables
Less: Impairment Allowance  (118.91)
Total Trade Receivables  9,356.48
 As at 31 March, 2025
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not Due  Less than 
6 Month
 6 Month 
to 1 Year  1-2 Year  2-3 Year  More than 
3 Year  Total
(i) Undisputed Trade Receivables - 
considered good
 5,886.29  1,199.56  44.98  81.36  -  -  7,212.19
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
 -  -  -  100.34  -  8.83  109.17
(iii) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
 -  -  -  -  -  -  -
 5,886.29  1,199.56  44.98  181.70  -  8.83  7,321.36
Unbilled Trade Receivables
Less: Impairment Allowance  (109.17)
Total Trade Receivables  7,212.19
9 Current Financial Assets - Cash and Cash Equivalents
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Cash & Cash Equivalents
(a) Balances with banks  349.60  483.00
(b) Cash on hand  3.22  8.65
Total Cash & Cash Equivalents  352.81  491.65
Annual Report 2025-26
162


===== PAGE 390 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
10 Bank Balances Other than Cash & Cash Equivalents
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Fixed Deposits  352.74  7,107.49
Total Other Balances with Banks  352.74  7,107.49
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Advance Tax and Tax Deducted at Source (Net of Provision)  168.44  219.06
Total Current Tax Assets (Net)  168.44  219.06
11 Loans (current) (at amortised cost)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Unsecured, Considered Good
Loan to Employees  4.19  6.16
Advance to Related Parties  -
Total Loans (current)  4.19  6.16
12 Current Tax Assets (Net)
13 Equity Share Capital
A. Authorized:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Authorized:
6,00,00,000 Equity Shares of H 10/- each  6,000.00  6,000.00
Total  6,000.00  6,000.00
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Equity Share Capital  4,345.00  4,345.00
Add: Right Shares allotted to the year *  1,086.25  -
Total  5,431.25  4,345.00
B Issued, Subscribed & Paid Up:
 *The increase in equity share capital is on account of Right Issue Equity Shares on August 11, 2025, where No. of shares allotted were 1,08,62,500 at Issue price 
of H 75 each (Face Value H10 and Securities Premium H65)
 Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to equity shares
 Ordinary Equity Shares
 The Company has only one class of Shares referred to as Equity Shares having par value of H 10. Each holder of equity shares is 
entitled to one vote per share. The company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The dividend proposed by the Board 
of Directors is subject to the approval of the Shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. In the event of liquidation of 
the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive remaining assets of the Company, after distribution of all 
preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders.
163
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 391 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
13 Equity Share Capital (Contd..)
C Reconciliation of Equity Shares Outstanding
 Reconciliation of number of ordinary equity shares outstanding
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  Amount  Number  Amount
Shares outstanding at the beginning of 
the year
 4,34,50,000  4,345.00  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
Add: Right Issue of Shares  1,08,62,500  1,086.25  -  -
Shares outstanding at the end of the year  5,43,12,500  5,431.25  4,34,50,000  4,345.00
D. Details of Shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares
 Ordinary Equity Shares
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Number  % of Holding  Number  % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,54,37,500 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  50,84,612 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
(H In Lakhs.)
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Number  % of Holding Number  % of Holding
- Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP  2,54,37,500 46.84%  2,03,50,000 46.84%
- Paresh Shashikant Shah  50,84,612 9.36%  40,67,690 9.36%
- Shantilal Shivji Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Santosh Shantilal Vora  40,73,987 7.50%  32,59,190 7.50%
- Kanchan Shantilal Vora  20,18,362 3.72%  16,14,690 3.72%
- Rachi Santosh Vora  8,662 0.02%  6,930 0.02%
- Varsha Paresh Shah  2,887 0.01%  2,310 0.01%
- Sangita Manoj Jain  1,490 0.00%  1,000 0.00%
E. Details of shares held by Promoter and Promoter Group
 Ordinary Equity Shares (No of share and % )
14 Other Equity
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
a. Securities Premium  20,996.76  14,099.84
b. Retained Earning  4,661.32  4,988.11
c. Other Comprehensive Income  (0.83)  (1.94)
Total, Other Equity  25,657.26  19,086.01
Nature and Purpose of Reserves
Securities Premium
Security Premium Reserve is the additional amount charged on the face value of any share when the shares are issued, 
redeemed, and forfeited.
Retained Earning
Retained earning are the profits that the Company has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, any transfers from or to 
other comprehensive income, dividends or other distributions paid to shareholders.
Annual Report 2025-26
164


===== PAGE 392 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
14 Other Equity (Contd..)
Securities Premium
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Opening Balance  14,099.84  14,132.44
Addition:  6,896.92  (32.60)
Deduction:  -
Closing Balance  20,996.76  14,099.84
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Retained Earning
Opening Balance (Profit & Loss Account)  4,988.11  5,208.68
Add - Net Profit for the year  (326.79)  (220.12)
Less: Remeasurement (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  (0.46)
Amount available for appropriation  4,661.32  4,988.11
Closing Balance  4,661.32  4,988.11
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Opening Balance  (1.94)  -
Add: Fair value changes of various Financial intruments  -
Add: Remeasurement (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  0.42  0.46
Less: Remeasurement (Loss) on defined benefit plan (net off tax)  0.70  (2.40)
Less : Transfer to retained earnings on disposal of FVOCI equity instruments  -
Closing Balance  (0.83)  (1.94)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Secured- At Amortised Cost  2,809.29  4,494.87
Unsecured
From Others
- Indian currency loan  -  5,940.02
Total Borrowings (non-current)  2,809.29  10,434.89
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Repayable on demand from Banks (secured)
- Cash Credit Facility  -  -
- Working Capital Demand Loan  -
- Secured- At Amortised Cost  1,685.57  1,685.57
- Packing Credit in foreign currency  -
Total Borrowings (current)  1,685.57  1,685.57
Retained Earning
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
15
15A Non-current borrowings
15B Current
 Footnotes:
 As at March 31, 2026, H 2,809.29 Lakhs of the total outstanding borrowings were secured by a charge on property, plant and 
equipment, inventories, receivables and other current assets.
165
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 393 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
15 (Contd..)
 The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the statutory period.
 There are no material differences between the quarterly statements of stock filed by the company with banks and the 
books of accounts.
 The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender in accordance with 
the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of India.
 Rupee term loans as on 31 March 2026, amounting to H2,809.29 lakhs were secured by a charge on immovable & movable 
properties including movable machinery, spares, tools & accessories, ranking pari passu inter-se. The term loan was originally 
payable across 48 equal monthly instalments starting from December 2024 till November 2028 as mentioned in the table below:
(H In Lakhs.)
Loan Account No. Secured Loan 
Taken Interest Rate  Repayment 
Start Date
Repayment 
End Date
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-491  327.00 8.94 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-493  27.21 8.88 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-494  216.04 8.93 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-495  117.55 8.92 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-500  152.88 8.86 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-499  269.35 8.93 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-498  300.56 8.91 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-496  289.20 8.96 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-497  356.30 8.79 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-501  22.30 8.79 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-502  424.81 8.77 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-504  321.38 8.55 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-505  549.42 8.60 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-506  333.33 8.54 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-508  462.92 8.40 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
HSBC Term Loan 006-449433-510  324.62 8.38 31-12-2024 30-11-2028
Outstanding Loan Amount till 31.03.2026  4,494.87
 Note - The above mentioned Term Loan table includes H1,685.57 Lakhs of Current Borrowings of Secured Loan and H 2,809.29 
Lakhs of Non Current Borrowings.
16 Lease Liabilities
16A Lease Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Long term maturities of lease obligations  79.78  25.13
Total lease liabilities (non-current)  79.78  25.13
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Current maturities of finance lease obligations 46.55  23.10
Total lease liabilities (current)  46.55  23.10
16B Current
 Footnotes:
 (i) The Company has lease contracts for its office premises and godowns with lease term between 1 year to 5 years. The Company’s 
obligations under its leases are secured by the lessor’s title to the leased assets. Generally, the Company is restricted from 
assigning and subleasing the leased assets. The Company also has certain leases of office premises and godowns with lease 
terms of 12 months or less. The Company applies the ‘short-term lease’ recognition exemptions for these leases.
Annual Report 2025-26
166


===== PAGE 394 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
16 Lease Liabilities (Contd..)
  (a) The movement in lease liabilities during the year ended 31 March, 2026 is as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Balance at the beginning  48.23  65.79
Additions  98.91  -
Accretion of interest  4.61  5.54
Payment of lease liabilities  (25.43)  (23.10)
Balance at the end  126.33  48.23
Non-current  79.78  25.13
Current  46.55  23.10
  (b) The following are the amounts recognised in profit or loss:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Depreciation on right-of-use assets  20.99  19.06
Interest expense on lease liabilities  4.61  5.54
Expense relating to short-term leases  25.43  23.10
Total amount recognised in statement of profit and loss  51.03  47.70
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Security Deposit
AARTI INDUSTRIES LTD  96.14  96.14
Total lease liabilities (non - current)  96.14  96.14
  (c) Details of carrying amount of right-of-use assets and movement during the period is disclosed under Note 5.
 (ii) The maturity analysis of lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 39C (ii) ‘Liquidity Risk Management’.
 (iii) The effective interest rate for lease liabilities is 10%, with maturity between 2022-2024.
 (iv) Expense relating to short-term leases are disclosed under the head rent in other expenses
17 Other non financial Liability
18 Provisions
18A Non Current Provisions
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Provision For Employees Benefit
(a) Provision for Gratuity  (4.90)  -
(b) Provision for Leave Salary  19.48  12.84
(c) Provision for Bonus  -  -
Total Provisions (non-current)  14.58  12.84
167
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 395 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
18 Provisions (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars As at 
March 31, 2026
As at 
March 31, 2025
Provision For Employees Benefits
(a) Provision for Gratuity  1.09  (5.81)
(b) Provision for Leave Salary  1.87  1.50
(c) Provision for Bonus  28.86  24.28
Total Provisions (current)  31.81  19.98
18B Current
19 Deferred Tax
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2025
Charge / (Credit) 
to Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March,2026
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per 
the books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 184.46  218.07  -  402.53
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (39.71)  (3.74)  -  (43.45)
Fair Value Adjustments on Security Deposit  2.02  4.25  -  6.27
Fair Value Gain on Investments  -  0.32  -  0.32
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  0.79  (0.76)  0.02  0.05
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 -  -  -  -
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (23.38)  22.44  -  (0.94)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  124.17  240.58  0.02  364.78
Particulars  As on 1st 
April, 2024
Charge / (Credit) 
to Statement of 
Profit and Loss
Charge / 
(Credit) to Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
 As on 31st 
March,2025
(a) Deferred tax liabilities, on account of:
Difference between WDV of depreciable fixed assets as per 
the books of accounts and Income Tax Act, 1961
 129.24  55.21  -  184.46
(b) Deferred tax assets, on account of:
Provision for expense allowed for tax purpose on payment 
basis (Net)
 (55.69)  18.00  -  (37.69)
Fair Value Adjustments on Security Deposit  -  -  -
Remeasurement of the defined benefit plans through OCI  (7.58)  8.37  -  0.79
Difference in carrying value and tax base of investments in 
equity instruments measured at FVTPL
 (4.36)  4.36  -  -
Difference in Right-of-use asset and lease liabilities  (0.21)  (23.17)  -  (23.38)
Deferred tax expense/(benefit) for the year  -  -  -  -
(c) Net Deferred tax liabilities  61.77  62.77  -  124.17
Annual Report 2025-26
168


===== PAGE 396 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
19 Deferred Tax (Contd..)
The major components of Income Tax Expense for the year:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
(i) Income tax recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss
Current tax:
For current year  163.96  5.68
Deferred tax:
For current year  239.65  63.18
Income tax expense recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss  403.61  68.86
(ii) Income tax expense recognised in Other Comprehensive Income
Deferred tax:
Income tax (expense) /benefit on remeasurement of defined benefit plans  (0.28)  0.79
Income tax (expense) /benefit on Fair Value Changes on various Financial 
Instruments
 -
Income tax benefit / (expense) recognised in OCI  (0.28)  0.79
Reconciliation of tax expense and accounting profit for the year:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
Profit before tax  76.82  (151.26)
Income tax expense calculated at 25.168%  19.33  (36.44)
Tax effect on non-deductible expenses  6.33  160.95
Effect of Income which is taxed at special rates  14.79  5.68
Effect of concessions (depreciation under income tax act)  (67.07)  (74.95)
Others  190.58  (49.57)
Total  163.96  5.68
Tax expense as per Statement of Profit and Loss  163.96  5.68
20 Trade payables
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
Trade & Non-Trade Payables  -
Total Outstanding Dues of Micro enterprises and Small Enterprises; and  293.42  378.58
Total Outstanding dues of Creditors other than Micro enterprises and small enterprises  9,109.06  3,693.02
Total  9,402.49  4,071.59
Trade payables ageing:
As at 31st March, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
 Total Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year  1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years
(i) MSME  -  126.05  167.37  -  -  -  293.42
(ii) Others  -  8,105.87  468.63  534.34  0.22  -  9,109.06
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -
 -  8,231.92  636.00  534.34  0.22  -  9,402.49
169
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 397 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
20 Trade payables (Contd..)
As at 31st March, 2025
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Outstanding for the following periods from due date of payment
 Total Unbilled  Not Due  < 1 year  1 Year - 2 
Years  2-3 Years  > 3 Years
(i) MSME  281.73  96.65  0.19  -  -  378.58
(ii) Others  2,056.84  1,627.03  9.14  -  -  3,693.02
(iii) Disputed Dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -
(iv) Disputed Dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -
 -  2,338.57  1,723.69  9.34  -  -  4,071.59
Disclosures under Section 22 of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (as amended)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
(i) (a) Principal amount remaining unpaid to any supplier  293.42  378.58
(b) Interest on (i)(a) above
(ii) The amount of interest paid along with the principal payment made to the supplier
(iii) Amount of interest due and payable on delayed payments
(iv) Amount of further interest remaining due and payable for the earlier years
(v) Total outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprises
- Principal  293.42  378.58
- Interest
21 Other Current Financial Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
Creditors for Capital Goods  -  -
Salaries and Wages Payable  35.41  30.83
Outstanding Expenses  190.17  104.43
Total  225.58  135.26
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars  As at 
March 31, 2026
 As at 
March 31, 2025
Statutory Dues  514.20  25.85
Advance from Customer  38.38  0.21
Total  552.58  26.06
22 Other Current Liabilities
23 Revenue from operations
(H In Lakhs.)
REVENUE FROM OPERATION For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Sale of Manufactured Products  22,929.44  12,971.92
Other revenue from operation  300.00  300.00
Sale of Traded Products  517.31  66.28
Total  23,746.75  13,338.20
Annual Report 2025-26
170


===== PAGE 398 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
Footnotes :
(a) Reconciliation of revenue as per contract price and as recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss:
23 Revenue from operations (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(a) Revenue as per contract price  23,746.75  13,338.20
(b) Less: Discount  -  -
Revenue as per the Statement of Profit and Loss  23,746.75  13,338.20
 Disaggregate revenue information
(b) In case of Domestic Sales, payment terms range from 60 days to 100 days based on geography and customers. In case of Export 
Sales these are either against documents at sight, documents against acceptance or letters of credit - 60 days to 120 days. There is 
no significant financing component in any transaction with the customers.
(c) The Company does not provide performance warranty for products, therefore there is no liability towards performance warranty.
(d) The Company does not have any remaining performance obligation as contracts entered for sale of goods are for a shorter duration.
24 Other Income
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(a) Interest Income
Interest on Security Deposit  6.31  8.02
Interest on Income Tax Refund  3.61  11.76
Investments in debt instruments measured at fair value  0.57  10.76
Other financial assets carried at amortised cost  98.59  272.12
 109.08  302.67
(b) Other Non-operating Income
Foreign Exchange Gain/ (Loss) (39.23)  (1.47)
Gain on Financial Instrument  61.93  184.39
Profit/(loss) on sale of Fixed assets (3.05)  0.48
Miscellaneous Income  50.16  10.07
 69.82  193.48
(c) Other Gains and Losses
Net gains (Losses) on fair value changes through FVTPL  53.15  47.34
 53.15  47.34
Total  232.04  543.48
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(a) Raw Materials Consumed
Opening Stock  145.08  366.33
Add: Purchases  22,699.85  10,943.11
 22,844.93  11,309.44
Less: Closing Stock  3,849.90  145.08
 18,995.03  11,164.37
(b) Packing Materials Consumed
Opening Stock  5.75  12.93
Add: Purchases  88.22  46.20
 93.97  59.13
Less: Closing Stock  8.76  5.75
 85.21  53.38
 Total Cost of Materials Consumed  19,080.24  11,217.74
25 Cost of Materials Consumed
171
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 399 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
26 PURCHASE OF STOCK IN TRADE
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Purchase of Trading Goods  904.50  56.14
Total  904.50  56.14
27 Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in- progress and stock-in -trade
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Opening Stock
- Stock in trade  -  -
- Finished Goods  179.21  319.62
- Work-in-Progress  56.98  302.66
 236.18  622.28
Closing Stock
- Stock in trade  -  -
- Finished Goods  264.95  179.21
- Work-in-Progress  239.63  56.98
 504.58  236.18
Total Change in Inventories  (268.39)  386.10
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Salaries and wages  628.08  396.39
Contribution to provident and other funds  44.23  24.45
Staff Welfare Expenses  27.51  17.98
Total  699.82  438.81
A. Defined benefit plans
 (ii) Post-employment benefits (Gratuity)
  The company provides for gratuity for employees in India as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. Employees who are in 
continuous service for a period of 5 years are eligible for gratuity. The amount of gratuity payable on retirement/termination 
is the employees last drawn basic salary per month computed proportionately for 15 days salary multiplied for the number 
of years of service. The gratuity plan is a funded plan and the company makes contributions to recognized funds in India. 
The company maintains a target level of funding to be maintained over a period of time based on estimations of expected 
gratuity payments.
  Aforesaid post-employment benefit plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest 
rate risk, salary risk and longevity risk.
  (i) Investment risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate determined 
by reference to government bond yields. If the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit.
  (ii) Interest risk: A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability. However, this will be partially offset 
by an increase in the value of plan’s debt investments.
  (iii) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan 
participants. As such, an increase in salary of the plan participants will increase the plan’s liability.
  (iv) Longevity risk: The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of 
the mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of the plan 
participants will increase the plan’s liability.
Annual Report 2025-26
172


===== PAGE 400 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Contd..)
   Details of defined benefit obligations and plan assets (Gratuity)
   The amounts recognised in the balance sheet and the movements in the net defined benefit obligation over the year 
are as follows :
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Change in defined benefit obligations:
Obligation at the beginning of the year  102.80  87.45
Current Service Cost  12.84  9.62
Interest Cost  7.00  6.31
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss  3.29  3.69
Benefits Paid  (16.05)  (4.27)
Obligation at the end of the year  109.88  102.80
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Change in plan assets:
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  108.27  96.92
Interest income  7.38  7.00
Remeasurement gain/(loss) excluding amount included within 
employee benefit expense
 (0.85)  0.50
Contributions by the Employer  8.70  8.13
Benefits Paid  (16.05)  (4.27)
Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  107.46  108.27
   Amounts recognised in the balance sheet consist of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Present Value of Obligation  109.88  102.80
Fair Value of Plan Assets  (107.46)  (108.27)
 2.42  (5.47)
Recognised as:
Provision for Gratuity (non-current)
Provision for Gratuity (current)  2.42  (5.47)
   Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss consists of:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Employee benefits expenses:
Current service cost  12.84  9.62
Net interest expense  (0.37)  (0.68)
 12.46  8.94
Other comprehensive income
Return on plan assets excluding amount included in employee benefits 
expense
 0.85  (0.50)
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in demographic assumption  -  -
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in financial assumption  (5.63)  2.59
Actuarial (gain)/loss arising from changes in experience adjustments  2.70  1.10
 (2.09)  3.19
Expense/(gain) recognised in the statement of profit and loss  10.38  12.13
173
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 401 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Contd..)
   The major categories of plans assets are as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Asset category
Insurance fund  107.46  108.27
Total  107.46  108.27
   Key assumptions used in the measurement of retiring gratuity is as below:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Financial Assumptions:
Discount Rate 7.59% 6.81%
Rate of escalation in Salary 5.50% 5.50%
Demographic Assumptions:
Rate of Employee Turnover 3.00% 3.00%
Mortality Rate Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
Indian Assured 
Lives Mortality 
2012-14 (Urban)
   Maturity profile of projected benefit obligation (from fund) :
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
1st following year  15.77  14.20
2nd following year  3.22  7.94
3rd following year  13.97  8.39
4th following year  14.02  12.25
5th following year  8.25  15.21
Sum of year 6 To 10  40.48  30.26
Sum of year 6 To 10  78.57  77.13
   Footnotes
   (i) The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions 
occurring at the end of the reporting period, while holding all other assumptions constant.
   (ii) The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the projected benefit 
obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the 
assumptions may be correlated.
   (iii) Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the projected benefit obligation 
has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period, which is the same 
method as applied in calculating the projected benefit obligation as recognised in the balance sheet.
   (iv) There was no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from prior years.
   (v) The Company is expected to contribute H 5.39 lakhs (PY H 8.13 lakhs ) to defined benefit plan obligations funds for 
the year ended March 31, 2026.
   (vi) Expected return on assets is determined by multiplying the opening fair value of the plan assets by the expected 
rate of return determined at the start of the annual reporting period, taking account of expected contributions & 
expected settlements during the reporting period.
   (vii) The Weighted Average Duration of the Plan works out to 8 years.
   (viii) Asset Liability matching strategy:
Annual Report 2025-26
174


===== PAGE 402 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
28 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Contd..)
    The money contributed by the Company to the Gratuity fund to finance the liabilities of the plan has to be 
invested. The trustees of the plan have outsourced the investment management of the fund to an insurance 
Company. The insurance Company in turn manages these funds as per the mandate provided to them by the 
trustees and the asset allocation which is within the permissible limits prescribed in the insurance regulations. 
Due to the restrictions in the type of investments that can be held by the fund, it is not possible to explicitly follow 
an asset liability matching strategy. There is no compulsion on the part of the Company to fully prefund the 
liability of the Plan.
   (ix) Other long-term employee benefits
    Annual Leave and Sick Leave assumptions
    The liability towards compensated absences (annual leave and sick leave) for the year ended 31st March, 2026 based 
on actuarial valuation carried out by using Projected Accrued Benefit Method resulted in liability of H 15.58 lakhs.
B. Defined contribution plans
 Provident Fund
 The company has certain defined contribution plans. Contributions are made to provident fund for employees at the rate of 12% 
of basic salary as per regulations. The contributions are made to registered provident fund administered by the government. The 
obligation of the company is limited to the amount contributed and it has no further contractual nor any constructive obligation. 
The expense recognized during the period towards defined contribution plan are H 22.92 lakhs (PY H 23.47 lakhs).
 On November 21, 2025, the Government of India notified provisions of the Code on Wages, 2019, the Industrial Relations Code, 
2020, the Code on Social Security, 2020 and the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, (‘Labour Codes’) 
which consolidate twenty-nine existing labour laws into a unified framework governing employee benefits during employment 
and post-employment. The Labour Codes, amongst other things introduces changes, including a uniform definition of wages and 
enhanced benefits relating to leave. The Company has assessed the financial implications of these changes which has resulted in 
increase in gratuity liability arising out of past service cost and increase in leave liability. Considering the impact arising out of 
an enactment of the new legislation is an event of non-recurring nature, the Company has presented this incremental amount as 
“Contribution to Provident Fund” under “Employee Benefit Expenses” in the Condensed Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the year ended March 31, 2026. The Company continues to monitor the developments pertaining to Labour Codes and will 
evaluate impact if any on the measurement of the employee benefits liability
29 Finance Costs
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Interest Expense-Bank  177.69  11.82
Interest on finance lease obligations  4.61  5.54
Interest Others  7.94  0.18
Total  190.25  17.53
Note: Finance costs incurred on various projects being qualifying assets is capitalised in accordance with Ind AS 23.
On adoption of Ind AS 116 Leases, the Company has recognised Right-of-use assets and created lease obligation representing present 
value of future minimum lease payments.
30 DEPRECIATION & AMORTISATION EXPENSES
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Depreciation on property plant and equipment  582.98  190.20
Depreciation on Right-of-use assets  20.99  19.06
Total  603.98  209.26
175
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 403 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Payment to Auditors
- For Statutory Audit  2.20  3.31
- Tax Audit  1.00  -
- For Other Services  1.66  1.50
Total  4.86  4.81
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Net Profit available for Equity Shareholders  (326.79)  (220.12)
No. of Equity Shares as per financial statement  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Basic Earnings Per Share* (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year)
 5,03,84,144.00  4,34,50,000
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Consumption of stores and spare parts  84.91  34.22
Consumption of Power & Steam  990.52  585.54
Freight Octroi & Cartage  294.31  122.50
Repairs & Maintenance  -
- Building  16.69  24.86
- Plant & Machinery  35.55  14.40
Insurance Charges  13.26  15.78
Water & Drainage Charges  30.24  8.62
Effluent Treatment Plant Charge  17.54  13.30
Labour Charges  314.42  222.69
Statutory Liability  -  0.05
Safety & Security Charges  25.18  12.62
Laboratory charges  13.08  14.82
Legal and Professional Fees  54.26  49.82
Weighing charges  0.73  0.63
Vehicle Expenses  3.67  3.91
Commission and Incentives on sales  68.30  54.49
Auditor's Remuneration  4.86  4.81
Provision for Bad and Doubtful Debts  9.74  84.76
Sundry balance written off  -  (0.00)
Director Sitting Fees  2.20  1.30
Donation  0.55  21.69
Fair value changes of various Financial instruments  -  325.12
- Corporate Social Responsibility (refer note no. 44)  -  -
 Disposal of asset  18.16  -
Miscellaneous Expenses  324.13  91.42
Consumption of Gas  369.26  -
Total  2,691.58  1,707.35
31 OTHER EXPENSES
Details of payments to Auditors
32- EARNING PER SHARE (EPS):
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS amounts are calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of Equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of Equity shares that would be issued on 
conversion of all the dilutive potential Equity shares into Equity shares.
Annual Report 2025-26
176


===== PAGE 404 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
32- EARNING PER SHARE (EPS): (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Weighted average number of Equity Shares for Diluted Earnings Per Share** (nos.) 
(Previous year numbers include Bonus Shares issued during current year)
 5,03,84,144.00  4,34,50,000
Basic Earnings Per Share (in H)  (0.65)  (0.51)
Diluted Earnings Per Share (in H)  (0.65)  (0.51)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Basic and Diluted EPS (in Nos)
Existing (Nos)  4,34,50,000  4,34,50,000
Right issue of shares  1,08,62,500  -
Total Number of shares after conversion  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Bonus Issue in Previous year  -
Bonus Issue in current year  -
Total Number of shares after Bonus issue  5,43,12,500  4,34,50,000
Number of Shares for Computation of EPS
33 Contingent Liabilities and Commitments (To the extent not provided for)
Contingent Liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts
(i) GST matters (including penalty)  98.97  -
(ii) Income tax matters  -  -
(iii) Labour laws related matters (ESIC)  -  -
(iv) Others - Bank Guarantees  310.33  9.00
(v) Corporate Guarantee*  4,494.87  6,180.44
Total  4,904.17  6,189.44
*Corporate Guarantee given by VLL on behalf on VASPL is H100 crores out of which only H44.95 crores has been availed as on Mar 26
Future cash outflows in respect of the above matters are determinable only on receipt of judgments/decisions pending at 
various stages/forums
(a) Commitments
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(a) Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of advances)
 -  -
(b) Letters of Credit and Bank guarantees issued by bankers towards procurement 
of goods and services and outstanding as at year end
 1,803.59  1,418.98
Total  1,803.59  1,418.98
(b) Corporate Social Responsibility
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
(A) Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year  -  -
(B) Amount approved by the Board to be spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -  -
177
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 405 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
32- EARNING PER SHARE (EPS): (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
On purposes other than above  -  -
Total  -  -
(C) Amount spent during the year
Construction / acquisition of any asset  -
On purposes other than above  -  -
Total  -  -
(D) Details of ongoing project and other than ongoing project
(i) In case of Section 135(6) (ongoing project)
Opening Balance - With Company  -
     - In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -
Amount required to be spent during the year  -
Amount spent during the year - From Company’s bank A/c'  -
 - From Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -
Closing Balance - With Company  -
     - In Separate CSR Unspent A/c  -
(ii) In case of Section 135(5) (other than ongoing project)
Opening Balance  (1.34)  (1.34)
Amount deposited in Specified Fund of Sch. VII within 6 months  -  -
Amount required to be spent during the year  -  -
Amount spent during the year  -  -
Closing balance (Excess spent)  (1.34)  (1.34)
34 Segment Information
The operating segments have been reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Board of Directors, who 
are the Chief Operating Decision Makers (CODM). The board responsible for allocating resources and assessing the performance of 
operating segments. Accordingly, the reportable segment is only one segment i.e. pharmacuticals.
(a) Revenue from Type of Product and Services
 There is only one operating segment of the Company which is based on nature of product. Hence the revenue from external 
customers shown under geographical information is representative of revenue based on product and services.
(b) Geographical Information
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2026
For the Year Ended 
 31-Mar-2025
Segment Revenue - External Turnover
Within India  23,336.99  13,274.08
Outside India  409.75  64.12
Total  23,746.75  13,338.20
Non-Current Assets*
Within India  23,565.32  20,823.94
Outside India  -  -
Total  23,565.32  20,823.94
 * includes property plant and equipment, intangible assets, capital work-in-progress, other financial asset and other non-current assets.
Annual Report 2025-26
178


===== PAGE 406 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
35 Related Party Transactions
Disclosure on Related Party Transactions as required by Ind AS 24 - Related Party Disclosures is given below:
Holding
Name Relation
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP Holding
Valiant Organics limited Ultimate holding
Subsidiary
Name Relation
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company
(a) Key Managerial Personnel:
Name Designation
Mr Santosh Vora Managing Director
Mr Paresh Shah Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer
Mr Jyotibhushan Singh Executive Director in VASPL
Ms Prajakta Patil (Resigned w.e.f June 15, 2025) Company Secretary
Mr Akshay Gangurde (Appointed w.e.f July 9, 2025) Company Secretary
(b) Other entities where significant influence exist:
 (i) Post employment-benefit plan entity:
  The Trustee Valiant Laboratories Limited Employee Group Gratuity Fund
(c) Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel
 Mr. Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Kanchan Shantilal Vora
 Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora
 Mr. Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Sushila Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Varsha Paresh Shah
 Mr. Dhirenbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mr. Mehulbhai Shashikant Shah
 Mrs. Meena Dhiren Shah
 Mr. Devansh Paresh Shah
 Ms. Nirali Shah Sheth
 Mrs. Rashmi Singh
 Mr. Abhijeet Singh
 Mr. Avinash Kumar Singh
 Mr. Himanshu Singh
179
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 407 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
35 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
 Ms. Srishti Singh
 Mr. Dnyaneshwar Gangurde
 Mrs. Baby Gangurde
 Mr. Nihal Gangurde
 Ms. Sonali Gangurde
(d) Other related parties
Name Designation
Mrs. Sonal Vira Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Sandeep Gupta Non Executive Director
Mr. Mulesh Savla Non Executive Independent Director
Mr. Ashok Chheda Non Executive Independent Director
 Compensation of key management personnel of the Company:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars Mar-26 Mar-25
(i) Short-term employee benefits  65.34  69.66
(ii) Post-employment benefits#  -  -
(iii) Director Sitting fees  1.25  1.25
Total compensation paid to key management personnel  66.59  70.91
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding with holding company
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP Investment (Unsec Loan taken)  -  -  -  4,861.61
Investment (Unsec Loan repaid)  4,861.61  -  -  -
Purchase of Goods  37.56  -  -  -
Aarti Industries Limited Purchase of Goods  14.69  -  -  -
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited Rent Received  300.00  -  354.00  27.00
Sale of Goods  555.57  340.02  -  -
Purchase of Goods  288.76  31.11  281.96  -
Deposit  -  96.14  -  96.14
Reimbursement - Electricity & 
Water
 622.68  65.81  643.39  45.76
Valiant Organics limited Others - Reimbursement  -  -  -  -
Purchase of Goods  10,739.60  5,496.07  5,017.15  0.74
Purchase of Asset  -  -  23.00  18.87
Sale of Goods  103.74  28.22  0.59  -
Sale of Asset  -  -  -  -
Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited
Investment (Share Capital)  -  16,505.80  8,408.47  16,505.80
Sale of Asset  -  -  6.57  6.57
Reimbursement - Salary  15.33  -  6.00  6.00
Reimbursement - Others  3.13  -  -  -
Advance to Supplier  2,930.75  -  188.96  188.96
Purchase of Goods  2,059.50  -  0.21  0.21
Other Income  0.20  -  -  -
Sale of Goods  1,130.74  -  -  -
Annual Report 2025-26
180


===== PAGE 408 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
35 Related Party Transactions (Contd..)
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) / Close Family Member of Key 
Managerial Personnel:
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
Mr Santosh Vora Remuneration  27.00  -  12.00  1.00
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  360.03
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  360.03  -  -  -
Sitting Fees  0.50  -  0.40  -
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  358.94
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  358.94  -  -  -
Mr Paresh Shah Remuneration  15.00  -  15.00  1.25
Unsecured Loan (Taken)  -  -  -  359.43
Unsecured Loan (Repaid)  359.43  -  -  -
Mrs. Rachi Santosh Vora Remuneration  2.50  -  15.00  1.25
Mr J B Singh Remuneration  17.00  -  14.00  1.17
Mrs. Sonal Vira Sitting Fees  0.50  -  0.45  -
Mr Velji Gogri Sitting Fees  -  -  0.20  -
Mr Mulesh Savla Sitting Fees  0.58  -  0.33  -
Mr Sandeep Gupta Sitting Fees  0.25  -  0.20  -
Mr Ashok Chheda Sitting Fees  0.38  -  0.10  -
Mr Akshay Gangurde Salary  10.33  -  -  -
Ms Prajakta Patil Salary  3.84  -  13.66  2.06
(H In Lakhs.)
Name of related party Nature of transaction
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
 Transaction 
value
 Outstanding 
amount
The Trustee Valiant 
Laboratories Limited 
Employee Group Gratuity 
Fund
Contribution to the Gratuity Funds  2.61  -  2.39  -
 Details of transactions with and balances outstanding of Entities Controlled/Significantly influenced by Directors/ Close 
Family Members of Directors:
36 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values
Disclosure pursuant to Ind AS 107 “Financial Instruments: Disclosures”
Category-wise classification for applicable financial assets:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
As at 31st March' 2026 As at 31st March' 2025
 Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value  Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Financial Assets
Financial assets measured at 
cost
Investment in Subsidiaries Non-
Current
 -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost
Security Deposits Non-
Current
 240.55  N.A  N.A  N.A  357.16  N.A  N.A  N.A
Prepaid Expenses Non-
Current
 3.00  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
181
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 409 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
36 Financial Instruments - Accounting Classification and Fair values (Contd..)
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
Current/ 
Non- 
Current
As at 31st March' 2026 As at 31st March' 2025
 Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value  Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Trade Receivables Current  9,356.48  N.A  N.A  N.A  7,212.19  N.A  N.A  N.A
Cash on hand Current  3.22  N.A  N.A  N.A  8.65  N.A  N.A  N.A
Balance with Banks Current  349.60  N.A  N.A  N.A  483.00  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Fixed Deposits Current  352.74  N.A  N.A  N.A  7,107.49  N.A  N.A  N.A
Loans to employees Current  4.19  N.A  N.A  N.A  6.16  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Receivables Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
 10,309.78  -  -  -  15,174.66  -  -  -
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(FVTOCI)
Investments in Mutual Fund Current  2,609.40 2,609.40  -  -  -  -  -  -
 2,609.40 2,609.40  -  -  -  -  -  -
Total Financial Assets  12,919.18 2,609.40  -  -  15,174.66  -  -  -
Financial Liabilities
Financial liabilities measured 
at amortised cost
Unsecured Loans Non-
Current
 2,809.29  N.A  N.A  N.A  10,434.89  N.A  N.A  N.A
Long-term maturities of lease 
obligations
Non-
Current
 79.78  N.A  N.A  N.A  25.13  N.A  N.A  N.A
Security Deposits Non-
Current
 96.14  N.A  N.A  N.A  96.14  N.A  N.A  N.A
Short term borrowings - 
Working capital loans from 
Banks
Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Trade Payables  -  -
- Due to Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises
Current  293.42  N.A  N.A  N.A  378.58  N.A  N.A  N.A
- Due to Others Current  9,109.06  N.A  N.A  N.A  3,693.02  N.A  N.A  N.A
Creditors for Capital Goods Current  -  N.A  N.A  N.A  -  N.A  N.A  N.A
Current maturities of finance 
lease obligations
Current  46.55  N.A  N.A  N.A  23.10  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Financials Liabilities Current  225.58  N.A  N.A  N.A  135.26  N.A  N.A  N.A
Other Current Liabilities Current  552.58  N.A  N.A  N.A  26.06  N.A  N.A  N.A
Total Financial Liabilities  13,212.40  -  -  -  14,812.17  -  -  -
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 : Hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using quoted prices. This includes listed equity instruments and mutual 
funds that have quoted price. The mutual funds are valued using the closing NAV.
Level 2 : The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation techniques which 
maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required 
to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.
Level 3 : If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3. This is the 
case for unlisted equity securities etc. included in level 3.
This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial instruments that are (a) 
recognised and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are disclosed in the financial 
statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the group has classified its 
financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standard. An explanation of each level followed is given in 
the table above.
Annual Report 2025-26
182


===== PAGE 410 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
37 Financial risk management objectives and policies
The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s Risk Management 
framework. The Board has established the Risk Management Committee, which is responsible for developing and monitoring the 
Company’s Risk Management policies. The Committee reports regularly to the Board of Directors on its activities.
The Company's financial assets comprise mainly of investments, cash and cash equivalents, other balances with banks, trade receivables 
and other receivables and financial liabilities comprise mainly of borrowings, trade payables and other payables
The Company’s activities expose it to market risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. The Company’s overall risk management focuses on the 
unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the financial performance of the Company. The 
Company uses derivative financial instruments, such as cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps to hedge foreign currency risk 
and interest rate risk exposure . Derivatives are used exclusively for hedging purposes and not as trading or speculative instruments.
A. Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market 
prices. Market risk comprises three types of risks: interest rate risk and currency risk. Financial instruments affected by market 
risk include borrowings, investments, trade payables, trade receivables
 (i) Interest rate risk
  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of the financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes 
in market interest rates.
 (ii) Foreign currency risk
  Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because of changes in 
foreign exchange rates. The Company transacts in several currencies and consequently the Company is exposed to foreign 
exchange risk through its sales outside India and purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The 
exchange rate between the Indian rupee and foreign currencies has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate 
substantially in the future. Consequently, the results of the Company’s operations are affected as the rupee appreciates 
/ depreciates against these currencies. Foreign currency exchange rate exposure is partly balanced by purchase of raw 
materials and services in the respective currencies.
  As at the end of the reporting period, the carrying amounts of the material foreign currency denominated monetary assets 
and liabilities are as follows:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
As at March 2026 As at March 2025
Amount in 
foreign currency
Amount in 
Rupees- INR
Amount in 
foreign currency
Amount in 
Rupees- INR
Liabilities
United States Dollar (USD)  19.14  1,803.59  16.25  1,418.36
 19.14  1,803.59  -  1,418.36
Assets
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  0.03  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  0.16  14.99  0.09  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  3.59  332.07  -  -
 -  347.06  -  (11.17)
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (total)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.16)  (14.99)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  15.55  1,471.52  16.25  1,418.36
Foreign exchange derivatives
USD (Hedged) - Currency swaps against 
foreign currency borrowings
 -  -  -  -
Net foreign currency denominated monetory 
liability/(asset) (unhedged)
Swiss Franc (CHF)  -  -  (0.03)  (2.43)
Euro (EURO)  (0.16)  (14.99)  (0.09)  (8.74)
United States Dollar (USD)  15.55  1,471.52  16.25  1,418.36
183
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 411 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
37 Financial risk management objectives and policies (Contd..)
B. Credit risk
 Credit risk is the risk that counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, leading to 
a financial loss. The Company is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities, primarily for trade receivables and deposits 
with banks and other financial assets. The Company ensures that sales of products are made to customers with appropriate 
creditworthiness. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored by the management. An impairment analysis is 
performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major customers. Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited 
as the Company generally invest in deposits with banks.
 Refer footnotes (d) below note no. 8 for ageing of trade receivables and movement in credit loss allowance.
C. Liquidity Risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may not be able to meet its financial obligations without incurring unacceptable losses. 
The objective of liquidity risk management is to maintain sufficient liquidity and ensure that funds are available for use as per 
requirements. The Company has obtained fund and non-fund based working capital lines from various banks. Furthermore, the 
Company have access to undrawn lines of committed borrowing/facilities. The Company invests its surplus funds in bank fixed 
deposits and in mutual funds, which carry no or low market risk. The company consistently generates sufficient cash flows from 
operations or from cash and cash equivalents to meet its financial obligations including lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
 (i) Financing arrangements
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Secured borrowing facilities
- Amount unused 1,626.00  1,700.00
Total  -  1,700.00
 (ii) Maturity profile of financial liabilities
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars
March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Less than 
1 year
Between 
1 to 5 years Over 5 years Less than 
1 year
Between 
1 to 5 years Over 5 years
As on 31st March, 2026
Borrowings  1,685.57  2,809.29  -  4,654.16  7,466.30  -
Lease Liabilities  46.55  79.78  -  23.10  25.13  -
Trade Payables  8,867.92  534.56  -  4,062.26  9.34  -
Other Financial Liabilities  225.58  -  -  135.26  -  -
 10,825.62  3,423.63  -  8,874.77  7,500.78  -
D. Capital Management
 For the purpose of the Company’s capital management, capital includes issued equity capital, and all other equity reserves 
attributable to the equity shareholders. The primary objective of the Company’s capital management is to maximise the shareholder 
value, safeguard business continuity and support the growth of the Company. The Company manages its capital structure and 
makes suitable adjustments in light of changes in economic conditions.
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars March 31, 2026 March 31, 2025
Borrowings - Current and Non-Current  4,494.87  12,120.46
Long-term maturities of Lease obligations  79.78  25.13
Current maturities of Lease obligations  46.55  23.10
Less: cash and cash equivalent  (352.81)  (491.65)
Less: other balances with banks  (352.74)  (7,107.49)
Less: current investments  (2,609.40)  -
Net Debts  1,306.23  4,569.55
Total Equity  31,088.51  23,431.01
% Net debt to equity ratio 4.20% 19.50%
Annual Report 2025-26
184


===== PAGE 412 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
39
(A) Value and percentage of Raw Materials and Stores and Spares consumed:
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Raw Materials
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 60.86% 66.13%
Amount (H in lakhs)  11,560.41  7,382.86
Imported
Percenatge (%) 39.14% 33.87%
Amount (H in lakhs)  7,434.62  3,781.51
Total Raw Material Consumed  18,995.03  11,164.37
Stores & Spares
Indigenous
Percenatge (%) 147.37% 100.00%
Amount (H in lakhs)  84.91  34.22
Imported
Percenatge (%)  -  -
Amount (H in lakhs)
Total Stores & Spares Consumed  57.62  34.22
(B) C.I.F Value of Import
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Raw Material  7,467.46  3,801.23
Capital Goods  14.99  -
(C) Expenditure in Foreign Currency
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
Foreign Business Expense  7.21  -
Bank Charges  -  -
Commission Expense  -  -
Others  -  -
(D) Earnings in Foreign Currency
(H In Lakhs.)
Particulars For the year ended 
March 31, 2026
For the year ended 
March 31, 2025
F.O.B Value of Export  409.75  64.12
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013
(a) The Company does not have any benami property held in its name. No proceedings have been initiated on or are pending 
against the Company for holding benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and Rules 
made thereunder.
(b) The Company does not have any transactions or relationships with any companies struck off under Section 248 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 or Section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956.
(c) The Company has complied with the requirement with respect to number of layers as prescribed under section 2(87) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of layers) Rules, 2017.
(d) Utilisation of borrowed funds and share premium:
185
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 413 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
40 Additional regulatory information required by schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 (Contd..)
 (i) The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
  - Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
 (ii) The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with 
the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
  - directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  - provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the ultimate beneficiaries.
(e) There is no income surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such 
as search or survey), that has not been recorded in the books of account.
(f) The Company has not traded or invested in crypto currency or virtual currency during the year.
40 Ratio Analysis
Sr. 
No. Ratio Numerator Denominator
As at 
31st March 
2026
As at 
31st March 
2025
% Change Reason for variance
1 Current ratio Current Assets Current Liabilities  1.91  3.23 (40.84%) Increase in 
inventory & 
Advance to 
Supllier has led to 
variance in ratio
2 Net Debt Equity 
ratio
Net debt = Non-current 
borrowings + Current 
borrowings + Non-
current and current 
lease liabilities - Current 
investments - Cash and 
cash equivalents - Other 
balances with banks 
(including non-current 
earmarked balances)
Average Equity 
[Equity = Equity share 
capital + Other equity]
 0.05  0.19 (75.30%) Repayment of 
borrowings during 
the year
3 Debt Service 
Coverage ratio
Earnings for debt 
service =Profit before 
tax + depreciation and 
amortisation expense + 
finance costs]
Debt service = Finance 
costs + scheduled 
principal repayments 
(excluding 
prepayments) during 
the year for non-
current borrowings 
(including current 
maturities) and lease 
liabilities
 (0.12)  0.02 (807.73%) Repayment of 
borrowings during 
the year
4 Return on Equity 
ratio
Profit after tax Average total equity 
[Equity = Equity share 
capital + Other equity]
(1.20%) (0.93%) 28.31% Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
Annual Report 2025-26
186


===== PAGE 414 =====
Notes Forming Part of Financial Statement
as at March 31, 2026
40 Ratio Analysis (Contd..)
Sr. 
No. Ratio Numerator Denominator
As at 
31st March 
2026
As at 
31st March 
2025
% Change Reason for variance
5 Inventory 
Turnover ratio
Cost of goods sold Average Inventory  7.98  16.65 (52.08%) Increase in 
inventory has led 
to variance in ratio
6 Trade Receivable 
Turnover ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Average Trade 
Receivable
 2.87  2.26 26.63% Increase in 
revenue during the 
year
7 Trade Payable 
Turnover ratio
Adjusted Expenses 
[Adjusted Expenses = 
Total Expenses - Finance 
Cost - Depreciation 
and Amortisation 
Expense – Employee 
Benefit Expenses – 
Other expenses with 
respect to Rates & Taxes, 
Provision for Doubtful 
Debts, Provision for 
Impairment and Foreign 
Exchange Gain/Loss]
Average Trade 
Payables
 3.32  3.89 (14.74%)
8 Net Capital 
Turnover ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Average Working 
capital = Current 
assets – Current 
liabilities
196.35% 80.97% 142.51% Increase in 
revenue during the 
year
9 Net Profit ratio Profit after tax Revenue from 
operations
(1.38%) (1.65%) (16.61%)
10 Return on 
Capital 
Employed
Earnings before interest 
and tax
Average Capital 
Employed (Capital 
Employed = Total 
Assets -Total Current 
& Non Current 
Liabilities+Deferred 
tax)
2.77% 0.32% 763.59% Increase in Profit 
has led to variance 
in ratio
187
Corporate Overview Statutory Reports Financial Statements

===== PAGE 415 =====
Notice is hereby given that the 5th (Fifth) Annual General Meeting 
of the Members of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“VLL”) will be 
held on Monday, the 28 th day of September, 2026, at 11:30 A.M., 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio Visual Means 
(“OAVM”), to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
Item No. 1
To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone and 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026, together with the Reports of the Board of 
Directors and the Auditors thereon.
Item No. 2
To appoint a director in place of Mr. Sandeep Gupta (DIN: 
09245060), Non-Executive Director, who retires by rotation and, 
being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
Item No. 3
Ratification of remuneration to the Cost Auditors for the 
Financial Year 2026-27.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, (including any statutory amendment(s), modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the 
remuneration payable to M/s. Ketki D. Visariya & Co., Cost 
Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 000362), appointed by 
the Board of Directors of the Company on the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee, as Cost Auditors of the Company to 
conduct audit of the cost records and related books maintained by 
the Company in respect of Drugs and Pharmaceuticals business 
for the financial year 2026-27, amounting to Rs. 45,000/- (Rupees 
Forty-Five Thousand Only) per annum, plus applicable taxes and 
reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses as may be incurred by 
them during the course of the audit, be and is hereby ratified and 
approved by the members of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) or any Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company be and is hereby severally 
authorised to do all acts and deeds and take all such steps as may 
be necessary, proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
Item No. 4
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) with Valiant 
Organics Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, the approval of the members of the Company be and 
is hereby accorded to the Company to enter into contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual 
transaction or transactions taken together or series of transactions 
or otherwise) with Valiant Organics Limited, being the related 
party of the Company in relation to the sale, purchase, transfer, 
lease, disposal or acquisition of goods, materials, services, capital 
assets, infrastructure, development rights or any other resources 
and obligations, including rendering, availing or receipt of 
services, commission and other commercial arrangements, for 
an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 466 Crore (Rupees Four 
Hundred and Sixty-Six Crore Only) from the conclusion of 5 th 
Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company, at arm’s length basis in the 
ordinary course of business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 5
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) with Aarti 
Pharmalabs Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
NOTICE OF THE 5TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
Annual Report 2025-26
188


===== PAGE 416 =====
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, the approval of the members of the Company be and 
is hereby accorded to the Company to enter into contract(s)/ 
arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way of an individual 
transaction or transactions taken together or series of transactions 
or otherwise) with Aarti Pharmalabs Limited, being the related 
party of the Company in relation to the sale, purchase, transfer, 
disposal or acquisition of goods, materials, services, capital 
assets, infrastructure, development rights or any other resources 
and obligations, including rendering and availing of services, 
reimbursement of expenses and other commercial arrangements, 
for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 45 Crore (Rupees 
Forty-Five Crore Only) from the conclusion of 5th Annual General 
Meeting until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual General Meeting 
of the Company, at arm’s length basis in the ordinary course of 
business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 6
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited and Valiant 
Organics Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation of 
the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, 
the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to enter 
into contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way 
of an individual transaction or transactions taken together or 
series of transactions or otherwise) with Valiant Organics Limited, 
being the related party of the Company in relation to the sale, 
purchase, transfer, disposal or acquisition of goods, materials, 
services, capital assets, infrastructure, development rights or any 
other resources and obligations, including rendering and availing 
of services, reimbursement of expenses and other commercial 
arrangements, for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs. 117 
Crore (Rupees One Hundred and Seventeen Crore Only) from the 
conclusion of 5th Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of 
the 6th Annual General Meeting of the Company, at arm’s length 
basis in the ordinary course of business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 7
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited and Aarti 
Pharmalabs Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation 
of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, the approval of the members of the Company be 
and is hereby accorded to Valiant Advanced Sciences Private 
Limited to enter into contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) 
(whether by way of an individual transaction or transactions 
taken together or series of transactions or otherwise) with Aarti 
Pharmalabs Limited, being the related party of the Company in 
relation to the sale, purchase, transfer, disposal or acquisition 
of goods, materials, services, capital assets, infrastructure, 
development rights or any other resources and obligations, 
including rendering and availing of services, reimbursement of 
expenses and other commercial arrangements, for an aggregate 
amount not exceeding Rs. 187 Crore (Rupees One Hundred and 
Eighty-Seven Crore Only) from the conclusion of 5 th Annual 
General Meeting until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company, at arm’s length basis in the ordinary 
course of business of the Company.
189
Notice

===== PAGE 417 =====
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 8
Approval of Material Related Party Transaction(s) between 
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited and Alchemie 
Speciality Chemicals Private Limited.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or 
without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zb) & (zc), 
Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII and such other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) read 
with Section 2(76) and 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and relevant rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
amendment(s), modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and pursuant to the ‘Policy on Material 
Related Party Transaction(s) and dealing with Related Party 
Transaction(s)’ of the Company, and as per the recommendation of 
the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, 
the approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to enter 
into contract(s)/ arrangement(s)/ transaction(s) (whether by way 
of an individual transaction or transactions taken together or series 
of transactions or otherwise) with Alchemie Speciality Chemicals 
Private Limited, being the related party of the Company in relation 
to the sale, purchase, transfer, disposal or acquisition of goods, 
materials, services, capital assets, infrastructure, development 
rights or any other resources and obligations, including rendering 
and availing of services, reimbursement of expenses and other 
commercial arrangements, for an aggregate amount not exceeding 
Rs. 59 Crore (Rupees Fifty-Nine Crore Only) from the conclusion 
of 5 th Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the 6 th 
Annual General Meeting of the Company, at arm’s length basis in 
the ordinary course of business of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company be and are hereby severally authorised 
to finalise, settle and execute such documents / deeds / writings 
/ papers / agreements / undertakings, etc. as may be required, 
and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things, as they may in 
their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable and 
to take all such decisions and exercise powers herein conferred, 
without being required to seek any further approval of the 
members, and the members shall be deemed to have given their 
approval thereto expressly by the authority of this resolution for 
the aforementioned sum.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT all actions taken by the Board, 
Audit Committee or any person so authorized, in connection 
with any matter referred to or contemplated in any of the 
foregoing resolutions, be and are hereby approved, ratified and 
confirmed in all respects.”
Item No. 9
Re-appointment of Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 07633923) as 
Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5 years and 
to fix his remuneration.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 
196, 197, 198, 203 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with Schedule V thereto and 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, and applicable provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including any statutory 
modification(s), amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being in force, applicable clauses of the Articles of 
Association of the Company, and based on the recommendations 
of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Audit 
Committee and the approval of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, consent of the Members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded for the re-appointment of Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 
07633923) as the Managing Director of the Company for a period 
of five (5) years with effect from February 06, 2027 to February 
05, 2032 (both days inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation, 
and to approve his remuneration for a period of three (3) years 
commencing from February 06, 2027 to February 05, 2030 (both 
days inclusive), upon such terms and conditions of appointment 
including the payment of remuneration, perquisites and other 
benefits as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the 
Notice convening this Annual General Meeting, with authority 
to the Board of Directors (including its Committees thereof) 
to revise the terms and conditions of the said appointment 
and remuneration from time to time to the extent the Board of 
Directors may deem appropriate provided that the remuneration 
payable (including the salary, perquisites, other benefits, etc.) 
does not exceed the limits laid down in Section 197, Schedule V 
and computed in the manner laid down in Section 198 of the Act, 
including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or 
inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the tenure 
of appointment, the remuneration shall be paid to Mr. Santosh 
Vora in accordance with the provisions and limits specified 
under Schedule V of the Act or any statutory modification(s) or 
re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Santosh Vora shall not be 
entitled to any sitting fees for attending the meetings of the Board 
of Directors of the Company and/ or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) and/or any 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
Annual Report 2025-26
190


===== PAGE 418 =====
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient 
to give effect to this Resolution.”
Item No. 10
Re-appointment of Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 09505883) as an 
Independent Director for the second term of five consecutive years.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 
150 and 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, read with 
Schedule IV to the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 (including 
any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time 
being in force) and Regulation 17 and other applicable provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing 
Regulations’), as amended from time to time, Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 
09505883), who was appointed as an Independent Director of the 
Company for a term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from 
February 16, 2022 to February 15, 2027 (both dates inclusive) and 
who, being eligible for re-appointment as an Independent Director, 
has given her consent along with a declaration that she meets the 
criteria of independence under Section 149(6) of the Act and the 
Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and based on the recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors of the 
Company, be and is hereby re-appointed as an Independent Director 
of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, to hold office for 
a second term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from 
February 16, 2027 up to February 15, 2032 (both dates inclusive).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) and/or any 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient 
to give effect to this Resolution.”
Item No. 11
Revision in remuneration of Mr. Paresh Shah (DIN: 08291953) 
Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s) the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with Schedule V thereto and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in accordance 
with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, and based on 
the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and the Audit Committee and the approval of the 
Board of Directors, consent of the members of the Company be 
and is hereby accorded for revision in the remuneration payable 
to Mr. Paresh Shah (DIN: 08291953), Whole-Time Director of the 
Company, with effect from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2029 (both 
days inclusive) upon the terms and conditions of remuneration, 
perquisites and other benefits as set out in the Explanatory 
Statement annexed to the Notice convening this Annual General 
Meeting, with authority to the Board of Directors (including its 
Committees thereof) to revise the terms and conditions of the 
said remuneration from time to time to the extent the Board of 
Directors may deem appropriate provided that the remuneration 
payable (including the salary, perquisites, other benefits, etc.) 
does not exceed the limits laid down in Section 197, Schedule V 
and computed in the manner laid down in Section 198 of the Act, 
including any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or 
inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the aforesaid 
period, the remuneration shall be paid to Mr. Paresh Shah as 
minimum remuneration in accordance with the provisions and 
limits specified under Schedule V of the Act or any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Mr. Paresh Shah shall not be 
entitled to any sitting fees for attending meetings of the Board of 
Directors of the Company and/or its Committees thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
as may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give 
effect to this resolution.”
Item No. 12
Continuation of Directorship of Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 
07633852) as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the 
Company, upon attaining 75 years of age.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, including 
any statutory modification(s), amendment(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, and based on 
the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, consent 
of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the 
continuation of directorship of Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852) 
who would be attaining the age of seventy-five (75) years on 
November 05, 2027, as a Non-Executive Non-Independent 
Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation, with effect 
from November 05, 2027.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) and/or any 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient 
to give effect to this Resolution.”
Item No. 13
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mr. 
Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852), Non-Executive Director of the 
Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 
191
Notice

===== PAGE 419 =====
2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules made thereunder 
(including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof 
for the time being in force), and in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, approval of the members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded for payment of remuneration 
by way of commission to Mr. Shantilal Vora, Non-Executive Director 
of the Company, for the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 
2027 at the rate of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the 
Company (calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mr. Shantilal Vora 
for attending the meetings of the Board and/or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by way 
of commission shall be paid to Mr. Shantilal Vora in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 14
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mr. 
Sandeep Gupta (DIN: 09245060), Non-Executive Director of the 
Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for payment of remuneration by way of commission 
to Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Non-Executive Director of the Company, 
for the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027 at the rate 
of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mr. Sandeep 
Gupta for attending the meetings of the Board and/or 
its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by way 
of commission shall be paid to Mr. Sandeep Gupta in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 15
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mr. Mulesh 
Savla (DIN: 07474847), Independent Director of the Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for payment of remuneration by way of commission 
to Mr. Mulesh Savla, Independent Director of the Company, for 
the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027 at the rate 
of 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mr. Mulesh Savla 
for attending the meetings of the Board and/or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by way 
of commission shall be paid to Mr. Mulesh Savla in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 16
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mrs. Sonal 
Vira (DIN: 09505883), Independent Director of the Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for payment of remuneration by way of commission 
to Mrs. Sonal Vira, Independent Director of the Company, for 
the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027 at the rate 
of 0.25% of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mrs. Sonal Vira 
for attending the meetings of the Board and/or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by 
Annual Report 2025-26
192


===== PAGE 420 =====
way of commission shall be paid to Mrs. Sonal Vira in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 17
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to Mr. 
Ashok Chheda (DIN: 10776571), Independent Director of the 
Company.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
"RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 197, 
198 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’) read with Schedule V and the rules 
made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
approval of the members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded for payment of remuneration by way of commission to 
Mr. Ashok Chheda, Independent Director of the Company, for 
the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027 at the rate 
of 0.25% of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company 
(calculated as per Section 198 of the Companies Act, 2013). 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the above commission shall be 
payable in addition to the sitting fees payable to Mr. Ashok Chheda 
for attending the meetings of the Board and/or its Committees.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of inadequacy of 
profits in the above financial year, the above remuneration by way 
of commission shall be paid to Mr. Ashok Chheda in accordance 
with the provisions and limits specified under Schedule V of the 
Act or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and the 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be considered necessary, proper or expedient to give effect 
to this resolution.”
Item No. 18
Shifting of the Registered Office of the Company outside the 
jurisdiction of the existing Registrar of Companies (ROC) 
within the State of Maharashtra.
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without 
modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 12, 13 and 
other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with the Companies (Incorporation) Rules, 2014 and other applicable 
statutory provisions, including any statutory modification(s), 
amendment(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force, 
and subject to the approval of the Central Government (power 
delegated to the Regional Director) and such other approvals, 
permissions and sanctions as may be necessary, and as approved 
by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on August 10, 2026, 
consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
for shifting the Registered Office of the Company from 104, Udyog 
Kshetra, Mulund (West), Mumbai – 400080, Maharashtra (under the 
jurisdiction of Registrar of Companies, Mumbai / ROC Mumbai-I) 
to Plot No. L-13, L-28, L-28(Pt), L-29 & L-30, Tarapur MIDC, Boisar, 
District – Palghar, Maharashtra – 401506 (under the jurisdiction of 
Registrar of Companies, Navi Mumbai / ROC Mumbai-II).
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Clause II of the Memorandum 
of Association of the Company be and is hereby altered and 
substituted with the following:
“The Registered Office of the Company shall be situated in the 
State of Maharashtra, i.e. within the jurisdiction of the Registrar 
of Companies, Mumbai-II.”
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the 
Company (including any Committee thereof) and/or any 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company be and are hereby 
severally authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
and take all such steps as may be necessary, proper or expedient 
to give effect to this Resolution.”
Place: Mumbai By Order of the Board
Date: August 10, 2026 For Valiant Laboratories Limited
Registered Office:
104, Udyog Kshetra,
Mulund Goregaon Link Road 
Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080 Sd/-
CIN: L24299MH2021PLC365904 Akshay Gangurde
Email: complianceofficer@valiantlabs.in Company Secretary
Website: www.valiantlabs.in Membership No.: A70561
193
Notice

===== PAGE 421 =====
NOTES:
1. An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’), in respect of the Special Business 
under Item Nos. 3 to 18 set out above is annexed hereto as 
‘Annexure I’; and the relevant details of the Directors under 
Item No. 2, 9, 10 & 12 as required under Regulation 36 of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended (‘Listing Regulations’) and 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (‘SS-2’) issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and notified 
by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Govt. of India in respect 
of the Directors seeking re-appointment / appointment 
at this 5 th Annual General Meeting is annexed hereto as 
‘Annexure VII’.
2. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’), vide its General 
Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, General Circular 
No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, General Circular No. 
20/2020 dated May 5, 2020, read with all the subsequent 
circulars issued in this regard, the latest being General 
Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 (‘MCA 
Circulars’) and the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (‘SEBI’) vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-
PoD-2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated October 3, 2024 and other 
applicable circulars (‘SEBI Circulars’), read with Regulation 
36 of the Listing Regulations, have allowed the Companies 
to conduct the AGM through Video Conferencing (‘VC’) or 
through Other Audio Visual Means (‘OAVM’), which does 
not require physical presence of Members at a common 
venue. The deemed venue for the 5 th AGM shall be the 
registered office of the Company at 104, Udyog Kshetra, 
Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund West, Mumbai- 
400080. Accordingly, the AGM of the Company is being 
held through VC/OAVM, and the transcript of the same 
shall be made available on the website of the Company. 
Hence, Members can attend and participate in the AGM 
through VC/OAVM only. National Securities Depositories 
Limited (‘NSDL’) will be providing facility for voting 
through remote e-voting, for participation in the AGM 
through VC/ OAVM facility and e-voting during the AGM. 
The detailed procedure for participating in the Meeting 
through VC/ OAVM forms part of these Notes sections. 
(Refer Serial No. 16 to 20 of these Notes).
3. As the AGM shall be conducted through VC/OAVM, where 
physical attendance of Members has been dispensed with, 
there is no requirement of proxies and hence, the facility 
to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote on behalf of the 
Members is not available for this AGM and the Proxy Form 
and Attendance Slip including Route Map are not annexed 
to this Notice. However, Bodies Corporate are entitled to 
appoint authorised representatives to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM and participate thereat and cast their 
votes through e-Voting. Corporate Member(s) intending to 
authorise their representatives to participate and vote at 
the meeting are requested to send a certified copy of the 
Board resolution/ authorisation letter to the Scrutinizer 
by sending an e-mail to jpc@mehta-mehta.in with a copy 
marked to evoting@nsdl.com.
4. In case of joint holders, the Member whose name appears as 
the first holder in the order of names as per the Register of 
Members of the Company will be entitled to vote.
5. To prevent fraudulent transactions, Members are advised 
to exercise due diligence and notify the Company of any 
change in address or demise of any Member as soon as 
possible. Members are also advised not to leave their 
demat account(s) dormant for long. Periodic statement 
of holdings should be obtained from the concerned 
Depository Participant and holdings should be verified 
from time to time.
6. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, 
pertaining to their name, postal address, email address, 
telephone/mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number 
(‘PAN’), mandates, nominations, power of attorney, bank 
details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank 
account number, MICR code, IFSC code, etc. by following 
the below instructions:
 a. For shares held in electronic form: to their Depository 
Participants (‘DPs’); and 
 b. For shares held in physical form:  submit Form ISR-1 
and other forms as prescribed by SEBI Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/ MIRSD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/37 
dated 16 th March, 2023 to the Company by sending 
an email to the Company’s RTA at rnt.helpdesk@
in.mpms.mufg.com , with a copy marked to investor@
valiantlabs.in. 
7. Members may please note that SEBI vide its Circular No. 
SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 
dated 25 th January, 2022 has mandated the Listed 
Companies to issue securities in dematerialized form only 
while processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate 
securities certificate; claim from unclaimed suspense 
account; renewal/exchange of securities certificate; 
endorsement; sub-division/splitting of securities certificate; 
consolidation of securities certificates/folios; transmission 
and transposition. Accordingly, Members are requested 
to make service requests by submitting a duly filled and 
signed Form ISR – 4, the format of which is available on 
the Company’s website at https://www.valiantlabs.in/
downloads and on the website of the Company’s RTA, 
M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited at https://web.
in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html 
 It may be noted that any service request can be processed 
only after the folio is KYC Compliant.
8. Members are requested to send all communications relating 
to shares to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents of the 
Company at the following address: 
 MUFG Intime India Private Limited
 C 101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai 
– 400083.
Annual Report 2025-26
194


===== PAGE 422 =====
9. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the facility 
for making nomination is available for the Members in 
respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not 
yet registered their nomination are requested to register the 
same by submitting Form No. SH-13. If a Member desires to 
opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh 
nomination, he/she may submit the same in Form ISR-3 or 
SH-14 as the case may be. The said forms can be downloaded 
from the Company’s website at https://www.valiantlabs.
in/downloads or from the website of the Company’s RTA, 
M/s. MUFG Intime India Private Limited at https://web.
in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads.html. Members are 
requested to submit the said details to their DP in case the 
shares are held by them in dematerialized form and to RTA 
in case the shares are held in physical form.
10. To support the ‘Green Initiative’, Members who have not 
registered their e-mail addresses are requested to register 
their e-mail address for receiving all communication 
including Annual Report, Notices, Circulars, etc. from the 
Company electronically.
11. SEBI vide Circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/ 
CIR/2023/131 dated 31 st July, 2023 (updated as on 4 th 
August, 2023) has specified that a Member shall first take 
up his/her/their grievance with the listed entity by lodging 
a complaint directly with the concerned listed entity and 
if the grievance is not redressed satisfactorily, the Member 
may, in accordance with the SCORES guidelines, escalate 
the same through the SCORES Portal in accordance with the 
process laid out therein. Only after exhausting all available 
options for resolution of the grievance, if the member is not 
satisfied with the outcome, he/she/ they can initiate dispute 
resolution through the Online Dispute Resolution (“ODR”) 
Portal. Members are requested to take note of the same. 
PROCEDURE FOR INSPECTION OF DOCUMENTS: 
12. The Annual Report for the financial year 2025-2026, the 
Notice of the 5th AGM and all documents referred to in the 
Notice and the Explanatory Statement will be available for 
inspection on the ‘Investor’ segment on the website of the 
Company www.valiantlabs.in.
13. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 of 
the Act, Register of Contracts and Arrangements in which 
Directors are interested maintained under Section 189 of 
the Act, and the altered Memorandum of Association shall 
be made available at the commencement of the meeting 
and shall remain open and accessible to the Members 
during the continuance of the 5 th AGM. During the AGM, 
Members may access the scanned copy of these documents, 
upon Logging into NSDL e-Voting system at https://www.
evoting.nsdl.com/ or by sending an email to the Company 
at investor@valiantlabs.in.
ELECTRONIC DISPATCH OF ANNUAL REPORT AND 
PROCESS FOR REGISTRATION OF EMAIL ID FOR 
OBTAINING COPY OF ANNUAL REPORT: 
14. Pursuant to the MCA and SEBI Circulars, Notice of the 
AGM along with the Annual Report for financial year 
2025-26 is being sent only through electronic mode to 
those Members whose email addresses are registered with 
the Company/ Depositories. Additionally, in accordance 
with Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, the 
Company is also sending a letter to Members whose e-mail 
ids are not registered with Company/RTA/Depository 
Participant providing the weblink of Company’s website 
from where the Annual Report for financial year 2025-26 
can be accessed. 
15. Members may note that the Notice of the 5 th AGM and 
the Annual Report 2025-26 are also available on the 
Company’s website at www.valiantlabs.in , website of the 
Stock exchanges i.e. BSE Limited: www.bseindia.com and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited: www.nseindia.
com .The AGM Notice is also disseminated on the website 
of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.
PROCEDURE FOR JOINING THE AGM THROUGH VC 
/ OAVM: 
16. Members are requested to join the AGM through VC/ 
OAVM mode latest by 11:15 A.M. IST by clicking on the link 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ under Members login tab 
using the remote e-voting credentials and following the 
procedures mentioned later in these Notes. 
17. The facility of attending the AGM will be made available to 
1,000 Members on a first-come-first-served basis. This will 
not include large Members (Members holding 2% or more 
shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, 
Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit 
Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. 
who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on 
account of first come first served basis.
18. The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through 
VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning 
the quorum under Section 103 of the Act. 
19. Institutional Members are encouraged to attend and vote at 
the AGM through VC/OAVM. 
PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING 
DURING THE AGM: 
20. Pursuant to Section 108 of the Act, Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended 
and Regulation 44 of SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company 
is pleased to provide the facility to Members to exercise their 
right to vote on the resolutions proposed to be passed at AGM 
by electronic means. For this purpose, the Company has 
made an arrangement with National Securities Depository 
Limited (‘NSDL’) for facilitating voting through electronic 
means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting 
votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as 
e-voting during the AGM will be provided by NSDL.
21.  The Members, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members / list of Beneficial Owners as on Monday, 
September 21, 2026, being the cut-off date, are entitled to 
vote on the Resolutions set forth in this Notice. A person 
who is not a Member as on the cut-off date should treat this 
Notice of AGM for informational purpose only. 
195
Notice

===== PAGE 423 =====
22. Members may cast their votes on electronic voting system 
from any place (remote e-voting). The remote e-voting 
period will commence at 9.00 a.m. IST on Friday, 
September 25, 2026 and will end at 5.00 p.m. IST on 
Sunday, September 27, 2026. In addition, the facility for 
voting through electronic voting system shall also be made 
available during the AGM. Members holding shares in 
physical form are requested to access the remote e-voting 
facility provided by the Company through NSDL e-voting 
system at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON 
THE DAY OF THE AGM
23.  The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same 
as the instructions mentioned below for remote e-voting. 
24.  Only those members/ shareholders, who will be present in 
the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted 
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and 
are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to 
vote through e-Voting system in the AGM. 
25. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will 
be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not be 
eligible to vote at the AGM. 
26.  The details of the person who may be contacted for any 
grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the 
day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for 
remote e-Voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING 
THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM
27. Members will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM 
through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. 
Members may access by following the steps mentioned 
above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful 
login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” placed under 
“Join meeting” menu against company name. You are 
requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join 
Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in 
Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company 
will be displayed. Please note that the members who do 
not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have 
forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the same 
by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in 
the notice to avoid last minute rush.
28. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through 
Laptops for better experience.
29. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and 
use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting.
30. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile 
Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due 
to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
PROCEDURE TO RAISE QUESTIONS / SEEK 
CLARIFICATIONS WITH RESPECT TO ANNUAL REPORT 
31. Members who would like to express any views, or, during 
the AGM ask questions may do so in advance by sending in 
writing their views or questions, as may be, along with their 
name, DP ID and Client ID number/folio number, email ID, 
mobile number, to reach the Company’s email address at 
investor@valiantlabs.in latest by Monday, September 21, 
2026 by 05:00 P.M. IST.
32. Those members who have registered themselves as a 
speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask 
questions during the meeting. 
33.  When a pre-registered speaker is invited to speak at the 
meeting but he / she does not respond, the next speaker will 
be invited to speak. Accordingly, all speakers are requested 
to get connected to a device with a video/ camera along 
with good & stable internet speed. 
34. The Company reserves the right to restrict the number 
of questions/speakers, as appropriate for smooth 
conduct of the AGM.
PROCEDURE FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND E-VOTING 
35. The details of the process and manner for remote e-voting 
are explained herein below: 
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system 
consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting 
for Individual members holding securities in demat mode
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on 
e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed 
to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their 
demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
Annual Report 2025-26
196


===== PAGE 424 =====
 Login method for Individual members holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL.
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile 
number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.
com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on 
the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’  section , 
this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful 
authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click 
on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed 
to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://
eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://eservices.
nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the 
home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your 
User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP 
and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company 
name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website 
of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting 
& voting during the meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by 
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing 
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any 
further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your 
existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for 
eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining 
virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to 
access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on 
registration option.
197
Notice

===== PAGE 425 =====
Type of shareholders  Login Method
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account 
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. 
The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as 
recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system 
of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
depository participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be 
able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting 
website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting.
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password 
option available at abovementioned website. 
 Helpdesk for Individual Members holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through 
Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending 
a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
 2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
 3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as 
shown on the screen.
  Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/  with your 
existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can 
proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
 4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical  Your User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares 
in demat account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares 
in demat account with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is 
12**************
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001***
Annual Report 2025-26
198


===== PAGE 426 =====
 5. Password details for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders are given below: 
  a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then 
you can user your existing password to login and 
cast your vote.
  b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the 
first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial 
password’ which was communicated to you. 
Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you 
need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the 
system will force you to change your password.
  c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
   (i) If your email ID is registered in your demat 
account or with the company, your ‘initial 
password’ is communicated to you on your 
email ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email 
and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. 
Open the .pdf file. The password to open 
the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for 
NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for 
CDSL account or folio number for shares 
held in physical form. The .pdf file contains 
your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
   (ii) If your email ID is not registered, please 
follow steps mentioned below in process 
for those shareholders whose email ids are 
not registered. 
 6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the 
“Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
  a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If 
you are holding shares in your demat account 
with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.
evoting.nsdl.com. 
  b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are 
holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
  c) If you are still unable to get the password by 
aforesaid two options, you can send a request 
at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat 
account number/folio number, your PAN, your 
name and your registered address etc.
  d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time 
Password) based login for casting the votes on 
the e-Voting system of NSDL.
 7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms 
and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
 8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of 
e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General 
Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the 
companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and 
whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
2.  Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting 
your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual 
meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed 
under “Join Meeting”. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4.  Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent 
or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which 
you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” 
will be displayed.
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by 
clicking on the print option on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not 
be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for members 
1. Institutional members (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, 
NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG 
Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter 
etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized 
signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer 
by e-mail to jpc@mehta-mehta.in with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional members (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board 
Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by 
clicking on “Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” 
displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password 
with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will 
be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the 
correct password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical 
User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting. 
nsdl.com to reset the password. 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked 
Questions (FAQs) for Members and e-voting user manual 
for Members available at the download section of www.
evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com
Process for those members whose email ids are not 
registered with the depositories for procuring user id and 
password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice:
a) In case shares are held in physical mode please provide 
Folio No., Name of the member, scanned copy of the share 
certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned 
199
Notice

===== PAGE 427 =====
copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy 
of Aadhar Card) by email to investor@valiantlabs.in.
b) In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide 
DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account 
statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), 
AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to 
investor@valiantlabs.in If you are an Individual members 
holding securities in demat mode, you are requested 
to refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. 
Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for 
Individual members holding securities in demat mode. 
c) Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to 
evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for 
e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
d) In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting 
facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual members 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories 
and Depository Participants. Members are required to 
update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
OTHER NOTES:
1. Members are requested to: 
 a. intimate any change in their addresses/mandates 
and address all their queries relating to shares of the 
Company to the Registrar and Share Transfer Agents 
i.e. M/s MUFG Intime India Private Limited, for 
shares held in physical form.
 b. quote Client ID and DP ID in respect of shares held in 
dematerialized form and ledger folio number in respect 
of shares held in physical form in all the correspondence. 
 c. make nomination in respect of the shares held in 
physical form in the Company. The Nomination 
Form as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs can be obtained from the Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agents of the Company. Members holding 
shares in electronic form are requested to contact 
their Depository Participant directly for recording 
their nomination.
2. Non-Resident Indian Members are requested to inform 
the RTA: 
 a. the change in residential status on return to India for 
permanent settlement; and 
 b. the particulars of the bank account(s) maintained in 
India with complete name, branch, account type, 
account number and address of the bank, if not 
furnished earlier. 
3. Any person, who acquires shares of the Company and 
becomes a Member of the Company after dispatch of 
the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date, may 
obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.com.
4. M/s. Mehta and Mehta, Company Secretaries has been 
appointed as the Scrutinizer by the Board of Directors of 
the Company to scrutinize the e-voting process in a fair 
and transparent manner. CS Monali Bhandari, Partner of 
M/s Mehta & Mehta, Company Secretaries will represent 
M/s. Mehta & Mehta, Company Secretaries.
5. Members are requested to note that SEBI vide its circular 
dated May 30, 2022, have framed standard (SOP) for 
resolving investor grievances through arbitration 
mechanism. Link of the SEBI circular is a follows:
 https://www.sebi.gov.in/legal/circulars/may-2022/
standard-operating-procedures-sop-for-dispute-
resolution-under-the-stock-exchange-arbitration-
mechanism-for-disputes-between-a-listed-company-
and-or-registrars-to-an-issue-and-share-transfer-
agents-_59345.html 
Annual Report 2025-26
200


===== PAGE 428 =====
Item No. 3: Ratification of remuneration to the Cost 
Auditors for the Financial Year 2026-27.
Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) 
read with Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, the 
Company is required to have its cost records audited and, in this 
regard, to appoint a Cost Auditor to audit the cost records for the 
applicable products of the Company.
The Board at its meeting held on May 14, 2026, based on the 
recommendation of the Audit Committee, considered and 
approved the appointment of M/s. Ketki D. Visariya & Co., 
Cost Accountants (Firm Registration Number: 000362), as the 
Cost Auditors for the Financial Year 2026-27 at a remuneration 
of Rs. 45,000/- (Rupees Forty-Five Thousand Only) per annum, 
plus applicable taxes and reimbursement of out-of-pocket 
expenses as may be incurred by them during the course of the 
audit. Ms. Ketki D. Visariya has confirmed her eligibility for 
appointment as Cost Auditor.
As per Rule 14 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors shall require 
subsequent ratification by the members.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company, or their relatives, is concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the said resolution.
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set forth in 
Item No. 3 for approval of the members.
Item No. 4: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) with Valiant Organics Limited.
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity who has a consolidated turnover of 
up to H20,000 Crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”) is considered a related party 
of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“VLL”) as defined under 
Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations. VLL is an Active 
Pharmaceutical Ingredient / Bulk Drug (“API”) manufacturing 
company with a focus on the manufacture of Paracetamol. 
VOL is in the business of manufacturing and distribution of 
Speciality Chemical Products to its customers which includes VLL.
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions 
of VLL with VOL, which would be in the ordinary course of 
business and at arm’s length basis for which the necessary 
approvals are required in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions with VOL for 
an aggregate value up to Rs. 466 Crore (Rupees Four Hundred 
and Sixty-Six Crore Only) from the conclusion of the 5 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company until the conclusion of the 6 th 
Annual General Meeting of the Company, which exceeds the 
materiality threshold prescribed under the Listing Regulations. 
Details of the proposed transactions with VOL, being a related 
party of the Company, along with the minimum information 
as required under Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/93 dated June 
26, 2025 (Industry Standards on Minimum information to be 
provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval 
of Related Party Transactions) are given under Annexure-II 
which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-II. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 4 for approval of the members. 
Annexure-I
Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013
201
Notice

===== PAGE 429 =====
Item No. 5: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) with Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity, in the case of a listed entity having 
an annual consolidated turnover of up to H20,000 crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (“APL”) is considered a related party of 
Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL) as defined under Regulation 
2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations. Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(“VLL”) is an Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient / Bulk Drug 
(“API”) manufacturing company with a focus on the manufacture 
of Paracetamol. 
APL is engaged in the development of Active Pharmaceutical 
Ingredients (API) and New Chemical Entities (NCE), API 
intermediates, Regulatory Starting Materials (RSM), Basic Starting 
Materials, Key Building Blocks, and Xanthine Derivatives for use 
in clinical testing and commercial production.
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions of VLL 
with APL, which would be in the ordinary course of business and at 
arm’s length basis for which the necessary approvals are required in 
compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) 
and the Listing Regulations. These approvals have been obtained 
from the Audit Committee at its meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions with APL 
for an aggregate value of up to Rs. 45 Crore (Rupees Forty-
Five Crore Only) from the conclusion of the 5 th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual 
General Meeting of the Company, which exceeds the materiality 
threshold prescribed under the Listing Regulations. 
Details of the proposed transactions with APL, being a related 
party of the Company, along with the minimum information 
as required under Listing Regulations read with SEBI Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/93 dated June 
26, 2025 (Industry Standards on Minimum information to be 
provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval 
of Related Party Transactions) are given under Annexure-III 
which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-III. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 5 for approval of the members.
Item No. 6: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) between Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited and Valiant Organics Limited.
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity, in the case of a listed entity having 
an annual consolidated turnover of up to H20,000 crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL). Also, 
VASPL is a related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Valiant Organics Limited (VOL) is also a related party of VLL 
as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations. 
Further, the transaction proposed to be entered into between the 
two companies will amount to a related party transaction, which 
shall have the same meaning as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zc) of the Listing Regulations.
Annual Report 2025-26
202


===== PAGE 430 =====
Pursuant to Regulation 23(2)(b) of the Listing Regulations, prior 
approval of the Audit Committee of the listed entity is required 
for a related party transaction exceeding H1 crore, where a 
subsidiary of the listed entity is a party but the listed entity is 
not a party, if the value of such transaction, whether entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds the lower of (i) 10% of the annual 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary as per its last audited 
financial statements, or (ii) the threshold for Material Related 
Party Transactions of the listed entity as specified in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations. 
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions 
of VASPL with VOL, which would be in the ordinary course 
of business and at arm’s length basis for which the necessary 
approvals are required in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions between 
VASPL and VOL for an aggregate value of up to Rs. 117 Crore 
(Rupees One Hundred and Seventeen Crore Only) during the 
period from the conclusion of the 5 th Annual General Meeting 
of the Company until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual General 
Meeting of the Company, which exceeds the materiality threshold 
prescribed under the Listing Regulations. 
Since the value of the proposed transactions exceeds the 
materiality threshold specified for the Company in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations, the proposed transactions constitute 
material related party transactions and, in terms of Regulation 
23(4) of the Listing Regulations, require the prior approval of the 
members of the Company, notwithstanding that the Company is 
not a party thereto.
Details of the proposed transactions between VASPL and VOL, 
both being the related parties of the Company, along with the 
minimum information as required under Listing Regulations 
read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/
CIR/2025/93 dated June 26, 2025 (Industry Standards on 
Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee 
and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions) are 
given under Annexure-IV which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-IV. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 6 for approval of the members.
Item No. 7: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) between Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited and Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity, in the case of a listed entity having 
an annual consolidated turnover of up to H20,000 crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL). Also, 
VASPL is a related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (APL) is also a related party of VLL 
as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the Listing Regulations. 
Further, the transaction proposed to be entered into between the 
two companies will amount to a related party transaction, which 
shall have the same meaning as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zc) of the Listing Regulations.
Pursuant to Regulation 23(2)(b) of the Listing Regulations, prior 
approval of the Audit Committee of the listed entity is required 
for a related party transaction exceeding H1 crore, where a 
subsidiary of the listed entity is a party but the listed entity is 
not a party, if the value of such transaction, whether entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds the lower of (i) 10% of the annual 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary as per its last audited 
financial statements, or (ii) the threshold for Material Related 
Party Transactions of the listed entity as specified in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations. 
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions 
of VASPL with APL, which would be in the ordinary course 
of business and at arm’s length basis for which the necessary 
approvals are required in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Listing Regulations. These 
203
Notice

===== PAGE 431 =====
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions between 
VASPL and APL for an aggregate value of up to Rs. 187 Crore 
(Rupees One Hundred and Eighty-Seven Crore Only) from the 
conclusion of the 5 th Annual General Meeting of the Company 
until the conclusion of the 6 th Annual General Meeting of the 
Company, which exceeds the materiality threshold prescribed 
under the Listing Regulations. 
Since the value of the proposed transactions exceeds the 
materiality threshold specified for the Company in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations, the proposed transactions constitute 
material related party transactions and, in terms of Regulation 
23(4) of the Listing Regulations, require the prior approval of the 
members of the Company, notwithstanding that the Company is 
not a party thereto.
Details of the proposed transactions between VASPL and APL, 
both being the related parties of the Company, along with the 
minimum information as required under Listing Regulations 
read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/
CIR/2025/93 dated June 26, 2025 (Industry Standards on 
Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee 
and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions) are 
given under Annexure-V which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-V. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 7 for approval of the members.
Item No. 8: Approval of Material Related Party 
Transaction(s) between Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited and Alchemie Speciality Chemicals 
Private Limited:
Pursuant to Regulation 23 read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), a transaction with a related party 
shall be considered material if the transaction(s) to be entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds 10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of the listed entity, in the case of a listed entity having 
an annual consolidated turnover of up to H20,000 crore.
Further, all Material Related Party Transactions require prior 
approval of the members through a resolution and no related 
party shall vote to approve such resolution irrespective of whether 
an entity is a party related to the particular transaction or not. 
As per the Listing Regulations, omnibus approval granted by 
the shareholders for Material Related Party Transactions at an 
Annual General Meeting of the Company shall be valid until 
the date of the next Annual General Meeting, provided that 
such next Annual General Meeting is held within the timelines 
prescribed under Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
rules, notifications or circulars issued thereunder.
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (VASPL) is a Wholly 
Owned Subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (VLL). Also, 
VASPL is a related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zb) of the Listing Regulations.
Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Limited (ASCPL) is also a 
related party of VLL as defined under Regulation 2(1) (zb) of the 
Listing Regulations. 
ASCPL is a manufacturer and dealer, which possess a diverse 
portfolio of fine chemicals, industrial and pure chemicals, dyes 
and pigments intermediates, and allied products.
 Further, the transaction proposed to be entered into between the 
two companies will amount to a related party transaction, which 
shall have the same meaning as defined under Regulation 2(1) 
(zc) of the Listing Regulations.
Pursuant to Regulation 23(2)(b) of the Listing Regulations, prior 
approval of the Audit Committee of the listed entity is required 
for a related party transaction exceeding H1 crore, where a 
subsidiary of the listed entity is a party but the listed entity is 
not a party, if the value of such transaction, whether entered 
into individually or taken together with previous transactions 
during a financial year, exceeds the lower of (i) 10% of the annual 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary as per its last audited 
financial statements, or (ii) the threshold for Material Related 
Party Transactions of the listed entity as specified in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations. 
As ascertained, there would be certain business transactions of 
VASPL with ASCPL, which would be in the ordinary course 
of business and at arm’s length basis for which the necessary 
approvals are required in compliance with the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations. These 
approvals have been obtained from the Audit Committee at its 
meeting held on August 10, 2026. 
The Audit Committee, after discussion and deliberation, has 
granted approval for entering into the transactions between 
VASPL and ASCPL for an aggregate value of up to Rs. 59 
Crore (Rupees Fifty-Nine Crore Only) from the conclusion 
of the 5 th Annual General Meeting of the Company until the 
conclusion of the 6 th Annual General Meeting of the Company, 
which exceeds the materiality threshold prescribed under the 
Listing Regulations. 
Annual Report 2025-26
204


===== PAGE 432 =====
Since the value of the proposed transactions exceeds the 
materiality threshold specified for the Company in Schedule XII 
of the Listing Regulations, the proposed transactions constitute 
material related party transactions and, in terms of Regulation 
23(4) of the Listing Regulations, require the prior approval of the 
members of the Company, notwithstanding that the Company is 
not a party thereto.
Details of the proposed transactions between VASPL and 
ASCPL, both being the related parties of the Company, along 
with the minimum information as required under Listing 
Regulations read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-
PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/93 dated June 26, 2025 (Industry Standards 
on Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee 
and Shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions) are 
given under Annexure-VI which forms a part of this notice.
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate of the Managing 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming that the proposed related party transactions are in the 
interest of the Company, placed before it in terms of para 3(1)(b) 
of the Industry Standards.
The Related Party Transactions placed for approval of the 
members shall also be reviewed/ monitored on quarterly basis 
by the Audit Committee of the Company and shall continue to be 
within the amounts approved by the members of the Company. 
Any subsequent material modifications in the proposed 
transactions, as defined by the Audit Committee as a part of the 
Company’s ‘Policy on Materiality of Related Party Transaction(s) 
and dealing with Related Party Transaction(s)’ shall be placed 
before the Members for approval. 
Details of the interested Directors/Key Managerial Personnel 
along with their relatives are mentioned under Annexure-VI. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set forth in 
Item No. 8 for approval of the members.
Item No. 9: Re-appointment of Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 
07633923) as Managing Director of the Company for a 
period of 5 years and to fix his remuneration:
Mr. Santosh Vora (DIN: 07633923) is presently serving as the 
Managing Director of the Company. He was appointed as 
Managing Director of the Company with effect from February 
06, 2022 for a period of five (5) years and his current term is due 
to expire on February 05, 2027.
Mr. Santosh Vora, being a Managing Director and Promoter, 
is actively involved in the day-to-day affairs of the Company. 
He looks after overall management of the company and plays 
a key role in the various growth initiatives of the company. 
He specializes in development of new products and getting 
new chemistries in the company. He also looks after process 
optimization. In addition to the technical acumen, he possesses 
a key understanding of financial and commercial aspects of 
pharma and chemical industry. He holds a bachelor’s degree 
in commerce with specialization in Financial Markets from 
University of Mumbai and has also completed the Post Graduate 
Programme in Management for Family Business from The Indian 
School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad. He has over eight (8) years 
of experience in the chemical and pharmaceutical industry.
Considering his experience, expertise, leadership capabilities 
and valuable contribution to the growth and operations of the 
Company, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
the Board of Directors, at their respective meetings held on 
August 10, 2026, recommended and approved, subject to the 
approval of the Members, the re-appointment of Mr. Santosh 
Vora as Managing Director of the Company for a further period 
of five (5) years with effect from February 06, 2027 to February 05, 
2032 (both days inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation.
The details of Mr. Santosh Vora, in pursuance of Regulation 36 
of the Listing Regulations and the information pursuant to the 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2), are given in 
Annexure VII to the Notice.
Further, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the 
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, at their respective 
meetings held on August 10, 2026, considered the revision of 
his remuneration structure in accordance with the provisions of 
Sections 197 and 198 read with Schedule V to the Act, and it was 
decided to revise his remuneration as “Managing Director” with 
effect from February 06, 2027 to February 05, 2030 (both days 
inclusive) as per the following terms and conditions: 
A. Period of Appointment as a Managing Director:
 February 06, 2027 to February 05, 2032;
B. Period for which remuneration is proposed to be paid:
 February 06, 2027 to February 05, 2030;
C. Remuneration:
 i. Fixed Salary: Rs. 32,00,000/- (Rupees Thirty-Two  
  Lakhs Only) per annum;
 ii. Commission: 0.5% of the annual consolidated net 
profits of the Company (calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013); and
 iii. Perquisites and Other Benefits: As per the policy 
of the Company (e.g. medical, leave travel, vehicle, 
insurance, provident fund, gratuity, etc.);
Minimum Remuneration under Schedule V:
In any financial year during the aforesaid period, if the Company 
has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company shall 
pay to Mr. Santosh Vora the aforesaid remuneration as minimum 
remuneration in accordance with Section II of Part II of Schedule 
V to the Companies Act, 2013, subject to such approvals, consents 
and compliances as may be required under the Companies Act, 
2013 and applicable laws from time to time. 
The information as required under Schedule V to the Act is 
provided in Annexure VIII to the Notice.
The Company has received a notice in writing pursuant to Section 
160 of the Act from a Member proposing the candidature of 
Mr. Santosh Vora for his re-appointment as a Managing Director.
205
Notice

===== PAGE 433 =====
The above may be treated as a written memorandum setting out 
the terms of re-appointment of Mr. Santosh Vora as Managing 
Director under Section 190 of the Act.
Mr. Santosh Vora satisfies all the conditions specified in Part I of 
Schedule V to the Act and the conditions specified under Section 
196(3) of the Act for his re-appointment as Managing Director. 
He is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in 
terms of Section 164 of the Act and has furnished all necessary 
declarations, confirmations and consent required under the 
applicable provisions of law. Further, Mr. Santosh Vora is not 
debarred from holding the office of Director by virtue of any 
order passed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India or 
any other authority.
Further, in terms of Regulation 17(6)(e) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
fees or compensation payable to an executive director who is a 
promoter or a member of the promoter group is subject to the 
approval of the Members by way of a special resolution where 
(i) the annual remuneration payable to such executive director 
exceeds H5 crore or 2.5% of the net profits of the Company, 
whichever is higher; or (ii) where there is more than one such 
director, the aggregate annual remuneration payable to all 
such directors exceeds 5% of the net profits of the Company. 
Mr. Santosh Vora is a Promoter of the Company and Mr. Paresh 
Shah, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer, is a 
member of the Promoter Group. Accordingly, the approval of the 
Members is being sought by way of a Special Resolution.
Except Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Shantilal Vora and their 
respective relatives, none of the other Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, is in 
any way, financially or otherwise, concerned or interested in this 
resolution, except to the extent of their respective shareholdings 
in the Company.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No. 9 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Item No. 10: Re-appointment of Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 
09505883) as an Independent Director for a second 
term of five (5) consecutive years:
Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 09505883) was appointed as an Independent 
Director of the Company by the Members for a period of five 
(5) consecutive years commencing from February 16, 2022 up 
to February 15, 2027 (both days inclusive) and is eligible for re-
appointment for a second term on the Board of the Company.
Mrs. Sonal Vira is currently an Independent Director of the 
Company and Member of various Committees of the Board. 
She has over 14 years of experience in corporate banking and 
financial services and possesses expertise in financial analysis, 
credit evaluation, relationship management and business 
development. Her professional experience and financial acumen 
provide valuable guidance to the Board and its Committees in 
discharging their responsibilities effectively.
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee (“NRC”), the Board of Directors 
at its meeting held on August 10, 2026, recommended the re-
appointment of Mrs. Sonal Vira as an Independent Director of 
the Company for a second term of five (5) consecutive years 
commencing from February 16, 2027 up to February 15, 2032 
(both days inclusive), not liable to retire by rotation, for the 
approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution.
The NRC, after taking into consideration the skills, expertise 
and competencies required on the Board in the context of the 
Company's business and operations and based on the outcome 
of the performance evaluation, concluded that Mrs. Sonal Vira 
continues to possess the qualifications, experience, knowledge 
and expertise required for the role of an Independent Director 
and accordingly recommended her re-appointment for a 
second term. Based on the recommendation of the NRC and the 
performance evaluation carried out, the Board is satisfied that 
Mrs. Sonal Vira possesses the requisite integrity, experience, 
expertise and proficiency and continues to fulfil the conditions 
specified under the Companies Act 2013 (the “Act”) and the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”). The Board is of the view that 
her continued association would be beneficial to the Company.
The Company has received a declaration from Mrs. Sonal Vira 
confirming that she continues to meet the criteria of independence 
as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act read with the 
Rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations.
In the opinion of the Board, Mrs. Sonal Vira fulfils the conditions 
specified in the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations for her re-
appointment as an Independent Director of the Company and 
she is independent of the management of the Company.
In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
Mrs. Sonal Vira has confirmed that she is not aware of any 
circumstance or situation which exists or may reasonably be 
anticipated that could impair or impact her ability to discharge 
her duties. She has also confirmed that she is not debarred from 
holding the office of Director by virtue of any order passed by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India or any other authority.
Further, Mrs. Sonal Vira has confirmed that she is not disqualified 
from being appointed as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the 
Act and has given her consent to act as a Director. She has also 
confirmed compliance with the provisions relating to registration 
with the Independent Directors' Databank maintained by the 
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, as applicable. The Company 
has received a notice in writing pursuant to Section 160 of the Act 
from a Member proposing the candidature of Mrs. Sonal Vira for 
her re-appointment to the office of Independent Director.
In compliance with the provisions of Sections 149, 150 and 152 
read with Schedule IV to the Act, Regulation 17 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and other applicable provisions, the re-appointment 
of Mrs. Sonal Vira as an Independent Director is being placed 
before the Members for approval by way of a Special Resolution.
The details of Mrs. Sonal Vira in pursuance of Regulation 36 of the 
Listing Regulations and Information pursuant to the Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) are given in Annexure 
VII to the Notice.
Except Mrs. Sonal Vira and her relatives, none of the Directors or 
Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, is 
Annual Report 2025-26
206


===== PAGE 434 =====
in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in 
the resolution set out at Item No. 10 of the Notice.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No. 10 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Item No. 11: Revision in remuneration of Mr. Paresh 
Shah (DIN: 08291953), Whole-Time Director and 
Chief Financial Officer:
The Members of the Company at the 4th Annual General Meeting 
held on September 25, 2025 had approved the appointment of 
Mr. Paresh Shah (DIN: 08291953) as Whole-Time Director of 
the Company and approved the remuneration of H15,00,000/- 
(Rupees Fifteen Lakhs only) per annum with effect from 
April 01, 2025.
Mr. Paresh Shah, being a Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company and member of the Promoter Group, 
is actively involved in the day-to-day operations and financial 
affairs of the Company. His decision-making acumen has 
consistently demonstrated strategic foresight and leadership 
capabilities, establishing him as a vital part of the Company’s 
core leadership team. 
Mr. Paresh Shah is a Chemical Engineer who holds a bachelor’s 
degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Bombay. 
He has also been awarded a Master of Science in Chemical 
Engineering from Washington State University in 1983. He has 
35+ years of experience in the chemical industry. He oversees 
the factory operations and legal matters of the Company and 
is responsible for financial activities, including budgeting and 
forecasting, working capital management, and project financing.
Considering the above factors and the role, experience, 
leadership and contribution of Mr. Paresh Shah, the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee, the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors, at their respective meetings held on August 
10, 2026, considered the revision of his remuneration structure 
in accordance with the provisions of Sections 197 and 198 read 
with Schedule V to the Act, and it was decided to revise his 
remuneration as “Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial 
Officer” for a period of three (3) years commencing from April 01, 
2026 to March 31, 2029, as per the following terms and conditions: 
Remuneration
i. Period: From April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2029; 
ii. Fixed Salary: H20,00,000/- (Rupees Twenty Lakhs 
Only) per annum;
iii. Commission: 0.5% of the annual consolidated net profits 
of the Company (calculated as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013);
iv. Perquisites and Other Benefits: As per the policy of the 
Company (e.g. medical, leave travel, vehicle, insurance, 
provident fund, gratuity, etc.); and
Minimum Remuneration under Schedule V
In any financial year during the aforesaid period, if the Company 
has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company shall 
pay to Mr. Paresh Shah the aforesaid remuneration as minimum 
remuneration in accordance with Section II of Part II of Schedule 
V to the Companies Act, 2013, subject to such approvals, consents 
and compliances as may be required under the Companies Act, 
2013 and applicable laws from time to time. 
The information as required under Schedule V to the Act is 
provided in Annexure VIII to the Notice.
The revised remuneration payable to Mr. Paresh Shah is 
considered appropriate having regard to his role, responsibilities, 
experience and contribution to the affairs of the Company.
For the reasons set out under Item No. 9 of this Explanatory 
Statement, the approval of the Members is also required by way 
of a Special Resolution in terms of Regulation 17(6)(e) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, Mr. Paresh Shah being a member of the Promoter Group 
of the Company.
The above may be treated as a written memorandum setting 
out the terms of remuneration of Mr. Paresh Shah pursuant to 
Section 190 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Except Mr. Paresh Shah and his relatives, none of the Directors 
or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, 
is in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in 
the resolution set out at Item No. 11 of the Notice.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special Resolution set 
out at Item No. 11 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Item No. 12: Approval for Continuation of 
Directorship of Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852) 
as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director of the 
Company, upon attaining 75 years of age
Pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, no listed entity 
shall appoint or continue the directorship of any person as a 
Non-Executive Director who has attained the age of seventy-five 
(75) years unless a Special Resolution is passed to that effect and 
the explanatory statement annexed to the Notice indicates the 
justification for such appointment or continuation.
Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852), Non-Executive Non-
Independent Director of the Company, will attain the age of 
seventy-five (75) years on November 05, 2027. Accordingly, 
approval of the Members by way of a Special Resolution is being 
sought for continuation of his directorship upon attaining the age 
of seventy-five (75) years.
Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852) is a Non-Executive Director 
of the Company and has over 45 years of rich experience in the 
chemical and pharmaceutical industry. He possesses extensive 
expertise in business development, sales and marketing of 
bulk drugs and has played a significant role in the growth and 
expansion of the Company's business over the years. His key 
areas of expertise include developing new markets and customer 
relationships, identifying business opportunities, handling 
commercial functions encompassing procurement, domestic 
sales and exports and driving strategic business initiatives. He 
has been instrumental in expanding the Company's market 
207
Notice

===== PAGE 435 =====
presence and establishing long-term customer relationships 
across various business segments.
Considering his extensive industry experience, business acumen, 
deep understanding of the Company's operations and valuable 
contribution to the growth and development of the Company, 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of 
Directors at their respective meetings held on August 10, 2026, 
recommended the continuation of his directorship as a Non-
Executive Non-Independent Director of the Company upon 
attaining the age of seventy-five (75) years.
Accordingly, pursuant to Regulation 17(1A) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, approval of the Members is sought by way of a 
Special Resolution for the continuation of the directorship of 
Mr. Shantilal Vora as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director 
of the Company with effect from November 05, 2027, being the 
date on which he attains the age of seventy-five (75) years.
Mr. Shantilal Vora has confirmed that he is not disqualified from 
acting as a Director in terms of Section 164 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and is not debarred from holding the office of Director by 
virtue of any order passed by SEBI or any other authority.
The details of Mr. Shantilal Vora in pursuance of Regulation 
36 of the Listing Regulations and Information pursuant to the 
Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) are given in 
Annexure VII to the Notice.
Except Mr. Shantilal Vora and Mr. Santosh Vora and their 
respective relatives, none of the other Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company, or their relatives, is in 
any way, financially or otherwise, concerned or interested in this 
resolution, except to the extent of their respective shareholdings 
in the Company.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No. 12 of the Notice for approval by the Members of the Company.
Item No. 13 to 17:
Payment of remuneration by way of commission to the Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Directors) of the Company.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Audit Committee, at their respective meetings held on August 10, 2026, 
considered and recommended, and the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on August 10, 2026, approved, subject 
to the approval of the Members of the Company, the payment of remuneration by way of commission to the Non-Executive Directors 
(including Independent Directors) named below, for the period from April 01, 2026 up to March 31, 2027, at the respective rates set out 
below, computed on the annual consolidated net profits of the Company calculated in accordance with Section 198 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”):
Item 
No. Name of the Director (DIN) Capacity in which remuneration is  
proposed to be paid
Rate of commission (% of the annual 
consolidated net profits computed 
under Section 198 of the Act)
1 Mr. Shantilal Vora 
(DIN: 07633852)
Non-Executive Director 0.5%
2 Mr. Sandeep Gupta 
(DIN: 09245060)
Non-Executive Director 0.5%
3 Mr. Mulesh Savla 
(DIN: 07474847)
Independent Director 0.5%
4 Mrs. Sonal Vira 
(DIN: 09505883)
Independent Director 0.25%
5 Mr. Ashok Chheda 
(DIN: 10776571)
Independent Director 0.25%
The aforesaid commission shall be payable in addition to the 
sitting fees payable to the respective Directors for attending the 
meetings of the Board of Directors and/or its Committees.
Brief profile of the Directors:
Mr. Shantilal Vora (DIN: 07633852) transitioned from the role of 
Executive Director to Non-Executive Director of the Company 
with effect from February 06, 2022. In his capacity as a Non-
Executive Director, he continues to provide strategic guidance 
and mentorship to the leadership team. With over 45 years of 
experience in the chemical and pharmaceutical industry, he has 
played a pivotal role in expanding the Company’s market reach 
and customer base. His expertise lies in the sales and marketing 
of bulk drugs, and he brings valuable insights into managing 
commercial functions, including procurement, domestic 
sales and exports.
Mr. Sandeep Gupta (DIN: 09245060) is a Chemical Engineer 
with a Master’s degree in Polymer Science from Lehigh 
University, USA, and has more than 25 years of experience in the 
chemical industry. His experience spans business development, 
operational excellence, statutory compliances, engineering 
and market research. He continues to provide valuable 
insights and strategic guidance to the Board in discharging its 
responsibilities effectively.
Annual Report 2025-26
208


===== PAGE 436 =====
Mr. Mulesh Savla (DIN: 07474847) is a Commerce Graduate from 
the University of Mumbai and a Chartered Accountant from the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, with more than 35 
years of extensive experience in the fields of taxation, auditing, 
accounts and finance, and structuring and restructuring of 
business entities. He serves on various Committees of the 
Company and continues to provide valuable guidance, an 
independent perspective and strategic inputs to the Board in 
discharging its responsibilities effectively.
Mrs. Sonal Vira (DIN: 09505883) has over 14 years of experience in 
corporate banking and financial services and possesses expertise 
in financial analysis, credit evaluation, relationship management 
and business development. She serves on various Committees of 
the Board, and her professional experience and financial acumen 
enable her to provide valuable insights and guidance to the 
Board and its Committees in matters relating to governance, risk 
management and strategic decision-making.
Mr. Ashok Chheda (DIN: 10776571) is a Commerce Graduate 
from the University of Mumbai and a Chartered Accountant 
from the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. He 
possesses over 27 years of extensive experience in direct and 
indirect taxation, accounting and audit, with significant expertise 
in managing complex tax matters, handling audits and providing 
strategic guidance on tax and financial matters. He is a member 
of the Audit Committee of the Board and continues to provide 
valuable guidance and an independent perspective to the Board 
in discharging its responsibilities effectively.
Requirement of approval of the Members:
In terms of the first proviso to Section 197(1) of the Act, the 
remuneration payable to the directors of a company, other than 
its Managing Director, Whole-time Director(s) and manager, 
shall not exceed one per cent of the net profits of the Company, 
computed in the manner laid down in Section 198 of the Act, 
where the Company has a Managing Director or Whole-time 
Director or manager, except with the approval of the Members of 
the Company in general meeting.
The aggregate commission proposed to be paid to the Non-
Executive Directors (including Independent Directors) at Item Nos. 
13 to 17 of the Notice amounts to 2% of the annual consolidated net 
profits of the Company, computed in accordance with Section 198 
of the Act, which exceeds the aforesaid limit of 1% of the net profits 
of the Company. Accordingly, the approval of the Members is 
being sought for payment of the said commission notwithstanding 
the limit specified in Section 197(1) of the Act.
Minimum Remuneration as per Schedule V:
If the profits of the Company are inadequate during the Financial 
Year 2026-27, the Company shall pay the aforesaid commission 
to each of the aforesaid Directors as minimum remuneration, in 
accordance with the provisions and limits specified under Section 
II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act, or any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force.
In terms of the proviso to item (A) of Section II of Part II of 
Schedule V to the Act, the remuneration in excess of the limits 
specified in the table thereunder may be paid to a managerial 
person or other director if the resolution passed by the 
shareholders is a special resolution. The commission proposed 
to be paid to the aforesaid Directors is computed as a percentage 
of the annual consolidated net profits of the Company and the 
quantum thereof is not ascertainable as on the date of this Notice. 
Accordingly, and further to the requirement under Section 197(1) 
of the Act referred to above, the approval of the Members is being 
sought by way of Special Resolutions at Item Nos. 13 to 17 of the 
Notice, so as to enable the Company to pay the said commission 
as minimum remuneration in the event of inadequacy of profits, 
including where such commission exceeds the limits specified in 
item (A) of Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act. 
The payment of the aforesaid remuneration has been approved 
by a resolution passed by the Board of Directors and by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee at their respective 
meetings held on August 10, 2026, and the Company has not 
committed any default in payment of dues to any bank or public 
financial institution or non-convertible debenture holders or any 
other secured creditor, as required under the conditions specified 
in Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Act.
The information as required under Schedule V to the Act is given 
in Annexure VIII to the Notice.
Mr. Shantilal Vora, Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Mr. Mulesh Savla, 
Mrs. Sonal Vira and Mr. Ashok Chheda are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolutions set out at 
Item Nos. 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 of the Notice respectively, to the 
extent of the remuneration by way of commission proposed to be 
paid to them, and their respective relatives may be deemed to be 
concerned or interested to that extent. Mr. Santosh Vora, being a 
relative of Mr. Shantilal Vora, is also deemed to be concerned or 
interested in the resolution set out at Item No. 13 of the Notice.
Save as aforesaid, none of the other Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company, or their respective relatives, is in 
any way, financially or otherwise, concerned or interested in the 
resolutions set out at Item Nos. 13 to 17 of the Notice, except to the 
extent of their respective shareholdings, if any, in the Company.
The Board recommends the Special Resolutions set out at 
Item Nos. 13 to 17 of the Notice for approval by the Members 
of the Company.
Item No. 18: Shifting of the Registered Office of the Company 
outside the jurisdiction of the existing Registrar of Companies 
(ROC) within the State of Maharashtra.
The Registered Office of the Company is presently situated at 104, 
Udyog Kshetra, Mulund (West), Mumbai – 400080, Maharashtra, 
falling under the jurisdiction of the Registrar of Companies, 
Mumbai (ROC Mumbai-I).
209
Notice

===== PAGE 437 =====
In order to achieve greater operational efficiency and to align the 
Registered Office with the Company's principal place of business 
and manufacturing operations, the Board of Directors of the 
Company, at its meeting held on August 10, 2026, approved the 
proposal for shifting the Registered Office of the Company to 
Plot No. L-13, L-28, L-28(Pt), L-29 & L-30, Tarapur MIDC, Boisar, 
District – Palghar, Maharashtra – 401506, falling under the 
jurisdiction of the Registrar of Companies, Navi Mumbai (ROC 
Mumbai-II), subject to the approval of the Members, the Regional 
Director and such other statutory approvals as may be required.
Pursuant to Section 12(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, a company 
cannot shift its registered office from the jurisdiction of one 
Registrar of Companies to the jurisdiction of another Registrar of 
Companies within the same State unless such change is approved 
by the Members by way of a Special Resolution and confirmed by 
the Regional Director.
Further, Clause II of the Memorandum of Association of 
the Company presently states that the Registered Office of 
the Company is situated in the State of Maharashtra within 
the jurisdiction of the Registrar of Companies, Mumbai. 
Consequently, upon approval of the proposed shifting of 
the Registered Office, it is proposed to alter Clause II of the 
Memorandum of Association to reflect the jurisdiction of the 
Registrar of Companies, Mumbai-II.
The proposed shifting of the Registered Office will not adversely 
affect the existing business operations, shareholders, creditors, 
employees or any other stakeholders of the Company, and is in 
the best interests of the Company.
A copy of the Memorandum of Association of the Company 
containing the proposed amendment and other relevant 
documents shall be available for inspection by the Members in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company, or their relatives, is in any way concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution set out at 
Item No. 18 of the Notice.
The Board recommends the Special Resolution set out at Item 
No.18 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
Annual Report 2025-26
210


===== PAGE 438 =====
Annexure - II
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED AND VALIANT ORGANICS LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party VOL is an Indian company engaged in the manufacturing and sale of 
specialty chemicals and chemical intermediates, including chlorophenol 
derivatives, benzene-based specialty chemicals and other chemical 
intermediates, catering to the agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, dyes & 
pigments, polymers, personal care and allied industries, with operations 
in India and overseas markets.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity and the related 
party – including nature of its concern (financial or 
otherwise) and the following:
Valiant Laboratories Limited (“the Listed Entity/VLL”) does not hold 
any shares of the Related Party, VOL, either directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises through Dhanvallabh Ventures 
LLP (“DVLLP”), a promoter entity of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% 
of its equity share capital. DVLLP is a material subsidiary of VOL, 
and the Listed Entity is an associate of VOL (held through DVLLP). 
Accordingly, VOL is a related party of the Listed Entity under Regulation 
2(1) (zb) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with Ind AS 24.
Nature of Concern: Financial
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
Valiant Laboratories Limited does not hold any equity shares or other 
securities, either directly or indirectly, in VOL. Accordingly, there is no 
direct or indirect shareholding of the Listed Entity in the Related Party.
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as VOL is a body corporate having share capital. 
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
VOL does not directly hold any equity shares in Valiant Laboratories 
Limited (“the Listed Entity”). However, VOL holds 73.15% of the capital 
contribution in Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), its material 
subsidiary, and accordingly exercises control over DVLLP. DVLLP 
holds 46.84% of the equity share capital of the Listed Entity. In terms of 
the Explanation to this item, shareholding held through any person over 
which the related party has control is treated as indirect shareholding; 
accordingly, the entire 46.84% held by DVLLP constitutes the indirect 
shareholding of VOL in the Listed Entity. (The effective economic 
interest of VOL through DVLLP works out to 34.27%; however, indirect 
shareholding for the purpose of this disclosure is 46.84%.)
211
Notice

===== PAGE 439 =====
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
From VLL to VOL
Purchase of Goods/Services 109.96
From Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited (“VASPL”) to VOL
Sale of Goods/Services 101.24
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
From VLL to VOL
Purchase of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 14.02
From VASPL to VOL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 0.96 
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year. 
No
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. Upto H 50 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/
materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Laboratories Limited to Valiant Organics 
Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual 
general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2. Upto H 400 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/
materials and/or availing of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Laboratories Limited from Valiant Organics 
Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual 
general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
3. Upto H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for leasing of property 
by Valiant Laboratories Limited to Valiant Organics Limited from 
September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
4. Upto H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for commission expected 
to be received by Valiant Laboratories Limited from Valiant 
Organics Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next 
annual general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies 
Act, 2013.
Annual Report 2025-26
212


===== PAGE 440 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5. Upto H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering 
of services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant 
Laboratories Limited from/to Valiant Organics Limited from 
September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
6. Upto H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for Transfer, Sale, 
Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by/to 
Valiant Laboratories Limited from/to Valiant Organics Limited 
from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the materiality threshold of the 
Listed Entity under Regulation 23(1) read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, i.e. H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of the Listed Entity of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26:
1. for sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations - 21.06%
2. for purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services or 
other resources and obligations – 168.44%
3. for leasing of property - 2.11%
4. for commission expected to be received - 0.42%
5. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations - 2.11%
6. for transfer, sale, disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations-2.11%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H466 crore) – 196.24% of the 
consolidated turnover of the Listed Entity.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
N.A.
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of VOL of H738.76 crore for 
FY 2025-26: 
1. for sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services – 6.77%; 
2. for purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services – 54.14%;
3. for leasing of property – 0.68%; 
4. for commission expected to be received – 0.14%;
5. for availing or rendering of services – 0.68%. 
6. for transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations-0.68%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H466 crore) – 63.08% of the 
consolidated turnover of VOL.
213
Notice

===== PAGE 441 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year:
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 738.38
Profit after Tax 34.36
Net Worth 696.85
Explanation: The above information given on 
standalone basis.
As disclosed in the table
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. sale 
of goods/services, purchase of goods/services, 
giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1. Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by VLL to VOL.
2. Purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services or other 
resources and obligations by VLL from VOL.
3. Leasing of property by VLL to VOL.
4. Commission expected to be received by VLL from VOL
5. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations 
by/to VLL from/to VOL.
6. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by/to VLL 
from/to VOL.
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1. Sale of any goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H50.00 crore.
2.  Purchase of any goods/materials and/or availing of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H400.00 crore.
3.  Leasing of property for an amount not exceeding H5.00 crore.
4.  Commission expected to be received for an amount not exceeding 
H1.00 crore.
5.  Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H5.00 crore.
6. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations not exceeding 
H5.00 crore. 
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 
months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
Annual Report 2025-26
214


===== PAGE 442 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will be 
executed over more than one financial year, provide 
estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28  (From April 1, 
2027, upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of any goods/materials and/
or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H25.00 crore.  
2. Purchase of any goods/materials 
and/or availing of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H200.00 crore.
3. Leasing of property for an amount 
not exceeding H2.50 crore 
4. Commission expected to be 
received for an amount not 
exceeding H0.50 crore. 
5. Availing or rendering of services 
or other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding H2.50 
crore. 
6. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations 
not exceeding H2.50 crore.
1. Sale of any goods/materials 
and/or rendering of services 
or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore   
2. Purchase of any goods/
materials and/or availing of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H200.00 crore
3. Leasing of property for an 
amount not exceeding H2.50 
crore
4. Commission expected to be 
received for an amount not 
exceeding H0.50 crore 
5. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H2.50 crore
6. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations not exceeding 
H2.50 crore.
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be 
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
the Company as they facilitate the efficient conduct of business operations 
through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, availing and rendering 
of services, leasing arrangements, commission-based activities and other 
business support transactions. These transactions enable operational 
efficiency, optimum utilization of resources, cost optimization, business 
continuity and commercial synergies between the parties.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties. Accordingly, the Audit 
Committee believes that the proposed transactions are beneficial to the 
Company and in the best interests of its shareholders.
215
Notice

===== PAGE 443 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
7 Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who have 
interest in the transaction, whether directly or 
indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean interest 
held through any person over which an individual 
has control.
Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director of Valiant Laboratories Limited, and 
Mrs. Sonal Vira, Independent Director of Valiant Laboratories Limited, along 
with their immediate relatives may be deemed to be interested in the proposed 
transactions by virtue of their directorships and shareholding in VOL.
Mr. Paresh Shah, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer and 
Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Non-Executive Director along with their immediate 
relatives may be deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions by 
virtue of their shareholding in VOL.
Further, Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP, a promoter entity of the Company 
holding 46.84% of the equity share capital of the Company, is a material 
subsidiary of VOL and may be deemed to be interested in the proposed 
transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the other Promoters, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives 
is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed 
transactions.
a. Name of the directors/KMP Mr. Santosh Vora
Mrs. Sonal Vira
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
Mr. Santosh Shantilal Vora – 2.09% (including shareholding held by his 
relatives)
Mrs. Sonal Amit Vira – 0.00% (including shareholding held by her relatives)
Mr. Paresh Shashikant Shah – 0.46% (including shareholding held by his 
relatives)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta – 0.00% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any, shall be placed before the Audit 
Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such period 
for which such advances are extended as per normal trade 
practice), if any, proposed to be extended to the related 
party in relation to the transaction, specify the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature of 
the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate bidding 
or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Annual Report 2025-26
216


===== PAGE 444 =====
Annexure - III
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT LABORATORIES LIMITED AND AARTI PHARMALABS LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (“APL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party APL is a pharmaceutical company engaged in the research, development, 
manufacture and sale of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), API 
intermediates, Regulatory Starting Materials (RSMs), Key Building 
Blocks and other pharmaceutical products, along with process 
development and commercial manufacturing services.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity/subsidiary 
(in case of transaction involving the subsidiary) and 
the related party – including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following:
Valiant Laboratories Limited (“the Listed Entity/VLL”) does not hold 
any shares of the Related Party, APL, either directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises due to Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP 
(“DVLLP”), Promoter of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% of its equity share 
capital, through which it exercises significant influence over the Listed 
Entity. The Designated Partners of DVLLP direct its affairs, including the 
exercise of the voting rights attaching to its holding in the Listed Entity. 
They are accordingly persons having significant influence over the Listed 
Entity within the meaning of Ind AS 24 – Related Party Disclosures. The 
said Designated Partners, together with the other members of the Gogri 
family, constitute the Promoter and Promoter Group of APL and exercise 
joint control over APL. Further, the Designated Partners of DVLLP also 
hold key executive positions, such as Chairman, Managing Director, 
and Director in APL. APL is therefore an entity that is jointly controlled 
by persons having significant influence over the Listed Entity and is 
accordingly a related party of the Listed Entity as per Ind AS 24.
Nature of Concern: Otherwise. (The concern arises from the joint control 
of APL by persons having significant influence over VLL and VASPL).
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
VLL does not hold any equity shares or other securities, either directly 
or indirectly, in APL. Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect 
shareholding of the Listed Entity in the Related Party.
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as APL is a body corporate having share capital. 
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
APL holds no shares in the Listed Entity directly and holds none 
through any person over which APL has control. The equity interests 
held by members of the Gogri family in Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP are 
held by them in their personal capacity and are not attributable to APL. 
Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the Related 
Party in the Listed Entity.
217
Notice

===== PAGE 445 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Between VLL and APL
Purchase of Goods/Services 5.13
Sale of Goods/Services 3.19
Availing/rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations
3.00
Other Reimbursements 6.81
Between VASPL and APL
Sale of Goods/Services  0.42
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
Between VLL and APL
Purchase of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 0.66
Availing/rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations
Upto June 30, 2026 0.89
Other Reimbursements Upto June 30, 2026 1.94
Between VASPL and APL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 9.90
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year. 
No
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. H 10 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/materials 
and/or rendering of services or other resources and obligations 
by Valiant Laboratories Limited to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited 
from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2. H 10 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/
services or other resources and obligations by Valiant Laboratories 
Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, 
upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
3. H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering 
of services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant 
Laboratories Limited from/to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from 
September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
4. H 15 crore towards omnibus approval for other reimbursement 
expected to be received by Valiant Laboratories Limited from 
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date 
of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013.
Annual Report 2025-26
218


===== PAGE 446 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5. H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations by Valiant Laboratories Limited 
from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the 
date of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions 
of Companies Act, 2013.
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the materiality threshold of the 
Listed Entity under Regulation 23(1) read with Schedule XII of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, i.e. H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated 
turnover of H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of the Listed Entity of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26:
1. sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services – 4.21%;
2. purchase of goods/services – 4.21%;
3. availing or rendering of services – 2.11%;
4.  other reimbursement expected to be received – 6.32%.
5.  transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations – 2.11%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H45 crore) – 18.95% of the 
consolidated turnover of the Listed Entity.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
N.A.
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of APL of H1,819.44 crore 
for FY 2025-26: 
1.  sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services – 0.55%;
2.  purchase of goods/services – 0.55%; 
3.  availing or rendering of services – 0.27%;
4.  other reimbursement expected to be received – 0.82%.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations- 0.27
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H45 crore) – 2.47% of the 
consolidated turnover of APL.
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year:
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 1,797.55
Profit after Tax 176.20
Net Worth 1,982.35
Explanation: The above information is given on 
standalone basis.
As disclosed in the table
219
Notice

===== PAGE 447 =====
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. 
sale of goods/services, purchase of goods/
services, giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1.  Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Laboratories Limited to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
2.  Purchase of goods/services or other resources and obligations by 
Valiant Laboratories Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
3.  Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations 
by/to Valiant Laboratories Limited from/to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
4.  Other reimbursement expected to be received by Valiant Laboratories 
Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
5.  Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by/to Valiant 
Laboratories Limited from/to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited.
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1.  Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations for an amount not exceeding H 10 crore.
2.  Purchase of goods/services or other resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 10 crore.
3.  Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 5 crore.
4.  Other reimbursement expected to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 15 crore 
5.  Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations for an amount 
not exceeding H 5 crore.
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will 
be executed over more than one financial year, 
provide estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28 (From April 1, 2027, 
upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of goods/materials and/
or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 5 crore.
1.  Sale of goods/materials and/
or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 5 crore.
2.  Purchase of goods/services or 
other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 5 crore.
2. Purchase of goods/services or 
other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding 
H 5 crore.
3.  Availing or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 2.5 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H 2.5 crore.
4.  Other reimbursement expected 
to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 7.5 crore.
4.  Other reimbursement expected 
to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 7.5 crore.
5.  Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition 
of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other 
Resources/ Obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 2.5 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H 2.5 crore.
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Annual Report 2025-26
220


===== PAGE 448 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be 
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
the Company as they facilitate the efficient conduct of business operations 
through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, the availing and rendering 
of services and the reimbursement of shared costs. These transactions enable 
operational efficiency, optimum utilization of resources, cost optimization, 
business continuity and commercial synergies between the parties.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties. Accordingly, the Audit 
Committee believes that the proposed transactions are beneficial to the 
Company and in the best interests of its shareholders.
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether directly 
or indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over which an 
individual has control.
Mr. Santosh Vora, Managing Director, Mr. Paresh Shah, Whole-Time 
Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Shantilal Vora, Non-Executive 
Director and Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Non-Executive Director along with 
their immediate relatives may be deemed to be interested in the proposed 
transactions by virtue of their shareholding in APL.
Further, Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), the Promoter of the 
Company holding 46.84% of its equity share capital, its Designated Partners 
being members of the Promoter and Promoter Group of APL and holding 
office on the Board of APL and their immediate relatives may be deemed to 
be interested in the proposed transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the Promoters, Directors or Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives is concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed transactions.
a. Name of the directors/KMP Mr. Santosh Vora
Mr. Shantilal Vora
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Shantilal Vora – 0.1% (including shareholding 
held by their relatives)
Mr. Paresh Shah – 0.04% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta – 0.00% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any, shall be placed before the Audit 
Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature 
of the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate 
bidding or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
Reimbursement of shared costs is claimed and settled on an actual cost 
basis, without any mark-up.
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such period 
for which such advances are extended as per normal trade 
practice) , if any, proposed to be extended to the related 
party in relation to the transaction, specify the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
221
Notice

===== PAGE 449 =====
Annexure - IV
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT ADVANCED SCIENCES PRIVATE LIMITED AND VALIANT  
ORGANICS LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party VOL is an Indian company engaged in the manufacturing and sale of specialty 
chemicals and chemical intermediates, including chlorophenol derivatives, 
benzene-based specialty chemicals and other chemical intermediates, catering 
to the agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, dyes & pigments, polymers, personal 
care and allied industries, with operations in India and overseas markets.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity/ Subsidiary 
and the related party – including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following:
The transaction involves Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited 
(“VASPL”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited 
(“the Listed Entity/VLL”), and Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”).
VASPL does not hold any shares of VOL, either directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises through Dhanvallabh Ventures 
LLP (“DVLLP”), a promoter entity of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% 
of its equity share capital. DVLLP is a material subsidiary of VOL, 
and the Listed Entity is an associate of VOL (held through DVLLP). 
Accordingly, VOL is a related party of the Listed Entity under Regulation 
2(1) (zb) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with Ind AS 24. Since the proposed transaction 
is being undertaken by VASPL, a wholly owned subsidiary of VLL, 
the transaction falls within the ambit of the related party transaction 
provisions applicable to the Listed Entity and its subsidiaries.
Nature of Concern: Financial
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
VASPL, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, does not 
hold any equity shares or other securities, either directly or indirectly, 
in VOL. Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the 
Subsidiary in the Related Party.
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as VOL is a body corporate having share capital. 
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
VOL does not directly hold any equity shares in VASPL.
However, VOL holds 73.15% of the capital contribution in Dhanvallabh 
Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), its material subsidiary, and accordingly exercises 
control over DVLLP. DVLLP holds 46.84% of the equity share capital of 
VLL. VLL, in turn, holds 100% of the equity share capital of VASPL.
In terms of the Explanation to this item, shareholding held through any 
person over which the related party has control is treated as indirect 
shareholding. Accordingly, the 46.84% shareholding held by DVLLP in 
VLL constitutes the indirect shareholding of VOL in VASPL, considering 
that VLL holds 100% of VASPL.
Annual Report 2025-26
222


===== PAGE 450 =====
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
From VLL to VOL
Purchase of Goods/Services 109.96
By VASPL with VOL
Sale of Goods/Services 101.24
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
From VLL to VOL
Purchase of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 14.02
From VASPL to VOL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 0.96
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year.  
No
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. Upto H 50 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/
service materials and/or rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to 
Valiant Organics Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date 
of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013.
2. Upto H 50 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/
service materials and/or availing of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited from 
Valiant Organics Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date 
of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013.
3. Upto H 2 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering 
of services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant 
Advanced Sciences Private Limited from/to Valiant Organics 
Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual 
general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
4. Upto H10 crore towards omnibus approval for other reimbursements 
by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited from Valiant Organics 
Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual 
general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
5. Upto H5 crore towards omnibus approval Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited from Valiant Organics Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
223
Notice

===== PAGE 451 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the applicable materiality 
threshold under Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
including the threshold applicable to transactions involving an unlisted 
subsidiary. The proposed transactions of H117 crore exceed 10% of 
VASPL’s annual standalone turnover of H41.65 crore for FY 2025-26, 
i.e. H4.16 crore, and also exceed the materiality threshold of the Listed 
Entity of H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated turnover of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
N.A. as listed entity is not a party to the transactions.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
Based on the annual standalone turnover of the subsidiary of H41.65 
crore for FY 2025-26:
1. for sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations –120.05%
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations –120.05%
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations -4.80%
4. for other reimbursements-24.01%
5. for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations- 12.00%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H117 crore) –280.91% of the 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary (VASPL).
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of VOL of H738.76 crore for 
FY 2025-26: 
1. for  sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations – 6.77%
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services or 
other resources and obligations – 6.77%
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and  
obligations - 0.27%
4. for other reimbursements - 1.35%
5. for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations - 0.68% 
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H117 crore) – 15.84% of the 
consolidated turnover of VOL.
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year:
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 738.38
Profit after Tax 34.36
Net Worth 696.85
Explanation: The above information given on 
standalone basis. 
As disclosed in the table
Annual Report 2025-26
224


===== PAGE 452 =====
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. 
sale of goods/services, purchase of goods/
services, giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1. Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL to VOL.
2. Purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services or other 
resources and obligations by VASPL from VOL.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations 
by/to VASPL from/to VOL.
4. Other Reimbursements by VASPL from VOL.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by VASPL to VOL
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1.  Sale of any goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H50.00 crore.
2.  Purchase of any goods/service materials and/or availing of services or 
other resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H50.00 crore.
3.  Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H2.00 crore.
4.  Other Reimbursements for an amount not exceeding H10.00 crore.
5.  Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations not exceeding 
H5.00 crore.
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will 
be executed over more than one financial year, 
provide estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28 (From April 1, 2027, 
upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of any goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service 
materials and/or availing of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services 
or other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding H1.00 
crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an 
amount not exceeding H5.00 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations H2.50 crore
1. Sale of any goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service 
materials and/or availing of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
3.  Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H1.00 crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an 
amount not exceeding H5.00 
crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations H2.50 crore
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
225
Notice

===== PAGE 453 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be 
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
VASPL as they facilitate the efficient conduct of its business operations 
through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, availing and rendering 
of services and other resources and obligations. These transactions are 
expected to enable VASPL to achieve operational efficiency, optimum 
utilization of resources, cost optimization, business continuity and 
commercial synergies with the counterparty.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties, as applicable. The 
proposed transactions are expected to support the business operations of 
VASPL and contribute to its growth and financial performance, thereby 
being in the overall interest of the Listed Entity and its stakeholders.
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether directly 
or indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over which an 
individual has control.
Mr. Santosh Vora and Mrs. Sonal Vira are Directors in VLL, VASPL 
and Valiant Organics Limited (“VOL”), and also the shareholders in 
VLL and VOL. They may accordingly be deemed to be interested in the 
proposed transactions to the extent of their respective directorships and 
shareholdings, along with their immediate relatives.
Mr. Paresh Shah, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer of 
VLL, member of the Promoter Group of VLL, and a Director in VASPL, 
holds equity shares in VOL along with his immediate relatives and may 
accordingly be deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions to the 
extent of their respective shareholding in VOL.
Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Non-Executive Director of VLL, holds equity shares 
in VOL along with his immediate relatives and may accordingly be 
deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions to the extent of their 
shareholding in VOL.
Further, Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP, a promoter entity of VLL, holding 
46.84% of the equity share capital of VLL, is a material subsidiary of VOL and 
may accordingly be deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the other Promoters, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives 
is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed 
transactions.
a. Name of the directors/KMP Mr. Santosh Vora
Mrs. Sonal Vira
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
Mr. Santosh Vora – 2.09% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mrs. Sonal Vira – 0.00% (including shareholding held by her relatives)
Mr. Paresh Shah – 0.46% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta – 0.00% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party report, 
if any, shall be placed before the Audit Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Annual Report 2025-26
226


===== PAGE 454 =====
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature 
of the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate 
bidding or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such period 
for which such advances are extended as per normal trade 
practice), if any, proposed to be extended to the related 
party in relation to the transaction, specify the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
227
Notice

===== PAGE 455 =====
Annexure - V
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT ADVANCED SCIENCES PRIVATE LIMITED AND AARTI  
PHARMALABS LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Aarti Pharmalabs Limited (“APL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party APL is a pharmaceutical company engaged in the research, development, 
manufacture and sale of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs), API 
intermediates, Regulatory Starting Materials (RSMs), Key Building Blocks 
and other pharmaceutical products, along with process development and 
commercial manufacturing services.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity/subsidiary 
(in case of transaction involving the subsidiary) and 
the related party – including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following:
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (“VASPL”) is a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“the Listed Entity/VLL”). 
VASPL does not hold any shares of APL, the Related Party, either 
directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises due to Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP 
(“DVLLP”), Promoter of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% of its equity 
share capital, through which it exercises significant influence over the 
Listed Entity. The Designated Partners of DVLLP direct its affairs, 
including the exercise of the voting rights attaching to its holding in 
the Listed Entity. They are accordingly persons having significant 
influence over the Listed Entity within the meaning of Ind AS 24 – 
Related Party Disclosures. The said Designated Partners, together with 
the other members of the Gogri family, constitute the Promoter and 
Promoter Group of APL and exercise joint control over APL. Further, 
the Designated Partners of DVLLP also hold key executive positions, 
such as Chairman, Managing Director, and Director in APL. APL is 
therefore an entity that is jointly controlled by persons having significant 
influence over the Listed Entity and is accordingly a related party of the 
Listed Entity as per Ind AS 24.
As VASPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, APL is also 
considered a Related Party for the purpose of the proposed transactions 
involving VASPL, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Nature of Concern: Otherwise. (The concern arises from the joint 
control of APL by persons having significant influence over the Listed 
Entity and VASPL).
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
VASPL, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, does not 
hold any equity shares or other securities, either directly or indirectly, 
in APL. Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the 
Subsidiary in the Related Party
Annual Report 2025-26
228


===== PAGE 456 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as APL is a body corporate having share capital. 
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
APL does not directly hold any equity shares in VASPL. Further, APL 
holds no shares in the Listed Entity directly and holds none through 
any person over which APL has control. The equity interests held by 
members of the Gogri family in Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP are held 
by them in their personal capacity and are not attributable to APL. 
Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the Related 
Party in the Listed Entity.
Further, since VLL holds 100% of the equity share capital of VASPL, and 
APL has no direct or indirect shareholding in VLL through any person 
over which APL has control, APL does not have any direct or indirect 
shareholding in VASPL.
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Between VLL and APL
Purchase of Goods/Services 5.13
Sale of Goods/Services 3.19
Availing/rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations
3.00
Other Reimbursements 6.81
Between VASPL and APL
Sale of Goods/Services  0.42
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
Between VLL and APL
Purchase of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 0.66
Availing/rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations
Upto June 30, 2026 0.89
Other Reimbursements Upto June 30, 2026 1.94
Between VASPL and APL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 9.90
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year.  
No
229
Notice

===== PAGE 457 =====
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. H 120 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to 
Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date 
of the next annual general meeting held as per the provisions of 
Companies Act, 2013.
2. H 60 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/services 
or other resources and obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
3. H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private Limited from/to Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from 
September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. 
4. H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for other reimbursement 
expected to be received by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private 
Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 2026, 
upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013. 
5. H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited from Aarti Pharmalabs Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. 
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the applicable materiality 
threshold under Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
including the threshold applicable to transactions involving an unlisted 
subsidiary. The proposed transactions of H187 crore exceed 10% of 
VASPL’s annual standalone turnover of H41.65 crore for FY 2025-26, 
i.e. H4.16 crore, and also exceed the materiality threshold of the Listed 
Entity of H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated turnover of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
N.A. as listed entity is not a party to the transactions.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
Based on the annual standalone turnover of the subsidiary of H41.65 
crore for FY 2025-26:
1. for sale of goods/services materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations – 288.12%;
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations – 144.06%;
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations – 2.40%;
4. for other reimbursement expected to be received – 2.40%;
5. for transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations- 12.00%.
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H187 crore) – 448.98% of the 
standalone turnover of the subsidiary.
Annual Report 2025-26
230


===== PAGE 458 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual consolidated turnover of APL of H1,819.44 crore 
for FY 2025-26: 
1. for sale of goods/services materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations – 6.60%;
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations – 3.30%;
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations – 0.05%;
4. for other reimbursement expected to be received – 0.05%.
5. for transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations- 0.27%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H187 crore) –10.28% of the 
consolidated turnover of APL.
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year:
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 1,797.55
Profit after Tax 176.20
Net Worth 1,982.35
Explanation: The above information is given on 
standalone basis
As disclosed in the table
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. 
sale of goods/services, purchase of goods/
services, giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1. Sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations by VASPL to APL.
2. Purchase of goods/services or other resources and obligations by VASPL 
from APL.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations by/to 
VASPL from/to APL.
4. Other reimbursement expected to be received by VASPL from APL.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by VASPL from APL.
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1. Sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H 120 crore.
2. Purchase of goods/services or other resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 60 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 1 crore.
4. Other reimbursement expected to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 1 crore 
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations for an amount 
not exceeding H 5 crore.
231
Notice

===== PAGE 459 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting 
held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 
months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will 
be executed over more than one financial year, 
provide estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28 (From April 1, 2027, 
upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of goods/service materials 
and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 60 crore.
1. Sale of goods/service materials 
and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding  
H 60 crore.
2. Purchase of goods/services or 
other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H 30 crore.
2. Purchase of goods/services or 
other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding  
H 30 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services 
or other resources and obligations 
for an amount not exceeding H 0.5 
crore.
3. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H 0.5 crore.
4. Other reimbursement expected 
to be received for an amount not 
exceeding H 0.5 crore
4. Other reimbursement expected 
to be received for an amount 
not exceeding H 0.5 crore
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition 
of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other 
Resources/ Obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H 2.5 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H 2.5 crore.
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to 
be entered into are in the interest of the listed 
entity/subsidiary
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
VASPL as they are intended to facilitate the efficient conduct of its business 
operations through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, availing 
and rendering of services, leasing arrangements and other business 
support transactions with APL. These transactions are expected to facilitate 
operational efficiency, optimum utilisation of resources, cost optimisation, 
business continuity and commercial synergies between the parties.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties, as applicable. The 
proposed transactions are expected to support the business operations 
and growth of VASPL and contribute to its financial performance, thereby 
being in the overall interest of the Listed Entity and its stakeholders.
Annual Report 2025-26
232


===== PAGE 460 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether directly 
or indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over which an 
individual has control.
Mr. Santosh Vora and Mr. Paresh Shah are Directors in VLL and VASPL; 
and along with their respective relatives, hold equity shares in APL, the 
Related Party. Accordingly they may be deemed to be interested in the 
proposed transactions to the extent of their respective shareholding in APL.
Mr. Shantilal Vora and Mr. Sandeep Gupta, Directors of VLL, along with 
their respective relatives, hold equity shares in APL, the Related Party, and 
may accordingly be deemed to be interested in the proposed transactions 
to the extent of their respective shareholding in APL.
Further, Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), a Promoter entity of 
VLL holding 46.84% of the equity share capital of VLL, is controlled by its 
Designated Partners, who are persons having significant influence over the 
Listed Entity and, together with the other members of the Gogri family, 
exercise joint control over APL. Accordingly, DVLLP may be deemed to be 
interested in the proposed transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the other Promoters, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives is 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed transactions.
a. Name of the directors/KMP Mr. Santosh Vora
Mr. Paresh Shah
Mr. Shantilal Vora
Mr. Sandeep Gupta
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
Mr. Santosh Vora - 0.1% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Paresh Shah - 0.04% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Shantilal Vora - 0.1% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
Mr. Sandeep Gupta - 0.005% (including shareholding held by his relatives)
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party report, 
if any, shall be placed before the Audit Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature of 
the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate bidding 
or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
Reimbursement of shared costs is claimed and settled on an actual cost 
basis, without any mark-up.
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such 
period for which such advances are extended as per 
normal trade practice) , if any, proposed to be extended 
to the related party in relation to the transaction, specify 
the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
233
Notice

===== PAGE 461 =====
Annexure - VI
Industry Standards on “Minimum information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Shareholders for approval of 
Related Party Transactions”
FOR TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN VALIANT ADVANCED SCIENCES PRIVATE LIMITED AND ALCHEMIE 
SPECIALITY CHEMICALS PRIVATE LIMITED
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- A (For all RPTs)
A (1) Basic Details of the Related Party ("RP")
A (2) Relationship and Ownership of the RP
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Name of the Related Party Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Ltd (“ASCPL”)
2 Country of the Incorporation of the related party India
3 Nature of the business of the related party ASCPL is a manufacturer and dealer, which possess a diverse portfolio 
of fine chemicals, industrial and pure chemicals, dyes and pigments 
intermediates, and allied products.
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Relationship between the listed entity/ Subsidiary 
and the related party – including nature of its concern 
(financial or otherwise) and the following:
Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited (“VASPL”) is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Valiant Laboratories Limited (“the Listed 
Entity”/“VLL”). VASPL does not hold any shares of ASCPL, the 
Related Party, either directly or indirectly.
The Related Party relationship arises due to Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP 
(“DVLLP”), Promoter of the Listed Entity holding 46.84% of its equity 
share capital, through which it exercises significant influence over the 
Listed Entity. The Designated Partners of DVLLP direct its affairs, 
including the exercise of the voting rights attaching to its holding in the 
Listed Entity. They are accordingly persons having significant influence 
over the Listed Entity within the meaning of Ind AS 24 – Related Party 
Disclosures. The said Designated Partners, together with the other 
members of the Gogri family, hold, in the aggregate, a majority of the 
equity share capital of ASCPL and accordingly exercise joint control 
over ASCPL. ASCPL is therefore an entity that is jointly controlled 
by persons having significant influence over the Listed Entity and is 
accordingly a related party of the Listed Entity as per Ind AS 24.
As VASPL is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, ASCPL 
is also considered a Related Party for the purpose of the proposed 
transactions involving VASPL, in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Nature of Concern: Otherwise. (The concern arises from the joint control 
of ASCPL by persons having significant influence over the Listed Entity 
and VASPL).
a Shareholding of the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case 
of transaction involving the subsidiary), whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party.
VASPL, the wholly owned subsidiary of the Listed Entity, does not 
hold any equity shares or other securities, either directly or indirectly, 
in ASCPL. Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the 
subsidiary in the Related Party.
b Where the related party is a partnership firm or a sole 
proprietorship concern or a body corporate without 
share capital, then capital contribution, if any, made 
by the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary).
Not applicable, as ASCPL is a body corporate having share capital. 
Annual Report 2025-26
234


===== PAGE 462 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
c Shareholding of the related party, whether direct or 
indirect, in the listed entity/ subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary).
Explanation: Indirect shareholding shall mean 
shareholding held through any person, over which the 
listed entity/Subsidiary/ related party has control. 
While calculating indirect shareholding, shareholding 
held by relatives shall also be considered.
ASCPL does not directly hold any equity shares in VASPL. Further, 
ASCPL does not hold any shares in the Listed Entity directly and does 
not hold any shares through any person over which ASCPL has control. 
Certain shareholders of ASCPL are also designated partners/partners 
of DVLLP; however, their partnership interests in DVLLP are held by 
them in their individual capacity and are not attributable to ASCPL. 
Accordingly, there is no direct or indirect shareholding of the Related 
Party in the Listed Entity.
Further, since VLL holds 100% of the equity share capital of VASPL, 
and ASCPL has no direct or indirect shareholding in VLL through any 
person over which ASCPL has control, ASCPL does not have any direct 
or indirect shareholding in VASPL.
A (3) Details of Previous Transaction with RP:
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by 
the listed entity or subsidiary with the related party 
during the last financial year.
Nature of Transaction FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
From VASPL to ASCPL
Sale of Goods/Services 1.08
As disclosed in the table
2 Total amount of all the transactions undertaken by the 
listed entity or subsidiary with the related party in the 
current financial year up to the quarter immediately 
preceding the quarter in which the approval is sought.
Type of Transaction Date Amount  
(J in crore)
From VASPL to ASCPL
Sale of Goods/Services Upto June 30, 2026 2.42
3 Any default, if any, made by a related party concerning 
any obligation undertaken by it under a transaction or 
arrangement entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year.  
No
A (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s):
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit Committee/ 
shareholders.
1. H 50 crore towards omnibus approval for sale of goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited to 
Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2. H 2 crore towards omnibus approval for purchase of goods/
service materials and/or availing of services or other resources and 
obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited from 
Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Limited from September 28, 
2026, upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per 
the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
235
Notice

===== PAGE 463 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
3. H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and obligations by/to Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private Limited from/to Alchemie Speciality Chemicals 
Private Limited from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next 
annual general meeting held as per the provisions of Companies 
Act, 2013.
4. H 1 crore towards omnibus approval for other reimbursements 
by Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited from Alchemie 
Speciality Chemicals Private Limited from September 28, 2026, 
upto the date of the next annual general meeting held as per the 
provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
5. H 5 crore towards omnibus approval for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, Development Rights 
and Other Resources/ Obligations by Valiant Advanced Sciences 
Private Limited to Alchemie Speciality Chemicals Private Limited 
from September 28, 2026, upto the date of the next annual general 
meeting held as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013.
2 Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the related 
party during the current financial year would render 
the proposed transaction a material RPT?
Yes. The proposed transactions exceed the applicable materiality 
threshold under Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
including the threshold applicable to transactions involving an unlisted 
subsidiary. The proposed transactions of H59 crore exceed 10% of 
VASPL’s annual standalone turnover of H41.65 crore for FY 2025-26, 
i.e. H4.16 crore, and also exceed the materiality threshold of the Listed 
Entity of H23.75 crore (10% of the annual consolidated turnover of 
H237.47 crore for FY 2025-26).
3 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the listed entity’s annual consolidated turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year
N.A. as listed entity is not a party to the transactions.
4 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of a 
transaction involving the subsidiary and where the 
listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
Based on the annual standalone turnover of the subsidiary of H41.65 
crore for FY 2025-26:
1. for sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations –120.05%
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations –4.80%
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations -2.40%
4. for other reimbursements-2.40%
5. for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligation- 12.00%
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H59 crore) –141.66 % of the 
standalone turnover of the Subsidiary.
Annual Report 2025-26
236


===== PAGE 464 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
5 Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage of 
the related party’s annual consolidated turnover (if 
consolidated turnover is not available, calculation to 
be made on standalone turnover of related party) for 
the immediately preceding financial year, if available.
Based on the annual standalone turnover of ASCPL of H 91.66 crore for 
FY 2024-25: (Not available for FY 2025-26 as the financial statements are 
not prepared as on the date of this notice)
1. for sale of goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations – 54.55%
2. for purchase of goods/service materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations –2.18%
3. for availing or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations – 1.09%
4. for other reimbursements- 1.09 %
5. for Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations-  5.45% 
Aggregate of the proposed transactions (H59 crore) – 64.37 % of the 
standalone turnover of ASCPL for FY 2024-25.
6 Financial performance of the related party for the 
immediately preceding financial year: (Not available 
for FY 2025-26 as the financial statements are not 
prepared as on the date of this notice)
Particulars FY 2025-26  
(J in crore)
Turnover 91.66 
Profit after Tax (6.62) 
Net Worth  37.16
Explanation: The above information given on 
standalone basis. 
As disclosed in the table
A (5) Basic Details of the proposed transaction:
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
1 Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. 
sale of goods/services, purchase of goods/
services, giving loan, borrowing etc.)
1. Sale of goods/materials and/or rendering of services or other resources and 
obligations by VASPL to ASCPL.
2. Purchase of goods/materials and/or availing of services or other resources 
and obligations by VASPL from ASCPL.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations by/to 
VASPL from/to ASCPL.
4. Other Reimbursements by/from VASPL from/to ASCPL.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations by VASPL 
from ASCPL.
2 Details of each type of the proposed transaction 1. Sale of any goods/service materials and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H50.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service materials and/or availing of services or 
other resources and obligations for an amount not exceeding H2.00 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H1.00 crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an amount not exceeding H1.00 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or Acquisition of Capital Assets, Infrastructure, 
Development Rights and Other Resources/ Obligations for an amount 
not exceeding H5.00 crore.
237
Notice

===== PAGE 465 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
3 Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified)
From September 28, 2026 upto the date of the next annual general meeting held 
as per the provisions of Companies Act, 2013. (approximately 12 months)
4 Whether omnibus approval is being sought? Yes.
5 Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. If the proposed transaction will 
be executed over more than one financial year, 
provide estimated break-up financial year-wise.
For FY 2026-27 (From September 28, 
2026, upto March 31, 2027)
For FY 2027-28 (From April 1, 2027, 
upto the date of next AGM)
1. Sale of any goods/service materials 
and/or rendering of services or other 
resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H25.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service 
materials and/or availing of services 
or other resources and obligations for 
an amount not exceeding H1.00 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of services or 
other resources and obligations for an 
amount not exceeding H0.50 crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an 
amount not exceeding H0.50 crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H2.50 crore.
1. Sale of any goods/service 
materials and/or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H25.00 crore.
2. Purchase of any goods/service 
materials and/or availing of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H1.00 crore.
3. Availing or rendering of 
services or other resources and 
obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H0.50 crore.
4. Other Reimbursements for an 
amount not exceeding H0.50 
crore.
5. Transfer, Sale, Disposal or 
Acquisition of Capital Assets, 
Infrastructure, Development 
Rights and Other Resources/ 
Obligations for an amount not 
exceeding H2.50 crore.
Note: The above values are estimated based on the Company’s current business projections 
and expected operational requirements. The actual value of transactions executed in any 
particular financial year may vary depending on business needs and market conditions. 
In the event that the value of transactions in a specific financial year exceeds the 
estimated amount indicated above, the Company shall ensure that the aggregate value 
of all transactions remains within the overall limits approved by the shareholders and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
6 Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to 
be entered into are in the interest of the listed 
entity/subsidiary
The proposed Related Party Transactions are commercially beneficial to 
VASPL as they are intended to facilitate the efficient conduct of its business 
operations through the sale and purchase of goods/materials, availing 
and rendering of services and other business support transactions with 
ASCPL. These transactions are expected to facilitate operational efficiency, 
optimum utilisation of resources, cost optimisation, business continuity 
and commercial synergies between VASPL and ASCPL.
The transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course 
of business and on an arm’s length basis, on terms comparable to those 
available from or offered to unrelated third parties, as applicable. The 
proposed transactions are expected to support the business operations 
and growth of VASPL and contribute to its financial performance, thereby 
being in the overall interest of the Listed Entity and its stakeholders.
7. Details of the promoter(s)/ director(s) / key 
managerial personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether directly 
or indirectly.
Explanation: Indirect interest shall mean 
interest held through any person over which an 
individual has control.
Dhanvallabh Ventures LLP (“DVLLP”), a Promoter entity of the Company 
holding 46.84% of the equity share capital of the Company, is controlled by 
its Designated Partners, who are persons having significant influence over 
the Listed Entity and, together with the other members of the Gogri family, 
exercise joint control over ASCPL. Accordingly, DVLLP may be deemed to 
be interested in the proposed transactions.
Except as stated above, none of the other Promoters, Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company and their respective relatives is 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the proposed transactions
Annual Report 2025-26
238


===== PAGE 466 =====
Sr. No. Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
a. Name of the directors/KMP None of the directors/KMP of the listed entity have interest in the 
transaction, directly or indirectly.
b. Shareholding of the director / KMP, whether 
direct or indirect, in the related party
NA
8. A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any, shall be placed before the Audit 
Committee
NA
9. Other information relevant for decision making None.
Minimum Information to be provided - PART- B (Information to be provided for specific type of RPTs)
B (1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any other similar 
business transaction and trade advances
Particulars of the Information Information provided by the Management
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for choosing a 
party for sale, purchase or supply of goods or services.
The transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course of business on an 
arm’s length basis and on standard commercial terms. Given the nature of 
the arrangements and ongoing business requirements, no separate bidding 
or tendering process is considered necessary.
Basis of determination of price. Pricing is determined based on prevailing market prices and comparable 
terms offered by unrelated parties for similar goods and services.
In case of Trade advance (of upto 365 days or such 
period for which such advances are extended as per 
normal trade practice), if any, proposed to be extended 
to the related party in relation to the transaction, specify 
the following:
N.A.
a. Amount N.A.
b. Tenure N.A.
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? N.A.
239
Notice

===== PAGE 467 =====
Annexure - VII
Details of the Directors seeking appointment / re-appointment at the Annual General Meeting, furnished in terms of Regulation 
36 of the Listing Regulations and the information required under the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2).
Name of the Director Mr. Santosh Vora Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Sandeep Gupta
Director Identification 
Number (DIN)
07633923 09505883 07633852 09245060
Date of Birth 25-07-1994 20-10-1982 05-11-1952 08-12-1970
Age 32 years 43 years 73 years 55 years
Date of appointment/ 
reappointment on the 
Board
06-02-2022 16-02-2022 16-08-2021 23-02-2023
Qualifications, Experience 
and expertise in specific 
functional areas 
As disclosed in Item 
No. 9 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of 
the AGM Notice.
As disclosed in Item No. 
10 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of 
the AGM Notice.
As disclosed in Item No. 
12 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) of 
the AGM Notice.
As disclosed in Item No. 
14 of the Explanatory 
Statement (Annexure I) 
of the AGM Notice.
Remuneration last drawn 
(including sitting fees, if 
any)
Rs.27 Lakhs per annum 
+ 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company amounting 
to Rs. 11,447.75/-
Sitting fees of Rs. 50,000/- 
during Financial Year 
2025-26
Sitting fees of Rs. 50,000/- 
during Financial Year 2025-
26 + 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company amounting to 
Rs. 11,447.75/-
Sitting fees of Rs. 
25,000/- during Financial 
Year 2025-26
Remuneration proposed to 
be paid
Rs.32 Lakhs per annum 
+ 0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company (Calculated 
as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.) + 
Perquisites & Other Benefits
0.25% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company. (Calculated 
as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits of 
the Company. (Calculated 
as per Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated net profits 
of the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.)
Terms and Conditions 
of appointment / 
reappointment
Re-appointment as 
Managing Director of the 
Company for a period of 
five (5) years, not liable to 
retire by rotation.
Re-appointment as an 
Independent Director 
of the Company for a 
second term of five (5) 
consecutive years, not 
liable to retire by rotation.
Continuation of 
directorship as a 
Non-Executive Non-
Independent Director with 
effect from November 05, 
2027, liable to retire by 
rotation.
Re-appointment as a 
Non-Executive Director, 
liable to retire by 
rotation.
Relationship with other 
Directors, Manager and 
other Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company
Son of Mr. Shantilal 
Vora (Non-Executive 
Non-Independent 
Director); related to the 
other Promoters of the 
Company.  Mr. Santosh 
Vora is a Promoter.
None. Father of Mr. Santosh 
Vora (Managing Director); 
related to the other 
Promoters of the Company.  
Mr. Shantilal Vora is a 
Promoter.
None. 
Number of meetings of the 
Board attended during the 
Financial Year 2025-26 (out 
of the total meetings held 
during his / her tenure 
i.e. 6)
6 (Six) 5 (Five) 6 (Six) 5 (Five)
Directorships held in other 
companies
1. Valiant Organics 
Limited 
2. Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private 
Limited
1. Valiant Organics 
Limited 
2. Valiant Advanced 
Sciences Private 
Limited
None None
Annual Report 2025-26
240


===== PAGE 468 =====
Name of the Director Mr. Santosh Vora Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Sandeep Gupta
Memberships/ 
Chairmanships of 
committees of other 
companies
Valiant Organics Limited: 
• Member of 
Nomination and 
Remuneration 
Committee
Valiant Organics Limited: 
• Member of Audit 
Committee 
None None
Names of Listed 
Companies from which the 
Director has resigned in 
the past three years
None Purple Finance Limited 
- resigned from the 
position of Chief Financial 
Officer with effect from 
03-02-2025. 
She has not resigned from 
the directorship of any 
listed entity during the 
past three years. 
None None
No. of shares held in the 
Company
40,73,987 equity shares 40,73,987 equity shares Nil
241
Notice

===== PAGE 469 =====
ANNEXURE VIII TO THE NOTICE
Statement containing additional information as required under item (iv) of the third proviso to Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013
I. General Information:
 1. Nature of industry: Pharmaceuticals/API (Paracetamol manufacturing) 
 2. Date or expected date of commencement of commercial production: The Company is an existing company and has been in commercial production since August 16, 2021. 
 3. In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial institutions appearing in the prospectus:  Not applicable, as the 
Company is an existing company.
 4. Financial performance based on given indicators (J in Lakhs):
Particulars Standalone Consolidated
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Revenue from Operations 21,704.25 13,336.18 23,746.75 13,338.20
Profit/loss before Depreciation, Finance Costs, Exceptional items and Tax 
Expense
1,007.09 75.21 871.05 75.53
Profit /loss before Exceptional items and Tax Expense 754.79 (144.78) 76.82 (151.26)
Profit /(loss) for the year 554.82 (215.02) (326.79) (220.12)
 5. Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: Nil
II. Information about Managing Director, Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer and Non-Executive Director:
Sr. 
No. Particulars Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Paresh Shah Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Sandeep Gupta Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Ashok Chheda
1. Background details As disclosed in the Explanatory Statement (Annexure I) of the AGM Notice
2. Past Remuneration Rs. 27 Lakhs per annum + 0.5% 
of the annual consolidated 
net profits of the Company 
amounting to Rs. 11,447.75/-
Rs. 15 Lakhs per 
annum + 0.5% of the 
annual consolidated 
net profits of the 
Company amounting 
to Rs. 11,447.75/-
Sitting fees of Rs. 
50,000 during 
Financial Year 
2025-26 + 0.5% 
of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company 
amounting to Rs. 
11,447.75/-
Sitting fees of Rs. 
25,000/- during 
Financial Year 
2025-26
Sitting fees of Rs. 
57,500/- during 
Financial Year 
2025-26
Sitting fees of Rs. 
50,000/- during 
Financial Year 
2025-26
Sitting fees of Rs. 
37,500/- during 
Financial Year 
2025-26
3. Recognition or awards None
Annual Report 2025-26
242


===== PAGE 470 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars Mr. Santosh Vora Mr. Paresh Shah Mr. Shantilal Vora Mr. Sandeep Gupta Mr. Mulesh Savla Mrs. Sonal Vira Mr. Ashok Chheda
4. Job profile and his 
suitability
He looks after overall 
management of the company 
and plays a key role in the 
various growth initiatives of 
the company. He specializes in 
development of new products 
and getting new chemistries. 
He also looks after process 
optimization. In addition to the 
technical acumen, he possesses 
a key understanding of financial 
and commercial aspects of 
pharma and chemical industry
He oversees factory 
operations and 
legal matters of 
the Company and 
is responsible for 
financial activities 
including budgeting, 
forecasting, working 
capital management, 
and project financing
He provides 
strategic guidance 
and mentorship 
to the leadership 
team as a Non-
Executive Director
He continues to 
provide valuable 
insights and strategic 
guidance to the 
Board in discharging 
its responsibilities 
effectively.
He serves 
on various 
Committees of 
the Company 
and continues to 
provide valuable 
guidance, an 
independent 
perspective and 
strategic inputs 
to the Board in 
discharging its 
responsibilities 
effectively.
She serves on 
various Committees 
of the Board, and 
her professional 
experience and 
financial acumen 
enable her to provide 
valuable insights 
and guidance to 
the Board and its 
Committees in 
matters relating to 
governance, risk 
management and 
strategic decision-
making.
He is a member 
of the Audit 
Committee of 
the Board and 
continues to 
provide valuable 
guidance and 
an independent 
perspective to 
the Board in 
discharging its 
responsibilities 
effectively.
5. Remuneration proposed Rs. 32 Lakhs per annum + 0.5% 
of the annual consolidated 
net profits of the Company 
(Calculated as per Section 198 
of the Companies Act, 2013.) + 
Perquisites & Other Benefits
Rs. 20 Lakhs per 
annum + 0.5% of the 
annual consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.) + Perquisites 
& Other Benefits
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
0.5% of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
0.25% of the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
0.25% of 
the annual 
consolidated 
net profits of 
the Company. 
(Calculated as per 
Section 198 of the 
Companies Act, 
2013.)
6. Comparative 
remuneration profile with 
respect to industry, size of 
the company, profile of the 
position and person
Comparable with peers in the 
pharmaceutical industry for 
similarly sized listed entities.
Comparable 
with peers in the 
pharmaceutical 
industry for similarly 
sized listed entities.
The proposed remuneration by way of commission to Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors 
is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 and Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 and is 
aligned with prevailing industry practices.
7. Pecuniary relationship 
directly or indirectly with 
the Company or relationship 
with the managerial 
personnel, if any
Promoter of the Company; 
related to other promoter 
directors.
Member of the 
Promoter Group of 
the Company.
Promoter of the 
Company; related 
to other promoter 
directors.
The Director does not have any pecuniary relationship, directly or indirectly, with 
the Company or its managerial personnel except the receipt of sitting fees and the 
proposed remuneration by way of commission.
243
Notice

===== PAGE 471 =====
III. Other Information: 
 1. Reasons for Loss or Inadequate Profits: The Company reported a profit on a standalone basis for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026. The approval is accordingly being sought pursuant to Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies 
Act, 2013, both in respect of the said financial year and as an enabling provision to permit payment of remuneration in the 
event of absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial year during the tenure of appointment / the period for which 
remuneration is proposed to be paid. 
 2. Steps Taken or Proposed for Improvement: Not applicable 
 3. Expected Increase in Productivity and Profits in Measurable Terms: Not applicable 
IV. Further Remuneration related disclosures under Corporate Governance Section: 
 All relevant information as required under Section II of Part II of Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 has been disclosed in the 
Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of the Annual Report for the Financial Year 2025-26.
Annual Report 2025-26
244


===== PAGE 472 =====


===== PAGE 473 =====
Registered Address 
104, 1st Floor, Udyog Kshetra, Above Krishna Motors, 
Near D-mart, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, 
Mulund (West), Mumbai – 400 080
Corporate Office Address 
701-A, Tower B, Embassy 247 Park,  
LBS Road, Vikhroli (West),  
Mumbai – 400083. 
Mobile: +91-22-4971 2001 
Hotline: 4971 7220,4971 7221 
marketing@valiantlabs.in