

===== PAGE 1 =====
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,Exchange
Plaza, PIor No. C/1, G B'ioch Br"d.J;;l;;ffit.r,
Bandra (EastJ,
Mumbai -400051
NSE Scrip Symbot: MTNAVEER
Kind Attd.: Listing Department.
To
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeel'eebhoy Towers,2 1.t Floor,
Dalal Street, Mumbai _ 400001
BSE Scrip Code:543978
Kind Attn.: Corporate Relationship Department.
mber,2025
Kindly take the same on you records.
ThankingYou
Yours faithfully,
For Ratnaveer precision Engineering Limited
Viiay Sanghavi
Managing Director
DIN:OO495922
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulations-3+t1l(al of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure RequirementsJ Regulations, 2015("Listing Regulations")' as amended form time to time, please fina enclosed herewith, copy of Annuar Report for thefinancial year ZOZ -Z1 of Z3,d Annuaf C"r..ul fr4".ting ;f the fr4.rrf ..l 
"f the Company comprising inter_alia, Noticeof the 23'a Annuar Generar Meeting rAGMr;;;_: cr,r'prry_gor;Jt-^n.pr., arong-witi rtr,fnn.rur.s, ManagementDiscussion & Analysis' Report on c*p#," irrernance, arong with Independent Auditors Report on standaroneFinancial statements' auaitea Finan;iai i1;ments including cash Frow Statement both on standarone andconsolidated basis and relent Notes u*rJ',.a iir..eto etc. scheduled to be held on Thursday, 25th Septemb er, z02s
fi[il:J#;it?:f,:,lji??f,T:ffi::T-#l:ii:"T:iL:x1,"';;j;.,,, (",AVM;j i;e iin,,rn"po* is a,so
RAT]IAUEER PREGISIOI{ EilGI]{EERI]{G LIMITED
(Formerly Known as RATNAVEER METALS LtMITED)
Plant : E-77, G.l.D.C. Savli (Manjusar), Dist. Vadodara - 391776. (Gujarat) India.
Office : 703 & 704, "Ocean", Vikram Sarabhai Campus, Vadi Wadi, Vadodara-390023.
P :8 +91 2667 264594 I 264595 0:E+91-8487878075
Date-25.09.202s
Time-03:00 p.m. [tST]
Through Video Confeience / Other Audio VisualMeansCut-off date f". "rrti rnursday, tg* septemGiTozsRemote e-voting start tim.,-ay rna nrt. 2:9Qa.m.ttsrl,uo@Remote e-uoting endllrn.,;t;nd D;tu p.m. [lST], Wednesday, 24th September,5:00
2025E-voting -Limited-(formerly known Link Intime tnaia prirate https,//instauote.l irt,i ntinreio.t n
CIN:127108GJ2002P1C040488 Web:www.ratnaveer.com
Sub: SUBMITI0N oF NOTICE oF THE z,3xD ANNUAL GENERAT^MEp11ry5 [AGM) AND ANNUALnsponr ron rHr rlNaNctal vran 20'a-zs or MTNAVEER'pnrclsroru rrvcrr,rriiiuc rrMrrED (THECOMPANY) PURSUANT TO REGULANOTT; AND ALt OTHER;PPLICABTE REGUIATI,N', IF ANY, oF THESEBI IIODR) REGULATIONS, 2015, AS AUTTVOND FROM TIME TO TIME.

===== PAGE 2 =====


===== PAGE 3 =====
02-31
Corporate Overview
32-96
97-151
98 Standalone Financial Statements
32 Notice
44 Management Discussion and Analysis
55 Board’s Report
Statutory Reports
Financial Statements
To view the report online, log in to
Website : www.ratnaveer.com
Mr. Vijay R Sanghvi 
Managing Director
Contents
02 Our Story
04 Geographical Footprint
06 MD’s Message
08 Sustained Financial Momentum
10 Highlights of Our Journey
12 Diverse Offerings, Unified Vision
16 Diverse Application of Washers
18 Our Core Values
19 Our Core Value Drivers
21 Quality-First Approach
23 Our People and Culture
25  Our Commitment to the Environment
26  Building Stronger Communities
28  Key Managerial Personnel
30 Awards and Accolades
31 Corporate Information
Our decision to expand into the 
fastener segment marks the 
beginning of a new chapter. 
This expansion represents a 
thoughtful diversification into a 
segment that complements our 
core strengths and will enable us 
to serve a broader clientele. This 
move will enable us to augment 
our impact without loosing sight 
of the precision and quality of 
the work that we do. Backed 
by notable investment, this 
expansion extends beyond a 
mere business decision, it reflects 
where we are headed in the years 
to come.
Looking ahead, we remain 
focused on moving forward 
with purpose. We will continue 
to embrace opportunities that 
complement our foundation 
and adapt to the evolving needs 
of the industry. With each new 
move, we are adding depth, reach 
and resilience to who we are.
This year our journey has been guided by the 
ideas of Innovation, Expansion and Diversification. 
Anchored in manufacturing excellence, we 
continued to innovate and push the boundaries 
of what we can deliver, without compromising 
on the precision and quality that sets us apart.
As we enter FY 2025–26, our focus remains 
firmly on strengthening our position 
in the global stainless steel market. We 
plan to adopt advanced technologies for 
demand forecasting, enhance inventory 
management, expand our global supplier 
network, and develop strategic partnerships 
in shipping and logistics. These measures 
will further streamline and strengthen our 
supply chain.

===== PAGE 4 =====
Founded in 2002 in Savli, Gujarat, Ratnaveer 
began with a focused ambition—building a 
trusted stainless steel components company 
with the technical depth to scale globally. Today, 
Ratnaveer is among India’s largest manufacturers 
of stainless-steel washers, with a production 
capacity of 30,000 MTPA and a comprehensive 
portfolio of products that comprises finishing 
sheets, solar mounting hooks, tubes and pipes.
What sets Ratnaveer apart is its vertically integrated manufacturing 
model. From melting scrap in-house to producing high-precision 
finished products, each stage of the process is monitored and controlled 
internally. This integration provides operational flexibility, reduces lead 
times and ensures consistency in product quality.
Ratnaveer’s footprint spans 31 international markets, supported by 
a strong domestic presence in western and northern India. With 
over 2,500 SKUs of washers and a range of high-grade stainless-
steel products, Ratnaveer serves sectors including automotive, 
infrastructure, renewable energy and industrial engineering.
Our vision
We aspire to be the most 
respected, truly Indian 
Multinational Organization 
and the most preferred 
business partner in the 
entire globe.
At a Glance
Production Facilities  
5 units across Savli,  
Waghodia and Ahmedabad
Certifications 
ISO 9001:2015, ISO 
14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018
Product Range  
Stainless steel washers, 
tubes and pipes, finishing 
sheets, solar roofing hooks
Global Presence  
Exporting to Europe 
(UK, Germany, Spain, 
Netherlands), the Middle 
East and other regions
Manufacturing Capacity 
30,000 MTPA
Awards  
Recognised as a Star Export 
House and multiple-time 
recipient of EEPC Star 
Performer Award
With a forward-looking mindset and steady investment in R&D, we continue to cement 
our position as a preferred industrial partner with an emphasis on consistent delivery, 
product reliability and design flexibility.
Our Story
Annual Report 2024-25
02
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
03
Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01

===== PAGE 5 =====
Geographical Footprint
We have established a strong presence across domestic and 
international markets. We have strategically built our manufacturing 
network to serve high-growth industrial corridors in India. Further, 
our export footprint spans multiple key global regions.
Domestic Presence
Offices:
 Chennai
 Mumbai
 Delhi
 Bengaluru
 Hyderabad
 Pune
Manufacturing Units
 Unit I: Savli (Manjusar), 
Vadodara – Production 
of washers and finishing 
sheets
 Unit II: Savli (Manjusar), 
Vadodara – Stainless steel 
tubes and pipes
 Unit III: Waghodia, 
Vadodara – Melting unit 
(scrap to ingots)
 Unit IV: Vatva, 
Ahmedabad – Rolling unit 
(ingots to sheets)
 Unit V :  Samlay,  
Vadadara, -(Wire)
Europe
 Germany
 United Kingdom
 Netherlands
 Spain
 Italy
 France
 Austria
 Switzerland
 Portugal
North America
 United States
Middle East and Africa
 United Arab Emirates
 Saudi Arabia
 Other GCC and African regions
International Trade Footprint
Export Markets Import Sources
Asia
 Japan
 South Korea
 Taiwan
 China
Subsidiary Presence
 Ratnaveer 
StainlessInox LLC 
(Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary)
 Ahmedabad
 Kolkata
 Kochi
 Thiruvananthapuram
 Lucknow
 Kanpur
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
0504
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 6 =====
MD’s Message
Dear Shareholders,
The year gone by has been one 
of steady progress for Ratnaveer 
Precision Engineering Limited, even 
as we navigated challenges such 
as global inflationary pressures 
and fluctuations in raw material 
prices. Throughout, we remained 
firmly focused on delivering high-
quality products and creating value 
for our customers. By enhancing 
operational efficiencies, entering 
new markets, and expanding our 
stainless steel product portfolio, 
we not only met the demands of 
and environmentally sustainable. 
While certain challenges remain, 
we are optimistic about the road 
ahead. With the global increase 
in infrastructure development, 
Ratnaveer is well-positioned to 
seize emerging opportunities and 
continue its growth trajectory.
Financial Highlights and 
Growth Drivers
In FY 2024-25, our Company 
successfully adapted to a dynamic 
business environment, capitalising 
on market opportunities while 
FY 2024-25 was marked by several 
operational achievements that 
further solidified Ratnaveer Precision 
Engineering Limited’s leadership in the 
stainless steel segment, particularly in 
washers. Investments in advanced CNC 
equipment and predictive maintenance 
systems helped reduce unplanned 
downtime by over 20 percent.
today but also laid the foundation 
for the future. The dedication and 
adaptability of our team have been 
key in helping us achieve significant 
milestones and prepare for the 
opportunities ahead.
The stainless steel industry 
continues to benefit from strong 
demand across various sectors, 
including construction, automotive, 
food and beverage, and medical 
equipment. Ongoing advances in 
manufacturing technologies and 
recycling processes are making 
stainless steel more competitive 
strengthening our operational base. 
Our revenue from operations grew 
significantly to ₹891.87 crores, up 
from ₹595.37 crores in FY 2023-24, 
marking a 49.80% increase. This 
growth was fuelled by higher export 
volumes, expanded production 
capacity, and a sharpened focus on 
premium, value-added products.
Though we did face intermittent 
margin pressures, prudent cost 
management and a strong focus 
on operational efficiency helped 
us sustain profitability. Our EBITDA 
stood at ₹90.42 crores, profit after tax 
(PAT) at ₹46.81 crores, and net sales 
at ₹891.87 crores, reflecting financial 
stability despite external headwinds.
Across our product lines, including 
stainless steel washers, tubes, pipes, 
sheets, and flanges, performance 
remained steady. Industrial demand 
was particularly strong for washers 
and flanges, while export markets 
saw increased traction for our 
pipes and tubes. Our continued 
emphasis on high-margin, value-
added products supported 
segment growth and reinforced our 
leadership position.
Operational Excellence and 
Market Leadership
FY 2024-25 was marked by several 
operational achievements that 
further solidified Ratnaveer 
Precision Engineering Limited’s 
leadership in the stainless steel 
segment, particularly in washers. 
Investments in advanced CNC 
equipment and predictive 
maintenance systems helped 
reduce unplanned downtime by 
over 20 percent. The deployment of 
automated inventory management 
and digital quality-testing platforms 
contributed to lower carrying costs 
and significantly reduced rejection 
rates. Our energy-management 
initiatives resulted in about 10 
percent reduction in power 
consumption per unit, enhancing 
both efficiency and cost-savings.
We continued to broaden our 
export footprint, diversify our 
product portfolio, and enter 
high-growth industry segments. 
Automation, process re-engineering 
and a more efficient production 
workflow contributed to improved 
productivity. Simultaneously, 
securing long-term raw material 
contracts and implementing waste-
reduction measures helped bring 
down manufacturing costs by an 
estimated 8 percent year-on-year.
We have initiated Phase II of our 
capital expenditure programme, 
amounting to ₹67.80 crore, which 
will be deployed over FY 2025–26. 
This investment is aimed at 
expanding manufacturing capacity, 
enhancing automation across 
critical processes, and supporting 
long-term growth in export and 
value-added product segments.
Advancing Sustainability and 
Responsible Practices
Sustainability remains central to 
our operations. We are committed 
to dedicated to minimising our 
environmental footprint while 
contributing meaningfully to the 
communities we serve. Through 
partnerships with local trusts 
and societies, we actively support 
initiatives across sports, health, 
education, and environmental 
conservation. Our vision for growth 
remains anchored in responsibility 
and social impact. 
On the environment front, we have 
strengthened our waste management 
practices by recycling stainless steel 
scrap, treating wastewater in-house, 
and employing advanced emission-
control systems. Continuous process 
improvements and energy-efficient 
upgrades have not only reduced 
our environmental impact but also 
ensured full compliance with all 
relevant regulations.
We also made significant strides in 
renewable energy adoption. During 
the year, we commissioned a 2 
MW rooftop solar plant and have 
begun work on an additional 2 MW 
ground-mounted solar installation, 
aiming for complete green power 
operations by 2028. Complemented 
by tree plantation drives and periodic 
sustainability audits, these initiatives 
underline our commitment to 
responsible business practices.
Our Strategy and Outlook
As we enter FY 2025–26, our focus 
remains firmly on strengthening 
our position in the global stainless 
steel market. We plan to adopt 
advanced technologies for demand 
forecasting, enhance inventory 
management, expand our global 
supplier network, and develop 
strategic partnerships in shipping 
and logistics. These measures will 
further streamline and strengthen 
our supply chain.
Geographically, we see significant 
growth potential in markets such 
as North America, Southeast Asia, 
and Latin America. By collaborating 
with local distributors, customising 
products to suit regional needs, 
and leveraging digital platforms for 
faster customer outreach, we aim 
to accelerate our global expansion. 
Expanding exports, increasing 
production of value-added products, 
and driving operational efficiency 
will remain central to our growth 
agenda.
With these strategies in place, we 
are confident of capitalising on 
emerging opportunities, delivering 
greater value to all our stakeholders, 
and sustaining our growth 
momentum in the years ahead.
On behalf of Ratnaveer Precision 
Engineering Limited, I would like 
to extend my sincere gratitude to 
our valued customers, partners, 
employees, and stakeholders for 
your unwavering support and 
trust. Your confidence has been 
instrumental in our progress and 
success over the past year.
We remain devoted to delivering 
excellence, fostering innovation, and 
creating lasting value as we move 
forward. Thank you for being an 
integral part of our journey.
Warm Regards, 
Mr. Vijay R Sanghvi 
Managing Director 
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering 
Limited
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
0706
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 7 =====
Sustained  
Financial Momentum
We have demonstrated a consistent financial 
progress over the course of past three years. This 
robust performance was facilitated by capacity 
expansion, product diversification and disciplined 
cost control. Key operating metrics such as EBITDA 
margin and EBITDA per metric ton have recorded 
meaningful improvement, reflecting enhanced 
process efficiency and product mix. Our financial 
trajectory brings to the fore our ability to scale 
while ensuring that our operations remain resilient.
Total Income 
PBT
EBITDA
Net profit
EBITDA margin
EBITDA Per Metric Ton
(₹ million)
(₹ million)
(₹ million)
(₹ million)
(%)
(₹ million)
FY 22FY 22
FY 22FY 22
FY 22FY 22
4284.72134.50
290.5994.76
6.7814,716
FY 23FY 23
FY 23FY 23
FY 23FY 23
4811.45307.12
470.21250.44
9.8024,709
6024390.93
570.04310.50
9.5724,763
FY 24FY 24
FY 24FY 24
FY 24FY 24
FY 25FY 25
FY 25FY 25
FY 25FY 25
8959.10606.53 
904.23468.16
10.0924788
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
0908
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 8 =====
Highlights of 
Our Journey
2009
2013
It commenced 
operations from the 
melting unit (UnitIII) 
at Waghodia, 
Vadodara
Annual turnover 
of ₹ 200 crore
2002 2010 2016
The Company 
incorporated 
and started 
producing 
SS washers 
from Unit-I
The production 
of finishing line 
sheets began 
at Unit-I
The Company 
acquired the UnitII 
on a sub-lease basis 
for the production of 
SS Tubes and Pipes
2022
20242017
It achieved a growth 
exceeding 50% in 
its export turnover 
compared to the 
export turnover 
recorded in FY 2021
Ratnaveer Precision 
Engineering Limited 
Crossed the Annual 
Turnover of Rs 800 
Crore and achieve the 
desired Turnover and 
the Company began 
production of wire 
The production 
of SS tubes and 
pipes began 
at Unit-II
2021
2023
The Company 
crossed the 
annual turnover 
of ₹ 350 crore
Ratnaveer Precision 
Engineering became the 
first company to make 
a T+3 listing on NSE. 
The Company’s IPO got 
subscribed 93.99 times.
Annual Report 2024-25
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
10 11
Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 9 =====
Diverse Offerings, 
Unified Vision
We offer a broad spectrum of stainless-steel products, which cater 
to diverse industrial needs. Our product lines draw strength from 
integrated manufacturing, which enables responsiveness to demand, 
consistent quality and improved cost efficiencies. Key performance 
indicators are monitored across product categories to track growth, 
volume, profitability and market reach.
Stainless Steel Fasteners
With over 2,500 SKUs, we are 
among the largest stainless steel 
washer manufacturers in India. The 
washer segment serves industries, 
such as automotive, railways, 
defence and solar power.
2,158 MT 
2,500+
7%
1,833 MT
Annual Volume
No. of SKUs
Share of Revenue (FY25)
Export Volume
Variants
Plain / Flat
Tooth (Internal and External)
Circlips
Spring
Retaining Rings
Nord-Lock Type
Applications
 Used to distribute loads 
 Prevent loosening
 Absorb vibration in high 
performance assemblies.
Stainless Steel Tubes and Pipes
Tubes and pipes are manufactured 
in welded and seamless formats, 
with options for electro-polishing 
and bright annealing.
6,000 MT 
1,246+
21
Annual Capacity
Volume Produced (FY25)
Export Countries Served
Variants
Round, Square, Rectangular and 
U-Tubes
Finishes: Mill, Bright 
Annealed, Electro-Polished
Grades: Austenitic, Ferritic,  
Martensitic, Duplex, Super Duplex
Applications
 Oil and gas, water treatment
 Food processing
 Pharmaceuticals
 Power plants
 Automotive.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
1312
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 10 =====
Stainless Steel Finishing Sheets
Finishing sheets are produced with 
surface customisation to serve 
architecture, transportation and 
consumer goods.
29,000 MT 
32,000 MT
Europe, 
Middle 
East 
Installed Finishing Line 
Capacity 
Volume Sold (FY25)
Key Export Regions Finishes
Satin
Scotch-Brite
Hairline
Mirror
Applications
 Elevators
 Architectural cladding
 Kitchen equipment
 Process plants
 Residential and commercial 
solar PV systems.
Stainless Steel Scrap Reprocessing
Our backward integration model 
encompasses the process of melting 
scrap into ingots and rolling it into 
sheets for washer production.
SS Scrap Metals, made from 
recycled stainless steel are valued 
for their durability and corrosion 
resistance. They are widely used 
in producing new stainless 
steel products, such as kitchen 
appliances, automotive parts, 
construction materials, and medical 
equipment. Recycling SS scrap 
helps reduce waste, conserve 
resources, and lower production 
costs, supporting sustainable 
manufacturing across various 
industries
Benefits
Lowers raw material 
dependency
Enables cost control and 
sustainability
Aligns with circular economy 
practices
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
1514
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 11 =====
Diverse Application 
of Washers
At first sight, a washer may appear unremarkable. A simple flat and 
round component modest in form. Yet, this understated shape enables 
essential engineering functions across a wide array of industries. 
Washers are precision-built components that ensure reliability, safety 
and performance in every assembly they serve.
Automotive and Transport Systems
Renewable Energy Installations
Industrial Machinery and Manufacturing Lines
Construction and Infrastructure
Oil and Gas and Petrochemical Sectors
Food, Pharma and Cleanroom Equipment
We offer over 2,500 SKUs of 
washers, tailored to industry-
specific needs with options 
spanning material grades, surface 
finishes and dimensional standards.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
1716
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 12 =====
Open Book 
Management Style
360 Degree 
Performance 
Management
Training Coaching & 
Mentoring
Reward & Applaud
Knowledge Sharing
Safe, Healthy & 
Happy Work Place
Fair Evaluation 
System For 
Employees
Our Core Values Our Core 
Value Drivers
At the core of our value creation approach lie operational integration, 
diversified product lines and a disciplined approach to execution. 
By leveraging this approach, we ensure long-term value creation 
for our stakeholders. We combine technical capability with supply 
chain control to deliver stainless steel solutions that cater to both 
standardised and niche industrial applications. Our strengths reflect 
a balance of backward integration, agility in product development, 
financial consistency and a steadily expanding global presence.
Integrated and Synergistic 
Operations
We operate a closed-loop 
production model with backward 
integration at its foundation. Scrap 
generated during production is 
processed internally into ingots and 
sheets, feeding directly into finished 
product lines. This model ensures 
material availability, process stability 
and greater control over input costs.
 Scrap from Unit I is reprocessed 
at Unit III and rolled at Unit IV.
 Enables cost optimisation and 
reduces reliance on third-party 
raw material.
Consistent Financial Growth
Over the course several years, our 
business has witnessed steady 
growth in revenue, profitability 
and capital efficiency. Integrated 
operations, enhanced product mix 
and process discipline have led to 
heightened margins. Our sustained 
upward financial trend supports 
capacity investments and long-term 
planning. 
Revenue rose from ₹ 5953.79 million 
in FY24 to ₹8918.78 million in FY25
 PAT margin expanded from 5.21 
% to 5.23 % over the same period
 ROCE and ROE in FY25 were 
12.66 % and 15.03 %, respectively
Wide Product Portfolio
Extending beyond washers, we now 
offer a comprehensive stainless-
steel portfolio catering to several 
end use industries. The wide array 
of SKUs, sizes and finishes allows 
us to serve both mass-market and 
customised requirements. This 
depth of our portfolio bolsters 
customer engagement and revenue 
diversity. 
 2,500+ SKUs of washers; multiple 
variants of tubes, pipes, sheets.
 Product finishes include mirror, 
scotch-brite, hairline, satin
 Applications span automotive, 
infrastructure, pharma and 
energy
Focused R&D and Custom 
Development
We operate an in-house R&D unit, 
which plays an instrumental role in 
advancing product innovation and 
augmenting tooling efficiency. The 
team works closely with customers 
to comprehend evolving application 
requirements and effectively 
incorporate them into functional 
designs. This setup expedites 
development cycles and product 
customisation.
 R&D lab located at Unit I; in-
house tool and mould design
 Enables adaptation to market-
specific dimensions and finishes
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
1918
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 13 =====
 Focus on expanding SKUs and 
entering adjacent product 
niches
Diverse and Expanding 
Customer Base
Our clientele comprises a broad 
spectrum of domestic and global 
customers. It includes OEMs, 
distributors and stockists. The 
diverse client base enabling flexible 
go-to-market strategies and 
minimises concentration risks. 
 Customers in Germany, UK, 
Spain, Netherlands, UAE
 Top 10 customers contributed 
~72% of revenue in FY25
 Balance across domestic sales 
and global distribution networks
Experienced Leadership
Leadership combines industry 
experience with execution-led 
growth. The role of our Promoter 
has been instrumental in directing 
our evolution from a single-
product business to a multi-vertical 
enterprise. Strategic decisions 
around capacity, exports and 
integration reflect seasoned 
management oversight.
 Key driver behind expansion of 
Unit II for tubes and pipes
 Recognised by EEPC, Mercer and 
Dun and Bradstreet for industry 
contribution
Quality Assurance Across 
Processes
We ensure rigorous inspection at 
every step, from raw material intake 
to final packaging. The Company 
is ISO-certified across quality, 
environment and occupational 
health and employs skilled 
inspectors and modern equipment. 
This ensures product consistency 
and low rejection rates.
 Certified under ISO 9001:2015, 
14001:2015 and 45001:2018
 Utilises digital gauges, hardness 
testers and spectrometers
 Final output undergoes manual 
inspection prior to dispatch
Technology Integration for 
Efficiency
We leverage automation, real-time 
monitoring and plant-level digital 
tools to enhance productivity. This 
minimise the scope of manual 
errors, optimises asset utilisation 
and supports scalable operations. In 
addition, upcoming investments in 
clean energy and process tech will 
further augment unit economics.
 Automation and software 
integration for plant workflows
 Commissioning of a 4 MW solar 
plant to offset energy cost
 Greater control over output 
quality and cycle times
Quality-First 
Approach
At Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Ltd., quality is not a 
final checkpoint. It is a mindset that we embed throughout 
the manufacturing lifecycle. From raw material selection 
to final packaging, every process is governed by clearly 
defined standards, precise execution and a commitment 
towards delivering reliability. In a segment where precision 
and durability are non-negotiable, our approach to quality 
sets the foundation for customer trust and repeat business.
Certified systems
Globally recognised quality and compliance frameworks govern the operations of our manufacturing 
sites. This ensures that our internal controls are both systematised and independently validated. These 
certifications are not treated as mere static badges, they actively influence everyday decisions, maintenance 
protocols and employee accountability.
ISO 9001:2015 
Guides quality management and 
continual improvement
CE Certification BIS Certification
ISO 14001:2015 
Reflects environmentally 
responsible operations
ISO 45001:2018 
Ensures safe working 
environments and risk mitigation
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
2120
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 14 =====
Every batch, every component, every shipment 
undergoes structured quality inspection. The goal is to 
prevent defects from occurring, not just detect them 
after the fact. We ensure that quality is not assumed but 
assured through a multi-tiered framework that enables 
verification, thorough documentation and routine 
auditing. 
 Incoming Inspection: By utilising spectrometers and 
hardness testers, we ensure that our raw material is 
both chemically and physically compliant.
 In-Process Monitoring: Line supervisors use 
calibrated tools and visual aids to monitor tolerances 
and detect variances in real-time
 Final Inspection: Each product is manually reviewed 
by trained inspectors to validate surface finish, 
dimensional accuracy and packaging integrity
End-to-End quality control process
Traceability and root cause 
discipline
Traceability is embedded across our 
operations. From scrap input and 
melting in Unit III to final processing 
at Unit I, each product can be 
traced back to its material lot and 
production history.
This level of traceability supports
 Expedited resolution of quality 
concerns
 Stronger compliance in export 
markets
 Improved accountability across 
teams
Quality in our process is not static it 
evolves. We invest in tools, training 
and process evaluations to drive 
sustained improvements. 
Key areas include
 Skill-building for frontline staff 
to detect and prevent quality 
deviations
 Digitalisation of inspection 
records for better analytics and 
audit-readiness
 Periodic reviews of 
manufacturing standards 
and product specifications in 
consultation with customer 
feedback
Focus on continuous 
improvement
Our approach to quality 
ensures fewer rejections, 
consistent delivery and 
products that meet application 
needs, whether it is a spring 
washer for an automotive 
component or an electro-
polished tube for a food-grade 
installation. For the Company, it 
enhances efficiency, safeguards 
brand reputation and builds 
long-term partnerships.
Why it matters
Our People 
and Culture
Our human resources play a central role in translating 
operational plans into on-ground execution. Five core priorities 
that align closely with business expansion, technology adoption 
and quality outcomes form the pillars of our HR function.
318
68%
48
Total employees
Permanent workforce
Technical Staff (Production 
and QA)
Capability 
Building
Performance 
Alignment
Talent Retention 
and Engagement
Process 
Discipline and 
Compliance
Workplace Safety 
and Well-being
Technical  
Staff  
(Production  
and QA)
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
2322
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 15 =====
Transparency, engagement and 
continuity
Employee engagement at Ratnaveer is built 
on clear communication and operational 
transparency. Employees are kept informed 
about process updates, performance 
benchmarks and improvement opportunities 
reinforcing a sense of shared responsibility.
 Regular communication on targets, quality 
issues, safety alerts
 Recognition at the shop-floor level for 
consistency and improvement
 Supervisor feedback loops and 
performance check-ins
Safety and certifications
Safety is non-negotiable in a process-
intensive environment like stainless steel 
manufacturing. Ratnaveer places significant 
emphasis on health and safety practices 
by implementing certified systems, visual 
protocols and practical preparedness across 
all units.
 ISO 45001:2018 certified systems across 
locations
 Safety drills, equipment usage audits, PPE 
compliance
 Incident logging and plant-level safety 
committees
Structured learning and skill 
development
Up skilling is embedded in our operating 
rhythm. Training is not exclusive to new 
recruits or annual refreshers, it is part of daily 
operations. This ensures that our workforce 
remains aligned with equipment, product 
quality expectations and workplace standards.
 Training on advanced machinery, 
inspection tools and safety procedures
 Periodic sessions for supervisors and 
production leads
 Use of peer-learning and process 
documentation on shop floors
Our Commitment 
to the Environment
Our operations are designed to minimise material waste and 
energy utilisation through backward integration, recycling and 
process optimisation. Further, Ratnaveer prioritises responsible 
environmental practices across its manufacturing units.
Commissioning 
of a 4 MW  
solar plant 
to reduce 
dependence  
on grid 
electricity.
In-house scrap 
reprocessing 
and material 
recovery across 
facilities.
Certified 
under ISO 
14001:2015 for 
environmental 
management
Adoption of bright 
annealing and 
electro-polishing 
processes 
with lower 
environmental 
impact
Key Initiatives
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
2524
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 16 =====
Building Stronger 
Communities
At Ratnaveer, CSR extends beyond a mere statutory 
obligation. It represents a thoughtful extension of how we 
engage with the communities and the environment in 
which we operate. We believe that growth is achieved when 
industry and society advance in tandem. We approach CSR 
as a platform to create long-term, measurable impact across 
education, health, sustainability and rural development.
Our CSR philosophy aligns with Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and is designed to address 
some of the most pressing social and environmental needs of the nation. It reflects a commitment to 
contribute to inclusive development while ensuring that our growth remains attuned to the social and 
economic realities of the communities around which we operate.
Governance and 
Policy Framework
Our CSR is guided by 
a formal policy and 
overseen by a Board-level 
CSR Committee. The 
committee comprises 
three or more directors, 
which includes at 
least one independent 
director. It is responsible 
for defining focus areas, 
approving projects, 
allocating budgets and 
monitoring outcomes.
 The CSR Policy, 
effective from April 
1, 2018, aligns with 
Schedule VII of the 
Companies Act
 The Committee meets 
at least once annually 
with additional 
meetings held as 
required
  Implementation 
partners may include 
registered trusts, 
societies, or Section 8 
companies
Focus Areas of Intervention
Our CSR efforts are targeted 
towards addressing specific 
development needs through 
structured, outcome-oriented 
interventions. These initiatives span 
healthcare, education, environment 
and culture sectors that are closely 
aligned with our values and its 
presence in local communities.
Health and Preventive Care
We actively support programmes, 
which are focused on health 
and aim to enhance public and 
community well-being. We 
have successfully contributed to 
projects that broaden the access 
to preventive healthcare services, 
awareness campaigns and 
sanitation initiatives. During the 
Covid-19 pandemic, we extended 
our support through relief activities, 
medical assistance and supply 
of essentials in affected areas. In 
addition, access to clean drinking 
water and hygiene infrastructure is 
prioritised under this category.
Education and Skill 
Development
We acknowledge the critical role 
that education plays in driving 
meaningful and lasting change. 
We have implemented steps to 
strengthen basic education and 
promote skill development among 
the underserved communities. 
Our CSR initiatives spanned 
infrastructure upgrades in schools, 
distribution of educational 
materials and financial aid through 
scholarships. In particular, we 
support the education of children 
of incarcerated parents and 
facilitate specialised training in 
communication, vocational trades 
and personal development for 
marginalised youth.
Rural and Environmental 
Development
Environmental sustainability and 
rural development represent 
another key area of focus of our CSR 
engagement. Initiatives focused 
on agroforestry, animal welfare and 
conservation of natural resources 
such as water and soil have been 
implemented. Projects are designed 
to support ecological balance and 
promote practices that beneficial 
to both local livelihoods and 
the environment. These include 
community-led efforts to restore 
green cover and maintain the 
health of natural ecosystems around 
operational areas.
Cultural Heritage and Civic 
Engagement
We consider preservation of 
the rich cultural heritage of the 
nation and encouraging civic 
responsibility integral to our CSR 
outlook. Initiatives focused on the 
promotion of Indian classical music 
and traditional arts have been 
undertaken. One notable campaign 
is the ‘Plant-a-thon’ programme, 
which encourages citizens to 
participate in city-wide tree planting 
through sapling distribution. These 
activities are intended to promote 
awareness, participation and a 
sense of shared responsibility 
toward cultural and environmental 
stewardship.
Implementation and 
Monitoring
We adopt a project-based approach 
for CSR, with clear timelines, 
implementation partners and 
defined outcomes. The CSR 
Committee reviews execution 
status, financial utilisation and 
progress of each initiative.
 Execution may be carried out 
internally or through authorised 
implementation agencies
 A transparent monitoring 
mechanism is in place to assess 
performance and compliance
 Third-party submissions (where 
applicable) are reviewed for 
consistency with approved 
deliverables
Badminton Tournament
Ratnaveer proudly sponsored a 
premier badminton tournament this 
year, reinforcing our commitment to 
promoting sports and community 
engagement. The event brought 
together talented players, 
encouraged healthy competition, 
and strengthened our brand’s 
presence among diverse audiences.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
2726
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 17 =====
Key Managerial Personnel
Mr. Babulal Sohan Lal Chaplot
Mrs. Karuna AdvaniMr. R.V. Sreeram
Whole Time Director
Independent DirectorIndependent Director
Mr. Vijay R Sanghvi
Managing Director
A commerce graduate with over 25 years of 
experience in the ferrous and non-ferrous 
metals industry. As the founding promoter 
of Ratnaveer, he leads the Company’s 
production and marketing functions, 
with a focus on export growth, product 
innovation, and customer engagement.
A Chartered Accountant and Company 
Secretary by qualification, he leads ADSS 
& Co. as a practising CA. He has worked 
with the Indian Audit and Accounts 
Department and Sun Pharmaceutical, 
and brings extensive experience in 
statutory audits, tax compliance, and 
governance. He has also served as visiting 
faculty on taxation and commercial law.
A mechanical engineer with four decades 
of industry experience across engineering, 
planning, and production functions. He 
has been associated with Ratnaveer for 
over 15 years and currently manages 
production and commercial operations.
A fellow member of ICSI and postgraduate 
in law, she is a practising Company 
Secretary since 2022 with deep expertise 
in company law, SEBI regulations, FEMA, 
and IBC. She brings valuable oversight 
in corporate governance and regulatory 
compliance.
Mr Rajash Shah
Independent Director
Mr. Vimalbhai Bokadia 
Independent Director
Mr. Umang Lalpurwala 
Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer
Mrs. Binita Verdia
Independent Director
Mr. Umeshsinh Rathod 
Non Executive Director
Holds a Ph.D. in Botany with specialisation 
in plant tissue culture from M.S. 
University, Vadodara. With over two 
decades of experience in corporate and 
NGO management, she contributes to 
CSR, sustainability, and ESG initiatives at 
the Company.
A Fellow Chartered Accountant with 
nearly 19 years of experience in banking 
and corporate finance. He brings 
expertise in corporate treasury, M&A, 
taxation, and international business. 
Currently serves as Group Head Finance at 
Dineshchandra R. Agrawal Infracon
Mr. Vimalbhai Bokadia is a B.Com. 
Graduate and Executive Director of 
Nageshwar Steels Private Limited.  He 
more than 30 years of experience in 
dealing in ferrous and non-ferrous 
metal business. Largely involved 
into the Domestic industry and core 
competence in Finance and accounts.
Umeshsinh Rathod, a Chartered 
Accountant with 10+ years of 
experience, excels in audit, taxation, 
and strategic advisory. He has led 
diverse audits, financial restructuring, 
and represented clients before tax 
and regulatory authorities. Driven by 
precision and integrity, he delivers 
sustainable growth and long-term 
value.
CS Umang Lalpurwala serves as 
Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer, bringing 11 years’ expertise in 
Company Law, annual compliance, 
DIN management, board and AGM 
convenings, Articles amendments, 
charges filings and annual report 
drafting, alongside MIS preparation. 
Well-versed in SEBI LODR regulations, 
he handles shareholder queries, 
dividend processing and liaises with 
BSE, NSE and RTAs for listed-company 
compliance.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
2928
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 18 =====
Corporate Information
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Mr. Vijay Sanghvi
Chairman & Managing Director
Mr. Babulal Chaplot
Whole Time Director
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan
Independent Director
Mrs. Karuna Advani
Independent Director
Dr. Binita Verdia
Non Executive Director
Mr. Rajash Shah
Independent Director
Mr. Umeshsinh Rathod 
Independent Director
Mr. Vimalbhai Bokadia 
Independent Director
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Mr. Vijay Sanghvi
COMPANY SECRETARY & 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Mr. Umang Lalpurwala
Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer
STATUTORY AUDITORS
M/s. Pankaj R Shah & Associates 
Chartered Accountants  
7th Floor, Regency Plaza, Opp. 
Rahul Tower, Nr. Madhur Hall, 
Anandnagar Cross Road, Satellite, 
Ahmedabad-380015
COST AUDITOR
M/s. Ashish Bhavsar & Associates 
Cost Accountant
916, Shiromani Complex, Opp. Ocean 
Park, Mehrunagar Satellite Road,  
Ahmedabad -380015
SECRETARIAL AUDITOR
M/s. TNT & Associates  
Practicing Company Secretaries
218-220 Saffron Complex, Fatehgunj, 
Vadodara Gujarat -390 002
INTERNAL AUDITORS
M/s. Bhadresh K Mehta & Co, 
Chartered Accountants 
A/29, Maheshwari Hsg Society, Near 
Ward 11 Office, Iskon Temple Road, 
Vadodara -390 007
REGISTRAR & TRANSFER 
AGENT
M/s. MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
C 101, 247 Park, L B S Marg, Vikhroli 
(West), Mumbai – 400 083
BANKERS/ FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTIONS
HDFC Bank Limited 
Indusind Bank Limited
Bandhan bank
UCO Bank 
ICICI Bank 
Karur Vysya Bank 
Yes Bank 
Federal Bank
REGISTERED OFFICE
E-77, GIDC, Savli ( Manjusar)  
Dist.  Vadodara  
Gujarat -391 776
Website : www.ratnaveer.com
CORPORATE OFFICE
703/704, “OCEAN”, Vikram Sarabhai 
Campus, Vadi Wadi, Vadodara, 
Gujarat 390 023
PLANT LOCATIONS
Unit - I
Plot No. E-77 & 78 G.I.D.C., Savli 
(Manjusar) Dist. Vadodara 
Gujarat-391 776
Unit – II
Plot No. 120, G.I.D.C., Savli (Manjusar) 
Dist. Vadodara Gujarat-391 776
Unit - III
Plot No. 548/549, G.I.D.C. Estate, 
Waghodia, Dist. Vadodara Gujarat- 
391 760
Unit - IV
Plot No. 1901, Phase -IV ,G.I.D.C. ,Opp. 
New Nirma, Vatva, Ahmedabad 
Gujarat -382 440
Unit - V
Industrial Plot No 4A,Industrial Park, 
Samlay, Vadodara Gujarat-391520
SUBSIDIARY COMPANY
Ratnaveer StainlessInox LLC  
(Wholly own Subsidiary Company)
Address: Sharjah Media City, Sharjah,  
P.O. BOX 515000, UAE.
Awards and Accolades
Mr. Vijay Sanghvi, Managing Director of Ratnaveer 
Precision Engineering Ltd, proudly accepted the Export 
Excellence Award at the 55th Export Awards (National), 
held on June 21, 2025, recognizing outstanding 
achievement in the hardware exports sector by EEPC 
India.
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited received 
the Star Performer Award for Export Excellence at 
EEPC India’s 40th Regional Awards (Western Region). 
Held at Taj Lands End on June 24, 2025, the ceremony 
recognized standout performance in engineering 
exports during the 2021–22 financial year
2004-2025
EEPC Star Performer 
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
3130
Annual Report 2024-25
 Financial Statements03Statutory Report02Corporate Overview01


===== PAGE 19 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
32
Annual Report 2024-25
Notice
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT 23RD ANNUAL 
GENERAL MEETING OF THE MEMBERS OF RATNAVEER 
PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED (“COMPANY”) 
WILL BE HELD THROUGH VIDEO CONFERENCING 
OR OTHER AUDIO VISUAL MEANS (“VC/OAVM”) ON 
THURSDAY, 25TH SEPTEMBER, 2025, AT 03.00 P.M. 
(IST) TO TRANSACT THE FOLLOWING BUSINESS:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
Item No.1
To receive, consider and adopt the Audited standalone 
financial statement of the company for the financial 
year ended March 31 st, 2025 together with and the 
report of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon 
and for that purpose to consider and, if thought fit, to 
pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT the Audited Standalone Financial 
Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 
31st March, 2025 together with the report of the Board of 
Directors and the Auditors thereon laid before this meeting, 
be and are hereby received, considered and adopted.”
Item No.2
To appoint a director in place of Ms. Binita Verdia (DIN: 
09724262), who retires by rotation and being eligible, 
offers herself for reappointment and to consider and, 
if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as 
ordinary resolution:
“RESOLVED THT Ms. Binita Verdia, a Director of the 
Company, retiring by rotation at this Annual general 
Meeting and being eligible, offers herself for Re-
appointment, pursuant to provisions of section 152 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 be and is hereby re-appointed as a 
Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
Item No.3
To ratify the remuneration payable to cost auditor 
of the Company for the financial year ending 
31st March 2026. 
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following 
Resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provision of Section 148 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Audit 
& Auditors) Rules, 2014, as applicable (Including any 
Statutory modification(s) or re-enactment thereof for 
the time being in force), the Company hereby ratify the 
remuneration of Rs. 92,000/- (Rupees Ninety Two Thousand 
only) plus out of pocket expenses if any, plus applicable 
tax on Services (by Whatever name called) payable to 
M/s. Ashish Bhavsar & Associates, FIRM REG. NO. 000387, 
who have been appointed by the Board of Directors on 
the recommendation of the Audit Committee, as the Cost 
Auditor of the Company, to conduct the audit of the cost 
records maintained by the Company for the F.Y. 2025-26; .”
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors and/
or any person authorised by the Board, be and is hereby 
severally authorised to settle any question, difficulty or 
doubt, that may arise in giving effect to this resolution and 
to do all acts and take all such steps as may be necessary, 
proper or expedient to give effect to this resolution.”
Item No.4
Appointment of Secretarial Auditors of the Company
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 
204 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014 and pursuant to Regulation 24A 
and any other applicable provisions of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing 
Regulations’) (including any statutory modification(s) 
or re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), 
as amended from time to time, and based on the 
recommendation(s) of the Audit Committee and the 
Board of Directors, M/s. TNT & Associates, Practicing 
Company Secretaries, Vadodara, be and are hereby 
appointed as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company, for 
conducting Secretarial Audit of the Company for a term 
of five (5) consecutive financial years commencing from 
the financial year 2025-26 to the financial year 2029-30, on 
such remuneration as may be determined by the Board 
of Directors of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of 
the Company (including its Committee thereof) be and is 
hereby authorised to do all such acts, deeds, matters and 
things as may be necessary, expedient and desirable for 
the purpose of giving effect to this resolution.”
Item No.5
To Increase Borrowing Limits from Rs.500 Crores to 
Rs.900 Crores or the aggregate of the paid up capital 
and free reserves of the Company, whichever is higher.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following 
resolution as Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT in supersession of earlier resolution(s) 
passed by the shareholders and pursuant to Section 
179, 180(1)(c) and other applicable provisions of the 
NOTICE OF 23RD ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

===== PAGE 20 =====
33
Notice
Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Meetings 
of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 and such other rules, 
circular, notifications framed thereunder, as applicable; 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 including 
rules, regulations and circulars framed thereunder, as 
applicable; (including any statutory modification(s), 
amendment(s) or re-enactment thereof, for the time 
being in force) and Articles of Association of the Company, 
based on the recommendation of Audit Committee and 
Board of Directors,  the consent of the Members of the 
Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of 
Directors to borrow such sum or sums of money (including 
non-fund based facilities) from time to time, at discretion, 
on such security and on such terms and conditions as 
may deem fit, notwithstanding that the money to be 
borrowed together with the money already borrowed by 
the Company (apart from temporary loans obtained or to 
be obtained from the Company’s bankers in the ordinary 
course of business) including rupee equivalent of foreign 
currency loans (such rupee equivalent being calculated at 
the exchange rate prevailing as on the date of the relevant 
foreign currency agreement) may exceed, at any time, 
the aggregated of the paid-up capital of the Company its 
free reserves, and securities premium, provided. However, 
the total amount so borrowed as and when required 
from any Bank and/ or other Financial institution   and/ or 
foreign lender and/or anybody corporate/ entity/ entities 
and/ or authority / authorities either in rupee or in such 
other foreign currencies as may be permitted by the law 
from time to time as may be deemed appropriate by the 
Board for an aggregate amount not exceeding a sum of 
Rs.900,00,00,000/- (Rupees Nine Hundred Crores Only);
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board based on the 
requirements, may delegate the power of the borrowing 
up to the limit approved by the Shareholders as stated 
above to the Finance Committee or any other committee 
duly constituted by the Board of Directors;
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving 
effect to the above resolution, the board of Directors of the 
Company (“Board”) and/or any person authorized by the 
Board from time to time, be and is hereby empowered 
and authorized to negotiate, finalize, sign and execute all 
such agreements, deeds, applications, documents and 
writings that may be required, on behalf of the Company 
and generally to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things 
as may be necessary, proper, expedient or incidental for 
giving effect to this resolution;
Item No.6
To create Mortgage, Charge and hypothecation on 
Movable and /or Immovable Properties of the Company 
both present and future in respect of borrowings.
To consider and if thought fit, to pass, the following 
resolution as Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT in supersession of earlier resolution(s) 
passed by the shareholders and pursuant to the provisions 
of Section 180(1)(a) and other applicable provisions, 
if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, and Regulation 
37A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) made thereof) based 
on the recommendation of the Audit Committee and 
approval of the Board of Directors of the Company in 
accordance with the law, the consent of the Members 
be and is hereby accorded to the Board of Directors of 
the Company to create a security on all or any part of 
the movable and/or immovable properties wherever 
situated both present and future of the Company by way 
of hypothecate/ mortgage and/or charge in addition to 
the hypothecations/mortgages and/or charges created 
by the Company, in such form and manner and with such 
ranking and at such time(s) and on such terms as the 
Board may determine, all or any part of the and/or create 
a floating charge on all or any part of the immovable 
properties of the Company and the whole or any part 
of the undertaking(s) of the Company, together with 
power to take over the management of the business and 
concern of the Company, in certain events of default, in 
favor of the Company’s Bankers/Financial Institutions/ 
other investing agencies and trustees for the holders of 
Debentures/Bonds/other instruments/securities to secure 
any Rupee/Foreign Currency Loans, Guarantee assistance, 
Standby Letter of Credit/Letter of Credit and/or any issue 
of Non – Convertible Debentures, and/or Compulsorily 
or Optionally, Fully or Partly Convertible Debentures 
and/or Bonds, and/or any other Non – Convertible and/
or other Partly/Fully Convertible instruments/securities, 
within the overall ceiling of Rs.900,00,00,000/- (Nine 
Hundred crores only) ;
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board based on the 
requirements, may delegate the power of creating 
security up to the limit approved by the Shareholders 
as stated above to the Finance Committee or any other 
committee duly constituted by the Board of Directors.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT any present Directors of the 
Company be and is hereby authorized to execute all such 
deeds, documents, instruments and writings, as may 
be necessary for creating the aforesaid hypothecations/
mortgages and/or charges and to do all such acts, deeds, 
matters and things as may be necessary, desirable or 
expedient to give effect to the above resolution.” 
For & On Behalf of the Board of Directors
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Ltd
Sd/-
Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi
Date: 28.07.2025  (Managing Director & CFO)
Place: Vadodara  (DIN:- 00495922)

===== PAGE 21 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
34
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes:
1. In view of the continuing Covid-19 pandemic, the 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) has vide its General 
Circular Nos. 14/2020, 17/2020, 20/2020, 02/2021 
21/2021, 02/2022, 09/2023 and 09/2024 dated April 
8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020, January 13, 2021 
December 14, 2021, May 5, 2022, September 25, 
2023 and September 19, 2024 respectively (“MCA 
Circulars”) and SEBI circulars, permitted holding of the 
AGM through VC/OAVM facility, without the physical 
presence of the members at a common venue. In 
compliance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 ('the Act'), SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(hereinafter referred to as ‘SEBI Listing Regulations, 
2015’) and MCA Circulars, the AGM of the Company 
is being conducted through VC/OAVM (hereinafter 
called as 'AGM').
2. Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM 
facility shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning 
the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.
3. Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a Member 
entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled 
to appoint a proxy to attend and vote on his/ her 
behalf. Since the AGM is being held through VC/
OAVM pursuant to the relevant MCA Circulars and 
the SEBI Circulars, physical attendance of Members 
has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for 
appointment of proxies by the Members will not be 
made available for the AGM and hence the Proxy Form 
and Attendance Slip are not annexed to the Notice.
4. In pursuance of Sections 112 and 113 of the Act, 
representatives of the Corporate Members may be 
appointed for the purpose of voting through remote 
e-voting or for participation and voting in the AGM 
held through VC or OAVM. Institutional/Corporate 
Members (i.e. other than individuals/HUF, NRI, etc.) 
are required to send a scanned copy (PDF/JPG 
Format) of its board or governing body resolution/
authorization, etc., authorizing their representative 
to attend the AGM on its behalf and to vote in the 
AGM. The said Resolution/ Authorisation shall be sent 
to the scrutinizer by e-mail to csneerajtrivedi@gmail.
com with a copy marked to cs@ratnaveer.com.
5. Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), is attached 
with this Notice of AGM and the details of Director 
seeking Appointment/ Re-appointment pursuant 
to provisions of Regulation 36(3) of the Listing 
Regulations and secretarial standard -2 are annexed 
herewith as Annexure-A.
6. The facility of joining the AGM through VC /OAVM will 
be opened 30 minutes before and will be open up to 
15 minutes after the concluded time of the AGM.
7. Notice of the AGM is being sent only through 
electronic mode to the Members whose e-mail 
address is registered with the Company or the 
Depository Participant(s). Notice calling the AGM 
and Annual report have been uploaded on the 
website of the Company at www.ratnaveer.com. The 
Notice can also be accessed from the websites of the 
Stock Exchange i.e. BSE Limited and NSE Limited 
at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com and 
on the website of MUFG Intime India Pvt. Limited 
(authorized agency for providing the e-voting facility)
i.e. www.in.mpms.mufg.com.
8. To receive communications through electronic 
means, including Notices, members are requested 
to kindly register/update their email address with 
their respective depository participant, where shares 
are held in electronic form. Where shares are held in 
physical form, members are advised to register their 
e-mail address with enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com
9. SEBI vide its notification dated 25 January 2022 
has amended Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and has mandated that all requests 
for transfer of securities including transmission and 
transposition requests shall be processed only in 
dematerialized form. The Company has complied 
with the necessary requirements as applicable, 
including sending of letters to members holding 
shares in physical form and requesting them to 
dematerialize their physical holdings.
10. To comply with the above mandate, members 
who still hold share certificates in physical form are 
advised to dematerialize their shareholding to also 
avail of numerous benefits of dematerialization, 
which include easy liquidity, ease of trading and 
transfer, savings in stamp duty and elimination of any 
possibility of loss of documents and bad deliveries.
11. The Company has been maintaining, inter alia, the 
following statutory registers at its registered office at 
Office No. E- 77 G I D C Savli (Manjusar) Dist.- Baroda, 
Gujarat, India, 391775.
 i) Register of contracts or arrangements in 
which directors are interested under section 
189 of the Act.
 ii) Register of directors and key managerial 
personnel and their shareholding under section 
170 of the Act.
12. In accordance with the MCA circulars, the said 
registers will be made accessible for inspection 
through electronic mode and shall remain open and 

===== PAGE 22 =====
35
Notice
be accessible to any member during the continuance 
of the meeting.
13. For ease of conduct, members who would like to 
ask questions/express their views on the items of 
the businesses to be transacted at the meeting can 
send in their questions/comments in advance to cs@
ratnaveer.com up to Thursday, 18th September, 2025. 
The queries may be raised precisely and in brief to 
enable the Company to answer the same suitably 
at the meeting.
14. In conformity with the applicable regulatory 
requirements, the Notice of this AGM is being sent 
only through electronic mode to those Members 
who have registered their e-mail addresses with the 
Company or with the Depositories.
15. Investor Grievance Redressal: - The Company has 
designated Mr. Umang Lalpurwala, Company 
Secretary & Compliance Officer, Office No. 703 & 704 
Ocean Building, 7 th Floor, Vikram Sarabhai Campus, 
Genda Circle Wadiwadi, Vadodara, Gujarat, India, 
390023 and E-mail: cs@ratnaveer.com to enable 
investors to register their complaints, if any.
16. In compliance with Section 108 of the Act, read 
with the corresponding rules, and Regulation 44 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has 
provided a facility to its members to exercise their 
votes electronically through the electronic voting 
(“e-voting”) facility provided by MUFG Intime India 
Private Limited (“MUFG”) previously known as Link 
Intime India Private Limited. Shareholders who have 
cast their votes by remote e-voting prior to the AGM 
may participate in the AGM but shall not be entitled to 
cast their votes again. The manner of voting remotely 
by shareholders holding shares in dematerialized 
mode, physical mode and for members who have 
not registered their email addresses is provided in 
the instructions for e-voting section which forms part 
of this Notice.
17. The e-voting period begins on Monday, 22 nd 
September, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and ends on 
Wednesday, 24 th September, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. 
(IST). During this period shareholders of the 
Company, holding shares either in physical form 
or in dematerialized form, as on the cutoff date of 
Thursday, 18 th September, 2025 (“cut-off date for 
e-voting”), may cast their vote electronically. The 
e-voting module shall be disabled by MUFG Intime 
India Private Limited for voting thereafter.
18. The facility for voting during the AGM will also 
be made available. Members present in the AGM 
through VC and who have not cast their vote on 
the resolutions through remote e-voting and are 
otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible 
to vote through the e-voting system during the AGM.
19. Any person who acquires shares of the Company 
and becomes a shareholders of the Company after 
sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the 
cut-off date of e-voting, may obtain the login ID and 
password by sending a request to MUFG Intime India 
Pvt. Ltd. However, if he/she is already registered with 
MUFG for remote e-voting, then he/she can use his/
her existing user ID and password for casting the vote.
20. The Board of Directors has appointed M/s. TNT 
& Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, 
Vadodara as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting 
process in a fair and transparent manner.
21. The Scrutinizer shall after the conclusion of voting 
at the Meeting, will first count the votes cast at 
the Meeting and thereafter unblock the votes 
cast through remote e-voting and shall provide a 
consolidated Scrutinizer’s report of the total votes 
cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or 
a person authorized by him in writing, who shall 
countersign the same and declare the result of the 
voting forthwith.
22. The results shall be declared forthwith by the 
Chairman or a person so authorised by him in 
writing on receipt of consolidated report from 
the Scrutinizer. The Results declared along with 
Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed to the stock 
exchanges, MUFG and will also be displayed on the 
Company’s website. Members may contact at E-mail 
Id enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com for any grievances 
connected with voting by electronic means.
23. Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) has 
mandated that securities of listed companies can 
be transferred only in dematerialised form w.e.f. 01 
April 2019. Accordingly, the Company / MUFG has 
stopped accepting any fresh lodgement of transfer 
of shares in physical form. Members holding shares 
in physical form are advised to avail of the facility of 
dematerialisation.
24. Members holding shares in physical mode are: a) 
required to submit their Permanent Account Number 
(PAN) and bank account details to the Company/ 
MUFG, if not registered with the Company/MUFG, 
as mandated by SEBI by writing to the Company at 
cs@ratnaveer.com or to MUFG at enotices@in.mpms.
mufg.com alongwith the details of folio no., self-
attested copy of PAN card, bank details (Bank account 
number, Bank and Branch Name and address, IFSC, 
MICR details) and cancelled cheque leaf.
25. Pursuant to Section 72 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
Members holding shares in physical form may file 
their nomination in the prescribed Form SH-13 with 
the Company’s Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
i.e. MUFG. In respect of shares held in electric/demat 

===== PAGE 23 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
36
Annual Report 2024-25
form, the nomination form may be filed with the 
respective Depository Participant.
26. Non-Resident Indian members are requested to 
inform MUFG / respective DPs, immediately of: a) 
Change in their residential status on return to India 
for permanent settlement b) Particulars of their 
bank account maintained in India with complete 
name, branch, account type, account number and 
address of the bank with pin code number, if not 
furnished earlier.
27. Members are requested to send all their documents 
and communications pertaining to shares to the 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company 
– MUFG Intime India Private Limited, at their address 
at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com, for both physical 
and demat segments of Equity Shares.
28. INSTRUCTION ON REMOTE E-VOTING 
AND INSTA MEET:
REMOTE E-VOTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR 
SHAREHOLDERS
In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/
CIR/P/2023/120 dated July 11, 2023, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are 
allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants.
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number 
and email Id correctly in their demat accounts to access 
remote e-Voting facility.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL
METHOD 1 - NSDL IDeAS facility
Shareholders registered for IDeAS facility:
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com and click on 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “IDeAS Login Section”.
b) Click on “Beneficial Owner” icon under “IDeAS 
Login Section”.
c) Post successful authentication, you will be able to see 
e-Voting services under Value added services section. 
Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services.
d) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed 
alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period.
Shareholders not registered for IDeAS facility:
a) To register, visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com 
and select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or 
click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp
b) Enter 8-character DP ID, 8-digit Client ID, Mobile no, 
Verification code & click on “Submit”.
c) Enter the last 4 digits of your bank account 
/ generate ‘OTP’
d) Post successful registration, user will be provided 
with Login ID and password. Follow steps given 
above in points (a-d).
 Shareholders/ Members can also download NSDL 
Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning 
the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience.
METHOD 2 - NSDL e-voting website
a) Visit URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com
b) Click on the “Login” tab available under ‘Shareholder/
Member’ section.
c) Enter User ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat account no. 
held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification 
Code as shown on the screen.
d) Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed 
to NSDL depository website wherein you will be able 
to see e-Voting services under Value added services. 
Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services.
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed 
alongside Company’s Name” and you will be 
redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote 
during the remote e-voting period.
Individual Shareholders registered with CDSL Easi/ 
Easiest facility
METHOD 1 - CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility:
Shareholders registered for Easi/ Easiest facility:
a) Visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/
Home/Login or www.cdslindia.com & click on New 
System Myeasi Tab.
b) Enter existing username, Password & click on “Login”.
c) Post successful authentication, user will be able to 
see e-voting option. The evoting option will have links 
of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click 
on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to 
InstaVote website for casting the vote during the 
remote e-voting period.


===== PAGE 24 =====
37
Notice
Shareholders not registered for Easi/ Easiest facility:
a) To register, visit URL: https://web.cdslindia.com/
myeasitoken/Registration/EasiRegistration / https://
web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Registration/
EasiestRegistration
b) Proceed with updating the required fields 
for registration.
c) Post successful registration, user will be provided 
username and password. Follow steps given above 
in points (a-c).
METHOD 2 - CDSL e-voting page
a) Visit URL: https://www.cdslindia.com
b) Go to e-voting tab.
c) Enter 16-digit Demat Account Number (BO ID) and 
PAN No. and click on “Submit”.
d) System will authenticate the user by sending 
OTP on registered Mobile and Email as recorded 
in Demat Account
e) Post successful authentication, user will be able to 
see e-voting option. The evoting option will have links 
of e-voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click 
on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to 
InstaVote website for casting the vote during the 
remote e-voting period.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
with Depository Participant
Individual shareholders can also login using the login 
credentials of your demat account through your 
depository participant registered with NSDL / CDSL for 
e-voting facility.
a) Login to DP website
b) After Successful login, user shall navigate through 
“e-voting” option.
c) Click on e-voting option, user will be redirected to 
NSDL / CDSL Depository website after successful 
authentication, wherein user can see e-voting feature.
d) Post successful authentication, click on “MUFG 
InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to 
InstaVote website for casting the vote during the 
remote e-voting period.
Login method for shareholders holding 
securities in physical mode / Non-Individual 
Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode.
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode as on the cut-off date for e-voting may register and 
vote on InstaVote as under:
STEP 1: LOGIN / SIGNUP to InstaVote
Shareholders registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on 
“Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
b) Enter details as under:
 A. User ID: Enter User ID
 B. Password: Enter existing Password
 C. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code
 D. Click “Submit”.
 (Home page of e-voting will open. Follow the process 
given under “Steps to cast vote for Resolutions”)
Shareholders not registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on 
“Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & register with 
details as under:
1. User ID: Enter User ID
2. PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) (Shareholders who have not updated 
their PAN with the Depository Participant (DP)/ 
Company shall use the sequence number provided 
to you, if applicable.
3. DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of 
Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded with your DP/
Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format)
4. Bank Account Number: Enter your Bank Account 
Number (last four digits), as recorded with 
your DP/Company.
	 Shareholders holding shares in NSDL form, 
shall provide ‘D’ above
	 Shareholders holding shares in physical form 
but have not recorded ‘C’ and ‘D’, shall provide 
their Folio number in ‘D’ above

===== PAGE 25 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
38
Annual Report 2024-25
5. Set the password of your choice.
 (The password should contain minimum 8 characters, 
at least one special Character (!#$&*), at least one 
numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one 
capital letter).
6. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code.
7. Click “Submit” (You have now registered on InstaVote).
 Post successful registration, click on “Login” under 
‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & follow steps given above 
in points (a-b).
STEP 2: Steps to cast vote for Resolutions 
through InstaVote
A. Post successful authentication and redirection to 
InstaVote inbox page, you will be able to see the 
“Notification for e-voting”.
B. Select ‘View’ icon. E-voting page will appear.
C. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote 
by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If 
you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click 
on the ‘View Resolution’ file link).
D. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, 
click on ‘Submit’.
E. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to 
confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change your 
vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.
 NOTE: Shareholders may click on “Vote as per 
Proxy Advisor’s Recommendation” option and view 
proxy advisor recommendations for each resolution 
before casting vote. “Vote as per Proxy Advisor’s 
Recommendation” option provides access to expert 
insights during the e-Voting process. Shareholders 
may modify their vote before final submission.
 Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will 
not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently.
Guidelines for Institutional shareholders 
(“Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”)
STEP 1 – Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual 
Fund Registration
A. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
B. Click on “Sign Up” under “Custodian / Corporate 
Body/ Mutual Fund”
C. Fill up your entity details and submit the form.
D. A declaration form and organization ID is generated 
and sent to the Primary contact person email ID 
(which is filled at the time of sign up). The said form 
is to be signed by the Authorised Signatory, Director, 
Company Secretary of the entity & stamped and sent 
to insta.vote@linkintime.co.in.
E. Thereafter, Login credentials (User ID; Organisation 
ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact person’s 
email ID. (You have now registered on InstaVote)
STEP 2 – Investor Mapping
A. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login 
with InstaVote Login credentials.
B. Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under 
the Menu Section
C. Map the Investor with the following details:
 1) ‘Investor ID’ – Investor ID for NSDL demat 
account is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID i.e., IN00000012345678; Investor ID for 
CDSL demat account is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
 2) ‘Investor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name as 
updated with DP.
 3) ‘Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN.
 4) ‘Power of Attorney’ - Attach Board resolution or 
Power of Attorney.
 NOTE: File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of 
Attorney shall be – DP ID and Client ID or 16 Digit 
Beneficiary ID.
 Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also 
upload specimen signatures.
D. Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped 
with the Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual 
Fund Entity). The same can be viewed under the 
“Report Section”.
STEP 3 – Steps to cast vote for Resolutions 
through InstaVote
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, 
during the remote e-voting period.
METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTRY
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login 
with InstaVote Login credentials.
b) Click on “Votes Entry” tab under the Menu section.
c) Enter the “Event No.” for which you want to cast vote.
 Event No. can be viewed on the home page of 
InstaVote under “On-going Events”.
d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.”.
e) Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote 
by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If 
you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click 
on the ‘View Resolution’ file link). After selecting the 
desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’.

===== PAGE 26 =====
39
Notice
f) A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to 
confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change your 
vote, click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote.
 (Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will 
not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently).
METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login 
with InstaVote Login credentials.
b) After successful login, you will see 
“Notification for e-voting”.
c) Select “View” icon for “Company’s Name 
/ Event number”.
d) E-voting page will appear.
e) Download sample vote file from “Download Sample 
Vote File” tab.
f) Cast your vote by selecting your desired option 
‘Favour / Against’ in the sample vote file and upload 
the same under “Upload Vote File” option.
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ 
message will be displayed.
 (Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will 
not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently).
Helpdesk:
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / 
Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode:
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode facing any technical issue in login may contact 
INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending a request at enotices@
in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on: - Tel: 022 – 4918 6000.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode may contact the respective helpdesk for any 
technical issues related to login through Depository 
i.e., NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical 
issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at: 022 
- 4886 7000
Individual 
Shareholders holding 
securities in demat 
mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical 
issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at toll free no. 1800 
22 55 33
Forgot Password:
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or 
both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” 
option available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
	 Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
	 Click “forgot password?”
	 Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image 
Verification code (CAPTCHA).
	 Click on “SUBMIT”.
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has 
forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both 
then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” 
option available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in
	 Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ 
Mutual Fund” tab
	 Click “forgot password?”
	 Enter User ID, Organization ID and Enter Image 
Verification code (CAPTCHA).
	 Click on “SUBMIT”.
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password 
will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address. 
Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by 
providing information about the particulars of the Security 
Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password 
should contain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one 
special character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one 
alphabet and at least one capital letter.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the password:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password 
or both, then the Shareholders are advised to use Forget 
User ID and Forget Password option available at above 
mentioned depository/ depository participants website.
General Instructions - Shareholders
	 It is strongly recommended not to share your 
password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential.
	 For shareholders/ members holding shares in 
physical form, the details can be used only for voting 
on the resolutions contained in this Notice.
	 During the voting period, shareholders/ members 
can login any number of time till they have voted on 
the resolution(s) for a particular “Event”.

===== PAGE 27 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
40
Annual Report 2024-25
Process and manner for attending the General 
Meeting through InstaMeet:
In terms of Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) General 
Circular No. 09/2024 dated 19.09.2024, the Companies can 
conduct their AGMs/ EGMs on or before 30 September 
2025 by means of Video Conference (VC) or other audio-
visual means (OAVM).
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number 
and email Id correctly in their demat accounts to access 
InstaMeet facility.
Login method for shareholders to attend the General 
Meeting through InstaMeet:
a) Visit URL: https://instameet.in.mpms.mufg.com & 
click on “Login”.
b) Select the “Company Name” and register with your 
following details:
c) Select Check Box - Demat Account No. / 
Folio No. / PAN
	 Shareholders holding shares in NSDL/ CDSL demat 
account shall select check box - Demat Account No. 
and enter the 16-digit demat account number.
	 Shareholders holding shares in physical form shall 
select check box – Folio No. and enter the Folio 
Number registered with the company.
	 Shareholders shall select check box – PAN and 
enter 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN). 
Shareholders who have not updated their PAN 
with the Depository Participant (DP)/ Company 
shall use the sequence number provided by MUFG 
Intime, if applicable.
	 Mobile No: Mobile No. as updated with DP is 
displayed automatically. Shareholders who have 
not updated their Mobile No with the DP shall 
enter the mobile no.
	 Email ID: Email Id as updated with DP is displayed 
automatically. Shareholders who have not updated 
their Mobile No with the DP shall enter the mobile no.
d) Click “Go to Meeting”
You are now registered for InstaMeet, and your attendance 
is marked for the meeting.
Instructions for shareholders to Speak during the 
General Meeting through InstaMeet:
a) Shareholders who would like to speak during 
the meeting must register their request 
with the company.
b) Shareholders will get confirmation on first cum 
first basis depending upon the provision made 
by the company.
c) Shareholders will receive “speaking serial number” 
once they mark attendance for the meeting. Please 
remember speaking serial number and start your 
conversation with panellist by switching on video 
mode and audio of your device.
d) Other shareholder who has not registered as 
“Speaker Shareholder” may still ask questions to the 
panellist via active chat-board during the meeting.
*Shareholders are requested to speak only when moderator of 
the meeting/ management will announce the name and serial 
number for speaking.
Instructions for Shareholders to Vote during the 
General Meeting through InstaMeet:
Once the electronic voting is activated during the 
meeting, shareholders who have not exercised their vote 
through the remote e-voting can cast the vote as under:
a) On the Shareholders VC page, click on the link for 
e-Voting “Cast your vote”
b) Enter your 16-digit Demat Account No. / Folio 
No. and OTP (received on the registered mobile 
number/ registered email Id) received during 
registration for InstaMEET
c) Click on ‘Submit’.
d) After successful login, you will see “Resolution 
Description” and against the same the option 
“Favour/ Against” for voting.
e) Cast your vote by selecting appropriate option i.e. 
“Favour/Against” as desired. Enter the number of 
shares (which represents no. of votes) as on the cut-
off date under ‘Favour/Against’.
f) After selecting the appropriate option i.e. Favour/
Against as desired and you have decided to vote, click 
on “Save”. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you 
wish to confirm your vote, click on “Confirm”, else to 
change your vote, click on “Back” and accordingly 
modify your vote. Once you confirm your vote on 
the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or 
change your vote subsequently.
Note:
Shareholders/ Members, who will be present in the 
General Meeting through InstaMeet facility and have 
not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote 
e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing 
so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting facility 
during the meeting.
Shareholders/ Members who have voted through Remote 
e-Voting prior to the General Meeting will be eligible 
to attend/ participate in the General Meeting through 
InstaMeet. However, they will not be eligible to vote again 
during the meeting.
Shareholders/ Members are encouraged to join the 
Meeting through Tablets/ Laptops connected through 
broadband for better experience.
Shareholders/ Members are required to use Internet with 
a good speed (preferably 2 MBPS download stream) to 
avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
Please note that Shareholders/ Members connecting 
from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptops 
connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/
Visual loss due to fluctuation in their network. It is therefore 
recommended to use stable Wi-FI or LAN connection to 
mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
Helpdesk:
Shareholders facing any technical issue in login may 
contact INSTAMEET helpdesk by sending a request at 
instameet@in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on: - Tel: 022 
– 4918 6000 / 4918 6175.

===== PAGE 28 =====
41
Notice
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 IN 
RESPECT OF THE SPECIAL BUSINESS TO BE TRANSACTED:
ITEM NO. 3
The Board, on recommendation of Audit Committee, has approved the appointment and payment of remuneration 
of the Cost Auditor M/s. Ashish Bhavsar & Associates, Cost Accountant (Firm Registration No. 000387), to conduct the 
audit of the cost Records of the Company for the Financial year ending 31st March, 2026 at a remuneration of Rs. 92000/- 
(Rupees Eighty Five Thousand Only) plus reimbursement of out of pocket expenses and applicable tax if any. In terms 
of provisions of Section 148 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, members’ 
ratification is required for remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor. Therefore, consent of the members of the Company 
is sought for passing of an Ordinary Resolution as set out in Item No. 3 for ratification of the remuneration payable to the 
Cost Auditors for the financial year ending 31st March, 2026.
The Board recommends the Resolution as set out in item no. 3 of the Notice for approval of the Members.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel or their relatives are in anyway concerned or interested in the 
above resolution.
ITEM NO. 4
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 and other applicable provisions of the Act, if any, read with Rule 9 of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time, 
every listed company is required to annex with its Board’s Report, a Secretarial Audit Report given by a Company 
Secretary in Practice.
Further, pursuant to Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing Regulations, read with applicable SEBI Circulars, as amended 
from time to time, every listed entity shall undertake Secretarial Audit by a Secretarial Auditor who shall be a Peer 
Reviewed Company Secretary and the appointment of such Secretarial Auditor shall be approved by the Members of 
the Company at the Annual General Meeting.
The Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 28 th July, 2025, on the recommendation(s) of the Audit 
Committee has, after considering and evaluating various proposals and factors such as independence, industry 
experience, technical skills, audit team, quality of audit reports, etc. as part of the assessment, the Management also 
considered the eligible of M/s. TNT & Associates, who is the Secretarial Auditor of the Company from financial year 2023-
24 to till date, recommended the appointment of M/s. TNT & Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, Vadodara, a 
peer reviewed firm, as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company, to the Members at the ensuing AGM for a term of five (5) 
consecutive financial years commencing from Financial Year 2025-26 to Financial Year 2029-30, subject to the approval 
of the Members, at a remuneration of Rs. 1,75,000/- plus applicable taxes for Financial Year 2025-26 and for subsequent 
years(s) of their term, such fees as mutually agreed between the Board of Directors and the Secretarial Auditors.
M/s. TNT & Associates is a partnership firm of Practicing Company Secretaries, promoted by Mr. Niraj Trivedi and catering 
services to many listed, unlisted and multinational companies. The firm has head office at Vadodara and Branch Office 
at Ahmedabad. The promoter Niraj Trivedi is in practice since last 25 years. M/s. TNT & Associates specializes in corporate 
laws, capital market transactions, listing and de-listing of equity shares, compliance audits and corporate governance. 
M/s. TNT & Associates is a peer reviewed firm with having dedicated and sincere team of 18 plus people including 6 
experienced Company Secretaries.
M/s. TNT & Associates has given their consent to act as Secretarial Auditors of the Company and confirmed that their 
aforesaid appointment (if made) would be within the limits specified by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
They have also confirmed that they are not disqualified to be appointed as Secretarial Auditors and are in compliance 
with independence requirements as prescribed under the Auditing Standards issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, and other applicable rules and regulations. M/s. TNT & Associates holds a valid certificate issued by 
the Peer Review Board of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
The Board recommends the resolution set forth in Item No. 04 for approval of the Members by way of an 
Ordinary Resolution.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and relatives thereof has any concern or interest, financial or otherwise 
in the resolution at Item No. 04 of this Notice.

===== PAGE 29 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
42
Annual Report 2024-25
ITEM NO. 5 & 6
In terms of Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Board of Directors of a Company, shall exercise the power to 
borrow money, where money to be borrowed, together with the money already borrowed by the Company will exceed 
aggregate of its paid up share capital and free reserves, apart from temporary loans obtained from the Company’s 
bankers in the ordinary course of business only the consent of the Company by passing a Special Resolution.
The Shareholders of the Company by way of Special Resolution by postal ballot concluded on March 02nd 2024 authorised 
the Board to borrow money up to Rs.500 crore. Taking into consideration the requirements of finance for meeting the 
operational, administrative cost, working capital and future capital expenditures, the company needs additional funds 
in the form of borrowing in excess of paid-up share capital and Free Reserves of the Company. Therefore, to avoid the 
exigencies at last moments, it is propose to increase the Borrowing limits from Rs. 500 crores to Rs.900 Crores. 
Further while borrowing such funds as mentioned above, your company may require to give security on its assets 
either by way mortgage or hypothecation on all or any part of the movable and/or immovable properties wherever 
situated both present and future of the Company. The hypothecation/mortgage/ creation of charge by the Company 
of its properties as and when undertaken, may be considered to be the disposal of all or any part of the Company’s 
undertakings, for the borrowings and would attract the provisions of the said Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act, 
2013 and regulation 37A of SEBI (Listing obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulation,2015,
To avoid the exigencies at last moments, the Board proposes to get the consent of members for borrowings up to 
Rs.900/- Crore under Section 180(1)(c) of the Companies Act, 2013 and to create charge on the assets of the Company by 
way of mortgage/hypothecation etc. to that extent the fund is being borrowed.
In the interest of the Company, you are therefore requested to accord your consent to the Resolution No. 05 and 06 as 
Special Resolution.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or their respective relatives are concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise, in the resolution except to the extent of their shareholding, if any, as set out at Item No.5 and 6 in the notice.

===== PAGE 30 =====
43
Notice
ANNEXURE A TO THE NOTICE
Details of Directors seeking Appointment/Reappointment at the 23 rd Annual General Meeting pursuant to 
Regulation 36 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial 
Standard-II issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) are as under:
Name of Director Ms. Binita Verdia (Non-Executive Non-Independent Director)
DIN No. 09724252
Date of Birth 22.10.1975
Age 49
Date of Appointment 09.09.2022
Experience Over 20 years
Qualification B.Sc., M.Sc., Ph.d. (Botany) 
Chairman / Directorship in other Company NA
Chairman/Member of Committees of the Board of 
Companies of which she or she is a Director.
Member of Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Chairman of Committees of other Companies NIL
Member of Committees of other Companies NIL
No. of Equity shares held 8
Brief profile and nature of their expertise in specific 
functional areas.
Dr. Binita Verdia, the Non Executive Director of the company 
is Ph.D. holder in  Botany, specialization in Plant tissue culture 
and its applications from Maharaja Sayaji Rao University of 
Vadodara, Gujarat.
She also holds a degree of Master of Science from Maharaja 
Sayaji Rao University of Vadodara, Gujarat. She has over two 
decades of experience Corporate & NGO Management, CSR 
front, Research and learning nuances of ESG component.
Number of meetings of the Board attended during 
the year 2024-25
9
Relationship with Other Directors, Manager and 
other Key Managerial Personnnel
Daughter of Mr. Babulal Chaplot, Whole-time Director of the 
Company
Current remuneration (last drawn remuneration) NIL
Details of remuneration sought to be paid NIL
Key terms and conditions of appointment Ms. Binita Verdia is a Non-Executive and Non-Independent 
Director of the Company. She is required to comply with the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, Listing 
Regulations and other applicable laws.
Ms. Binita Verdia is not debarred from holding the office of Director pursuant to any Order issued by the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or any other authority
Save and except Ms. Binita Verdia and her relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP“) of 
the Company and their relatives are, in any way, concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the Resolution set 
out at Item No. 2 of the Notice. The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out at Item No. 2 of the Notice for 
approval of the Members.
For & On Behalf of the Board of Directors
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Ltd
Sd/-
Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi
Date: 28.07.2025  (Managing Director & CFO)
Place: Vadodara  (DIN:- 00495922)

===== PAGE 31 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis
Global Economic Overview  
The global economy demonstrated steady growth 
throughout CY 2024, despite facing geo-political tensions, 
prolonged periods of contractionary monetary policies 
driven by inflation and ongoing trade uncertainties. The 
global economic growth remained at a growth rate of 
3.2%1  in CY2024.
Emerging markets and developing economies (EMDEs) 
showed steady growth, expanding by 4.2%, surpassing 
the growth rate of 1.7% in developed economies. This 
consistent performance is largely due to the proactive 
monetary measures implemented by central banks 
worldwide. The US remained a major driver of global 
expansion, expanding by 2.8%, backed by strong labour 
market, consumer demand and robust corporate 
earnings. Economic growth in Europe showed subdued 
growth rates due to weak consumer demand and 
continued geopolitical tension.  China showed growth 
rates lower than expected with 4.7% in CY 2024, largely 
due to a struggling property sector. 2   Global inflation 
stood at 5.7% in CY2024, down from 6.7% in CY2023, 
marking a continued decline as price pressures eased 
across several sectors. The decline has been largely driven 
by the stabilisation of energy sources and international 
food prices, along with improved global supply chains.
Global economic growth is projected at 2.8% for CY 2025 
and 3.0% for CY 2026, with uncertainties around geo-
political tensions and trade being balanced by stringent 
policy measures, adjustments and increasing consumer 
demand. Growth in advanced economies are expected to 
be modest. The United States is set to experience a slower 
growth at 1.8%, while growth in the Euro area is expected 
to decelerate. Emerging markets are expected to play a 
crucial role in global expansion, helped by its abundant 
natural resources.  Asian countries are expected to maintain 
strong economic performance driven by increased capital 
expenditure and domestic demand. The downward trend 
of global inflation has incentivised central banks to move 
to expansionary monetary policies focusing on rate cuts. 
Global inflation is expected to decline to 4.2% in CY 2025 
and further to 3.5% in CY 2026.4
1https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2025/01/17/world-economic-outlook-update-january-2025
2https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2025/01/17/world-economic-outlook-update-january-2025
3https://www.spglobal.com/content/dam/spglobal/global-assets/en/special-reports/look-forward/volume-7/Corp_1015_
LookForwardEmergingMarkets.pdf
4https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WEO/Issues/2025/01/17/world-economic-outlook-update-january-2025
Outlook
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
44
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 32 =====
5https://www.un.org/development/desa/dpad/publication/world-economic-situation-and-prospects-2025/
6https://static.pib.gov.in/WriteReadData/specificdocs/documents/2025/jan/doc2025118487001.pdf
Outlook
Growth of global economic output
India’s Economy
India has continued to display strong economic resilience 
in FY 2025, solidifying its position as one of the fastest 
growing major economies, despite a challenging 
economic landscape. A growth rate of 6.5% for the 
current year driven5  by strong domestic demand, private 
consumption, public and private investments is expected, 
showcasing the upward growth trajectory of the fifth 
largest economy in the world. India is steadily expanding its 
global footprint, becoming a centre for entrepreneurship, 
business and innovation. 
India’s services exports saw an encouraging rise of 12.8% 
in FY2025. However, gross foreign direct investment (FDI) 
demonstrated a strong comeback, increasing from $47.2 
billion in FY 2024 to $ 55.6 billion during FY 2025.
GDP Growth rate of India over the years:
India’s economy is expected to remain strong supported 
by macro-economic and financial stability. The positive 
growth outlook is anchored primarily by the digital 
revolution, a facilitating regulatory environment supportive 
of entrepreneurship and developing niche. India is set to 
continue as one of the fastest growing major economies 
in the coming years despite the uncertainties around, with 
a projected growth rate of 6.5% in FY 2026,  significantly 
outpacing global and regional peers. India’s investment 
growth is expected to remain steady, driven by rising 
private investments, favourable financing conditions and 
rapidly expanding middle class population. The changes 
to the tax slabs in the recent Union Budget have provided 
relief to individuals, increasing disposable incomes and 
fuelling consumption. The RBI reduced the repo rate by 25 
basis points to 6.25% in February 2025. This was followed 
by a further cut in April 2025 to 6.00%, aimed at boosting 
the liquidity in the market. This will lower borrowing costs 
and encourage lending. In addition, this will also enhance 
the profitability and financial stability for banks. RBI's 
prudent monetary measures, such as cash reserve ratios 
(CRR) cuts, open market operations (OMOs), variable rate 
reverse repo (VRRR) auctions, are expected to address 
tight liquidity conditions in the banking system.
2024 1.7
2025 1.9
2026 1.8
2024 4.2
2025 4.2
2026 4.3
GLOBAL ECONOMY ADVANCED ECONOMIES
EMERGING MARKET & 
DEVELOPING ECONOMIES
IMF.org/pubs
2024 3.2
2025 3.3
2026 3.3
2021-22 9.7
2022-23 7.6
2023-24*
2024-25**
9.2
6.5
*First Revised Estimates; 
**Second Advance Estimates
At constant prices, in per cent
45
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 33 =====
India is expected to showcase stable growth driven 
by strong demand, increasing capital expenditure, 
rising middle class population and flexible fiscal and 
monetary policies. The manufacturing sector in India is 
expected to grow in the forthcoming years, bolstered by 
government initiatives aimed at making India a global 
manufacturing hub.
Steel Industry Overview
Global Stainless Steel Industry 
Steel production and consumption are seen as indicators 
of a country’s economic development, given steel’s 
essential role as both a raw material and an intermediary 
product. In CY 2024, global steel demand had declined 
by approximately 1%, primarily due to reduced demand 
in China, the world’s largest steel producer and consumer, 
driven by a slump in the real estate sector. The same trend 
can be seen in the US, Japan and several European nations, 
where demand fell by 2-3%. Despite the headwinds in 
the industry, the demand growth in developing countries 
such as Brazil and India have helped stabilise global 
demand. In 2024 demand for steel grew by 3.5%, with 
further growth of 4.2% in 2025. Demand is estimated to 
have increased by 11% in India and 5.6% in Brazil.7
7https://www.crisil.com/content/crisilcom/en/home/newsroom/press-releases/2025/01/domestic-steel-demand-to-buck-global-slump-grow-8-
9percent-in-2025.html
8https://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/newsroom/press-releases/2023/03/stainless-steel-demand-seen-surging-through-fiscal-2025.html
Outlook
The global market for stainless steel was valued at $120.2 
billion in 2024 and is projected to reach $157.4 billion 
by 2030 at CAGR of 4.6%. This growth is driven by the 
increasing demand for durable and corrosion-resistant 
materials across industries like construction, automotive 
and medical devices. The outlook for the global steel 
industry is optimistic with a projected growth rate of 1.9% 
for the demand of steel in developed countries. There is 
also a growing possibility that the actions and policies of 
the Government of China may reinvigorate demand in the 
largest steel producing economy. The key determinants 
of global steel demand for the upcoming years will be 
the private consumption and investments, government 
capital expenditure and rate cuts. 
India’s robust growth is set to continue with increasing 
demand for steel from sectors such as packaging, 
engineering and manufacturing, set to contribute to the 
overall growth of steel demand. The annual production 
of steel is anticipated to exceed 300 million tonnes 
by CY 2030–2031. 
Indian Stainless Steel Industry
India continues to be a major contributor to global steel 
demand growth, ranking as the second largest producer 
of steel after China in 2024. Steel demand in India is 
expected to outperform other major economies in FY 
2025, driven by a shift towards steel-intensive construction 
and housing sectors. Government initiatives will also play 
a major role in increasing demand for steel.  
Domestic demand for stainless steel has grown at a 
CAGR of 9% over the last three fiscal years, primarily due 
to increased investments by the Government of India 
in railway infrastructure. Growth in demand from other 
sectors such as consumer goods and process industry are 
also key contributors to stainless steel demand.8  
Despite geo-political tensions and tariff uncertainties 
affecting prices and trade, controlled inflation, quantitative 
easing and favourable government policies and initiatives 
are expected to position the steel industry to benefit 
significantly. 
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
46
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 34 =====
9Stainless Steel Market Forecast with Size, Share, Trends [2032]
Production and Consumption of Steel in India:
Ministry of Steel
Stainless Steel Sheet Industry9 
The global market for stainless steel sheets is set to 
grow to  $167.48 billion by 2030, at a CAGR of 5.9%. The 
demand for stainless steel sheets, one of the most used 
forms of stainless steel used in manufacturing, is set to 
see a substantial increase driven by the rising demand 
from several end-use industries. India’s stainless steel 
industry is forecasted to reach  $31,905.2 million by 2034 
due to booming construction and automotive sector. 
The industry has undergone notable technological 
advancements that include laser and plasma cutting 
technologies, that has made the manufacturing process 
more precise and efficient. 
Sector specific application
Stainless Steel with its intrinsic properties finds wide 
application across a variety of industries. The material’s 
durability and corrosion resistance make it highly suitable 
across various industries. Its versatility allows it to perform 
in extreme conditions while also making it a preferred 
choice in design focused industries and products. 
Key sectors making use of stainless steel include
Infrastructure
Stainless steel is widely used in infrastructure projects 
given its strength, durability and resistance to corrosion. 
Its ability to withstand extreme weather conditions makes 
it ideal to be used in the construction of bridges, tunnels, 
elevators and buildings. 
Consumer goods
Preferred in kitchen appliances, utensils and electronics 
given its appearance, resistance to staining and ease of 
cleaning. Its durability makes it ideal for refrigerators, 
washing machines and cookware, providing longevity to 
consumer products.
Automotive
Stainless Steel finds application in automotive sector as it 
is used for exhaust systems, chassis and body of vehicles. 
Its ability to withstand high temperatures and mechanical 
stress makes it crucial for ensuring safety of vehicles.
Defence and Aerospace
Ideal for manufacturing aircraft parts, missile components 
and engine components due to its durability, heat 
resistance and ability to endure extreme pressures. 
MILLION TONNES
Crude Steel Production Finished Steel Production Finished Steel Consumption
2019-20 2020-21 2021-22 2022-23 2023-24 Apr-Jan  
2024-25 (P)
125.42
120.43
125.49
136.29
139.15
144.30
119.89
123.20
127.20
105.75
113.60
120.29
94.89
96.20
103.54
100.17
102.62
109.14
47
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 35 =====
Emerging Trends and Opportunities
The demand for stainless steel sheets continues to rise, 
driven by increased application in the Architecture 
Building and Construction (ABC) sector. Both 
commercial and residential projects are increasingly 
adopting stainless steel due to its durability, appearance 
and low maintenance. Additionally, urban infrastructure 
development and the push for smart cities are further 
accelerating demand.
Industries such as automotive, medical equipment 
and renewable energy are also offering robust growth 
opportunities. In particular, the electric vehicle (EV) 
sector is adopting stainless steel for battery enclosures 
and structural components. With sustainability gaining 
importance, there is also a noticeable shift towards 
recycled and low carbon stainless steel, creating new 
avenues for innovation in production.
Outlook 
The global stainless steel sheet market is projected to 
grow driven by rising demand from the automotive and 
construction sectors. The automotive sector remains  
one of the major consumers of steel sheets, while the  
construction industry continues to generate demand 
through the renovation, restoration and development of 
commercial and residential spaces. 
Other macro-economic factors such as population 
growth, rapid urbanisation, climate change and economic 
development are expected to drive market expansion. 
However, fluctuating raw material costs and regional 
trade policies can affect market dynamics and pricing 
structures in short to medium terms. 
Stainless Steel Finishing Sheet Industry
The stainless steel finishing sheet industry focuses on 
processes such as  polishing, brushing and etching to 
enhance the surface of stainless steel sheets. These 
treatments improve the appearance, durability and 
functionality, widening its applications across sectors. 
Different surface finishes are tailored for specific 
applications across industries like medical devices, 
automotive manufacturing and construction, where both 
performance and appearance play major factors. 
Emerging Trends
Emerging trends in the finishing sheet industry include:
1.  Rising Demand for Decorative Finishes – Growth in 
architecture, interiors, and appliances.
2.  Sustainable & Recyclable Materials – Preference for 
eco-friendly stainless steel.
3.  Digital & Laser Etching – Advanced design 
customization for premium segments.
4.  Anti-fingerprint & Coated Surfaces – Enhanced 
usability in consumer applications.
10https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/product/stainless-steel-washers-market-size-and-forecast/
11https://www.6wresearch.com/industry-report/india-stainless-steel-washers-market-outlook
Stainless Steel Washer Industry10 
The stainless steel washers’ market is a thriving industry 
valued at $2.5 billion in 2024 and is poised for steady 
growth, reaching an estimated $3.8 billion by 2033, at a 
compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.2 % over the 
forecast period, from 2026 to 2033. 
The Indian stainless steel market with an estimated 
generation of $2 billion, is projected to register a CAGR of 
6.2%.11  The market has experienced substantial growth 
due to the thriving manufacturing and industrial sectors, 
which rely heavily on washers for various applications 
in machinery and equipment assembly. This market 
encompasses the manufacturing, distribution and 
sale of washers specifically made from stainless steel 
. These washers play a crucial role in various industrial 
applications. They function as fasteners, distributing loads, 
providing structural support and preventing threaded 
fasteners from loosening.
Emerging Trends 
The stainless steel washer industry is seeing some key 
trends emerging. Some of them are:
Increasing demand in electronics industry
The electronics industry is driving demand for high 
performance washers with their application in connectors, 
circuit boards and power electronics. Washers are 
increasingly used in electronics for their ability to maintain 
consistent pressure, absorb vibrations and resist corrosion.
5.  Export Growth – Increasing global demand for high-
quality Indian finishing sheets.
6.  Automation & Smart Manufacturing – Improving 
precision and consistency.
Outlook 
The outlook for the finishing sheet industry is positive, 
driven by growing demand from construction, 
appliances, and automotive sectors. Rising exports, focus 
on premium finishes, and sustainable material use are 
key growth drivers. Advancements in surface treatment 
and customization will further enhance market 
potential globally 
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
48
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 36 =====
12https://www.businessresearchinsights.com/market-reports/stainless-steel-pipes-and-tube-market-106732
13https://www.blueweaveconsulting.com/report/india-steel-pipes-and-steel-tubes-market#:~:text=India%20Steel%20Pipes%20and%20Steel%20
Tubes%20Market%20size%20was%20estimated,USD%2037.69%20billion%20by%202030.
Shift toward high performance and specialty grades of SS
A significant trend is the shift towards high performance 
grades of stainless steel to meet the demanding nature 
of industries such as aerospace, marine and renewable 
energy. Specialty grade washers offer enhanced strength, 
corrosion resistance and temperature tolerance. 
Outlook 
The outlook for the stainless steel washer industry 
remains positive, driven by steady growth in key sectors 
such as construction, automotive, heavy machinery and 
renewable energy. As infrastructure projects accelerate 
and industries adopt more durable, corrosion resistant 
materials, demand for stainless steel washers are 
expected to rise. 
Stainless Steel Pipes and Tubes Industry12
The stainless steel tubes and pipes industry plays a key role 
in supporting infrastructure and industrial development 
worldwide. These tubes and pipes find wide range of 
applications across sectors such as oil and gas, power 
generation, construction, automotive and food processing. 
As global markets recover and industrial activities gain 
momentum, the sector reflect a strong growth trajectory. 
The industry which was valued at around $34.16 billion in 
CY 2024, is expected to cross $50 billion by CY 2033.
With the Indian steel pipes and tubes industry  booming, 
it is set to reach an estimated market size of $37.69 
billion by 2030. It is one of the significant verticals of the 
Indian steel sector, contributing around 8% of India’s 
steel utilisation.13
Emerging Trends 
The stainless steel tubes and market industry is 
experiencing new trends that are shaping its future.
Diversified application in automotive industry
Stainless Steel tubes and pipes are widely used across 
various applications in the automotive industry, including 
exhaust systems, fuel lines and cooling systems. Its 
durability, corrosion resistance and strength make them 
ideal for vehicle components. The increasing emphasis on 
for fuel efficiency and emission reduction is expected to 
further drive demand. 
Seamless stainless steel pipes
Demand for seamless stainless steel (SS) pipes has 
been increasing, driven by its ability to withstand high 
pressures and elevated temperatures. These pipes are 
being increasingly used across sectors such as oil and 
gas, power generation and chemical processing units, as 
these pipes offer superior strength, corrosion resistance 
and reliability compared to welded alternatives, making 
them the preferred choice. 
Growth drivers in various sectors
Oil and Gas
The expansion of oil and gas pipeline network 
will spur demand for SS pipes and tubes as they 
are preferred due to their corrosion resistance in 
harsh conditions.
Pharmaceutical Energy
The growing pharmaceutical manufacturing base, as 
well as the need for sterile, corrosion-free stainless 
steel tubing in cleanroom and injectable facilities 
will drive growth in SS tubes and pipes.
Construction & Infrastructure
The recovery in construction activities is set to impact 
demand for stainless steel in architectural applications.
Capital Goods Industry
Increasing investments in industrial infrastructure, 
manufacturing automation, and process efficiency 
are driving demand for durable, corrosion-resistant 
piping solutions in the capital goods sector. 
49
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 37 =====
Outlook 
The stainless steel tubes and pipes industry is set for 
sustained growth, underpinned by the material’s inherent 
durability, corrosion resistance and high performance. 
As global industrial activity continues to rebound and 
infrastructure development accelerates, the demand for 
reliable and high-quality materials is expected to rise. 
Stainless steel will continue to be the preferred choice 
across sectors.
Fastener Industry14
The global fastener industry is projected to be valued 
at $125.87 billion by 2032, with the Asia Pacific region 
leading the market. In India, the fastener market is 
expected to surpass $7,000 million by 2030, growing at 
a CAGR of 8.4% from 2025 to 2030. This growth is fuelled 
by rising demand across construction, aerospace, marine 
and automobile sectors, along with the manufacturing 
of durable goods. Despite challenges such as raw 
material cost fluctuations and supply chain disruptions, 
the industry is set for expansion driven by, increased 
infrastructure investments and consumer spending. 
Emerging Trends
Technological Developments
The market for industrial fasteners is undergoing 
significant technological advancements aimed at 
developing lightweight fasteners. There is also rising 
demand for hybrid fasteners that incorporate moulded 
plastic components with metal elements, particularly in 
automotive, aerospace and electronics sectors, to reduce 
overall weight and improve efficiency.
Use of advanced materials
The use of advanced materials like titanium, composites 
and lightweight alloys are set to increase given that 
these materials offer a combination of reduced weight 
and durability. 
Outlook 
The fastener industry is poised for steady growth, driven 
by strong demand from core sectors like construction, 
automotive, aerospace and industrial machinery. 
Emerging markets in the Asia-Pacific region are expected 
to be major growth drivers. The industry is also seeing 
new opportunities emerge with an increased focus on 
lightweight and high performance fasteners. 
14https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/industrial-fasteners-market-102732
Company Overview
Established in 2002, Ratnaveer Precision Engineering 
Limited has emerged as one of India’s largest 
manufacturers and suppliers of stainless steel , with a 
production capacity of 30,000 metric tons per year.
The Company offers a wide product range that includes 
over 2500 types of stainless-steel washers in different 
sizes, all in accordance with international standards, along 
with solar mounting hooks, finishing sheets, stainless 
steel tubes and pipes. Quality control is integrated  
throughout the product life cycle, ensuring adherence to 
the highest quality standard. Headquartered in Gujarat, 
the Company operates five manufacturing units in India 
and has a global presence, including Germany, Spain, 
the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. The Company 
through its manufacturing units incorporates in-house 
backward integration which makes it an independent 
entity in its supply chain. While primarily operating as a 
B2B business, RPEL also implements forward integration 
in its tubes and pipes division, enabling direct delivery 
to the end user. 
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
50
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 38 =====
Customer-Centric Approach
At Ratnaveer, customer satisfaction 
is at the core of its business strategy. 
The Company maintains strong, 
long-term customer relationships 
and ensures that its products exceed 
customer expectations, enhancing 
its competitive edge.
Global Presence
With a well-established footprint 
in both domestic and international 
markets, RPEL’s global presence 
is a key strength. This extensive 
reach diversifies revenue streams, 
enhances market resilience and 
positions the Company to capitalise 
on growth opportunities worldwide.
Backward and Forward Integration
RPEL’s in-house backward 
integration transforms operational 
waste into raw materials,  reducing 
dependence on external suppliers 
and improving efficiency. Forward 
integration in the pipes and tubes 
division allows direct access to end 
users, increasing control over product 
delivery and customer engagement.
Diverse Product Portfolio
The Company’s comprehensive 
range of stainless steel products 
serve across various industries. This 
versatility enables the Company to 
meet customer needs, adapt to the 
changing market trends and helps 
maintain a competitive edge.
High Quality Standard
RPEL’s high quality standards across 
processes ensures consistency 
and precision at every stage of 
production. This commitment 
of delivering quality products 
drives customer satisfaction 
and strengthens its reputation 
for reliability. 
Strong Financials
RPEL’s robust financial position 
provides a solid foundation for 
sustainable growth. Strong revenues, 
stable margins and disciplined 
financial management empowers 
the Company to pursue growth 
opportunities while effectively 
managing risk. 
Key Strengths
Outlook
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited is poised to 
continue its impressive growth trajectory, leveraging over 
13 years of industry experience. With a strong emphasis 
on global expansion, the Company has cultivated a 
diverse customer base spread across 31 countries 
worldwide, effectively mitigating risks associated with 
regional market fluctuations. RPELs diversified product 
portfolio including stainless steel washers, solar mounting 
hooks, finishing sheets, stainless steel tubes and pipes 
ensures solutions tailored to a variety of customer needs. 
This approach ensures the development of innovative 
products, attracting new clients while enhancing  
loyalty among existing customers. RPEL’s continued 
focus on automation  further reduces human errors, 
thereby improving overall customer satisfaction. Despite 
headwinds arising out of global uncertainties, RPEL is well 
equipped and positioned to overcome challenges and to 
sustain its upward momentum.
51
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 39 =====
 
Particulars FY 2024 - 2025 FY 2023 - 2024 % Change
Revenue from Operations 8918.78 5953.79 49.80
Other Income 40.32 70.21 -42.57
Total Revenue 8959.1 6024 48.72
Expenses    
Cost of Material Consumed 7968.53 5667.35 40.60
Purchases of Stock in Trade - - -
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods and Work-in-
Progress
-423.24 -545.29 -22.38
Employee Benefit Expense 102.74 68.14 50.78
Other Expenses 406.84 263.76 54.25
EBITDA 904.23 570.04 58.63
Depreciation 170.92 58.24 193.48
EBIT 733.31 511.8 43.28
Finance Cost 126.78 120.87 4.89
EBT Before Exceptional and Extraordinary Items and Tax 606.53 390.93 55.15
Exceptional Items: Gain on Sale of Fixed Asset - -  
EBT Before Extraordinary Items and Tax 606.53 390.93 55.15
Tax 138.38 80.43 72.05
PAT 468.15 310.5 50.77
Total Comprehensive Income -3.3 -0.06 5400.00
Profit after Tax and Adjustment 464.85 310.44 49.74
EPS 9.31 7.61 22.34
 
Ratio FY 2024 - 2025 FY 2023 - 2024 % Change
Gross Profit Margin 17.24% 10.91% 58.02
EBITDA Margin 10.09% 9.57% 5.43
PAT Margin 5.23% 5.21% 0.38
EPS 9.31 7.61 22.34
Return on Equity 15.03% 16.69% -9.95
Debt to Equity Ratio 0.44 0.85 -48.24
Current Ratio 1.62 1.75 -7.43
Financial Overview
Risks and Mitigation Strategies
 
Risks Mitigation Strategies: 
Price Volatility: Disruptions in the supply chain 
can cause rise in prices of nickel, chromium 
and other alloying elements in steel, impacting 
the Company’s profitability.
	 Engaged in securing long term contracts 
with key suppliers
	 Sourcing raw materials from multiple suppliers
	 Maintenance of inventory levels to act as a buffer 
against short term price hikes to ensure cost stability 
and uninterrupted production.
Compliance Risk: Changes in environmental 
regulations and trade policies  affecting 
imports and exports can disrupt operations. 
Non-compliance with evolving standards can 
lead to penalties, operational disruptions and 
reputational damage.
	 Active participation in industry advocacy initiatives
	 Investments in eco-friendly technologies.
Cyclical Demand Risk: Fluctuations in demand 
for stainless steel products due to changes in 
government policies, economic cycles and 
industry trends can impact sales performance 
and revenue generation.
	 RPEL offers a comprehensive product range- from 
washer and mounting hooks to pipes and tubes 
	 Expanding global presence helps the Company to 
stay resilient in times of regional demand fluctuations 
ensuring business continuity.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
52
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 40 =====
 
Risks Mitigation Strategies: 
Financial Risk: RPEL is exposed to various 
financial risks such as credit risk and interest 
rate risk arising due to changes in borrowing 
cost, liquidity risks from cash flow shortfalls and 
foreign exchange risk, all of which can affect 
the day-to -day operations of the Company.
	 RPEL benefits from a dedicated team of experts who 
constantly analyse the Company’s financial health to 
ensure informed decision-making
	 Proactive measures are taken to monitor and 
mitigate financial risks thoroughly.
Market Competition Risk: Increased 
competition from domestic and international 
competitors can lead to reduced market share, 
increased pricing pressure and shrinking 
margins, affecting the profitability of the 
Company.
	 RPEL prioritises a customer-first approach, enabling 
relationships based on trust and reliability
	 The Company adheres to the highest levels of quality 
across processes
	 The Company is committed to providing 
differentiated, value-added stainless steel products 
to enhance customer utility.
Operational Efficiency Risk: Disruptions 
caused by equipment failures, supply chain 
issues and process inefficiencies can impact 
production timelines and increase costs. This 
can cause customer dissatisfaction and hinder 
overall operational performance.
	 Contingency plans are already in place to address 
potential supply chain disruptions
	 Healthy relationships with multiple suppliers are 
maintained to ensure reliable supply of raw materials.
Technology Obsolescence Risk: Rapid 
advancements in manufacturing technologies 
require constant innovation. Failure to keep up 
with the trends in innovation can lead to loss 
of market relevance.
	 The Company is engaged in continuous investments 
in the in-house research and development facility
	 Continuous enhancement of product designs and 
optimisation of manufacturing processes
Internal control systems and their adequacy
Internal control systems in the organisation are looked 
as the key to its effective functioning. The internal 
regulatory structure is tailored to the Company and its 
operations. The Company has a proper and adequate 
system of internal controls to ensure that all assets 
are safeguarded and protected against loss from 
unauthorised use. The Company has a defined strategic 
structure, with clear reporting and communication lines, 
authority levels and guidelines for conducting business 
transactions. The internal Audit Committee reviews 
all reports as prescribed under the regulations and 
compliance systems and suggests better internal control 
systems, policies and procedures as and when required. 
Based on the assessment and analysis of these reports, 
recommendations for improvements are provided for 
smooth operation.
The Company is committed to adhering to all regulations, 
guidelines and procedures and are willing to implement 
further measures as and when required. . 
Human Resources
RPEL acknowledges human resource as the key driving 
force behind its success The Company undertakes 
several initiatives to enhance the employee experience, 
bringing about a culture of learning and development 
and promoting diversity and inclusion across the 
organisation. The objective of the Company is to motivate 
and encourage a future ready workforce, one that is both 
adaptive and agile. The Company believes that investing 
in human capital is crucial for achieving long-term 
sustainable growth and maintaining a competitive edge 
in the industry. As of March 31, 2025, the Company has a 
working force of 318 individuals. 
Employee safety remains a top priority at RPEL. Regular 
safety trainings and standard safety protocols are 
employed to ensure safety and well-being of employees. 
Through progressive HR policies and initiatives, the 
Company ensures a workplace culture that supports 
the development and well-being of employees, both 
professionally and personally. 
Information Technology
RPEL recognises the importance of Information 
Technology in driving growth and operational excellence. 
The Company continues to invest in IT infrastructure to 
further enhance efficiency, reduce operational costs and 
support innovation and digital transformation within its 
segments. This strategic focus positions the Company 
well for the future, enabling it to capitalise on emerging 
opportunities and drive sustained growth.
53
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 41 =====
Cautionary Statement
Certain statements in the Management Discussion and Analysis section describing the Company’s goals, future 
expectations and projections maybe forward-looking statements in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. 
While based on assumptions with available information, the actual results may differ materially from expectations due 
to factors beyond the Company’s influence. Factors such as changes in the fiscal policy, monetary policy and the political 
environment in India, as well as the geo-political relations and trade tariffs can affect the Company’s operations. The 
Company assumes no obligation to revise or update forward-looking statements that may arise due to future events, 
new information, new developments, or otherwise.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
54
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 42 =====
[H In Million]
Particulars FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Net Sales/ Income from Operation 8918.78 5953.79
Other Income 40.32 70.21
Total Income 8959.10 6024.00
Profit before interest, Depreciation & Tax 904.23 570.04
Less Interest (Financial Cost) 126.78 120.87
 Depreciation 170.92 58.24
Profit/Loss Before Exceptional Item &Tax Exp. 606.53 390.93
Add/Less Exceptional Items 0.00 0.00
Profit/Loss Before Tax 606.53 390.93
Less Previous years Adjustments 57.05 47.80
 Provision for Current & Deferred 81.33 32.63
Net Profit/Loss after tax 468.15 310.50
Total Comprehensive Income/loss 3.3 0.06
Total 464.85 310.44
Add: Balance carried from Profit & Loss A/c 0 0.00
Less: Provision for earlier year taxation 0 0.00
Net Profit/Loss after tax and adjustments 464.85 310.44
Transferred to general Reserve 0 0.00
Balance carried to the balance sheet 464.85 310.42
EPS (Basic & Diluted) 9.31 7.61
Board’s Report
To, 
The Members 
The Board of Directors (“the Board”) are pleased to present the 23 rd Annual Report of Ratnaveer Precision Engineering 
Limited (“the Company”) together with Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the Financial Year (“FY”) 
ended March 31, 2025.
01. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS:
02. DIVIDEND
 Your directors have decided not to declare any 
dividend for the financial year 2024-25. This is 
mainly due to conserve the financial resources of 
the Company for future growth of the Company. 
Considering the Market Capitalization, the provisions 
of Dividend Distribution Policy is not applicable to 
the Company for the FY 2025-26.
03. TRANSFER TO RESERVES
 No amount is proposed to be transferred to general 
reserves for the financial year ended on March 2025. 
Entire amounts of profit to be retained in profit 
and loss account.
04. CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS,  
IF ANY:
 There is no change in the nature of business during 
the financial year ended 31.03.2025.
05. MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, 
IF ANY, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL 
POSITION OF THE COMPANY BETWEEN 
BALANCE SHEET DATE AND DATE OF 
BOARD’S REPORT:
 In terms of Section 134(3)(l) of the Companies Act, 
2013, there have not been any material changes and 
commitments affecting the financial position of the 
Company which have occurred between the end 
of the financial year as on 31 st March, 2025 and the 
date of the Report.
06. STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIRS AND 
REVIEW OF BUSINESS OPERATIONS & 
FUTURE PROSPECTS:
 During the year under review, the revenue from 
operations (standalone) increased by 49.80% from  
H 5953.79 million in FY 2023-24 to H 8918.78 million in 
FY 2024-25. Profit before interest, tax, depreciation, 
and amortization (‘EBITDA’) increased by 58.63% from 
55
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 43 =====
H 570.04 million in FY 2023-24 to H 904.23 million in  
FY 2024-25. Profit after tax from Operations increased 
by 50.77% from H 310.50 million in FY 2023-24 to  
H 468.15 million in FY 2024-25. Earnings per share 
have increased from H 7.61 per share in the FY 2023-
24 to H 9.31 per share, recording a growth of 22.34%. 
The key growth drivers for profits during the year 
have been increased sales volume, cost optimization 
measures, and expansion into new markets.
 The Board of Directors are happy to inform you 
that the Company has achieved the targeted 
financial position. The company is one of the leading 
producers of highest range of S.S. Fastener Industry 
related products viz. Stainless-Steel Washers, Solar 
Panel Hooks, Tubes, Finished Sheets and Sheet Metal 
Products. The company is exporting its products to 
various countries such as USA, UK, Germany, France, 
Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, 
Austria etc,. Each of the Company’s Products 
undergo various examinations at different stages of 
production. The company is focusing to build long 
lasting customer relationship which will make us 
preferred supplier. 
 In present business scenario, Company is exploring 
for better growth and will be able to maintain the 
same by following global standards. However, 
Company needs to spread its wings and its portfolio 
by adding new products for emerging amongst new 
global suppliers.
07. PRIVATE PLACEMENT OF EQUITY SHARES 
AND ISSUE OF WARRANTS
 During the Financial Year 2024-25, the Company 
has issued and allot 45,50,349 Equity shares of 
H 10/- each on preferential basis to the persons 
belonging to Non-promoter category on 20 th 
August, 2024. The said equity shares were issued at 
a price of H 143/- (including premium of H 133 each). 
The company raised of H 65,06,99,907 from the said 
private placement.
 During the Financial Year 2024-25, the Company 
has also issued and allotted 20,27,972 warrants to 
the promoter Mr. Vijay Sanghavi, Managing Director 
of the Company. Each convertible warrants shall be 
converted into one equity share of a face value of  
H 10/- each fully paid-up equity share of the Company 
at any time within 18 months from the date of 
allotment of the warrants.
08. SHARE CAPITAL AND CHANGE THEREIN
 Subsequent to the completion of the private 
placement of equity shares, the paid-up equity share 
capital of the Company increased from H 48,49,90,400 
to H 53,04,93,890 (excluding of preference shares of 
H 1,85,00,000).
 Authorised Share Capital of the Company is  
J 65,00,00,000/- (Rupees Sixty Five Crore Only) 
divided into 6,20,00,000 (Six Crores Twenty 
Lacs) Equity Shares of H 10/- (Rupees Ten only) 
each and 30,00,000 Preference Shares of H 10/- 
(Rupees Ten) each.
 Issued, Subscribed and Paid-up share capital 
of the Company is J 54,89,93,890/- (Rupees Fifty 
Four Crore Eighty Nine Lacs Ninety Three Thousand 
Eight Hundred Ninety only) divided into 5,30,49,389 
(Five Crore Thirty Lacs Forty Nine Thousand Three 
Hundred Eighty Nine only) Equity Shares of H 10/- 
(Rupees Ten Only) each and 18,50,000 Preference 
Shares of H 10/- (Rupees Ten) each.
 Buy Back of Securities
 Your Company has not bought back any of its 
securities during the year under review. 
 Sweat Equity
 Your Company has not issued any Sweat Equity 
Shares during the year under review.
 Bonus Shares
 Your Company has not issued any Bonus Shares 
during the year under review.
 Employee Stock Option Plan
 Your Company has not provided any Stock Option 
Scheme to the employees.
09. DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGERIAL 
PERSONNEL AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT 
AND CHANGE THEREIN
 During the year under review, there were changes in 
the composition of the board of directors and KMP 
of the company.
At the end of the year following are the directors of the company
Sr. 
No. Name of Directors Designation Date of 
Appointment 
1 Mr. Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi Managing Director and CFO 20/02/2002
2 Mr. Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot Whole time Director 01/07/2019
3 Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradamangalam Independent Director 16/04/2022
4 Dr. Binita Verdia Non-Executive Director 07/09/2022
5 Mrs. Karuna Advani Independent Director 12/12/2023
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
56
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 44 =====
Sr. 
No. Name of Directors Designation Date of 
Appointment 
6 Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar Shah Independent Director 22/05/2024
7 Mr. Umeshsinh Bhanupratapsinh Rathod Independent Director 28/01/2024
8 Mr. Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia Independent Director 28/01/2024
i. Mr. Vijay Sanghavi :  Managing Director cum 
CFO
ii. Mr. Babulal Chaplot :  Wholetime Director 
iii.  Mr. Umang 
Lalpurwala 
:  Company Secretary 
cum Compliance Officer
 Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 2(51) and 
203 of the Act read with Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, the following persons are 
acting as Key Managerial Personnel of the Company 
as on the date of this Report:‐
 The Company has appointed Mr. Umeshsinh 
Bhanupratapsinh Rathod (DIN: 07378004) and Mr. 
Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia (DIN: 02329466) as 
Independent Directors with effect from 28/01/2025 
and Mr. Bharat Kanchanlal Shah (DIN: 00587810) 
and Mr. Ninad Raje (DIN: 07155714) who were 
Independent Directors of the Company have 
resigned w.e.f. 07.06.2024 and 15.07.2024 respectively 
due to their other pre-occupation.
 The Board on recommendation of Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and subject to the 
approval of the shareholders by way of a Special 
Resolution proposed to appoint Mr. Umeshsinh 
Bhanupratapsinh Rathod (DIN: 07378004) and Mr. 
Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia (DIN: 02329466) as 
Independent Directors with effect from 28th January, 
2025 for a period of 5 (Five) years. 
 Ms. Swati Sharda who was a Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer of the Company has also 
resigned from her position with effect from 18 th 
November, 2024. The Board has appointed Mr. 
Umang Lalpurwala as a Company Secretary and 
Compliance officer w.e.f 28.01.2025.
 The details in respect of qualification, area of 
expertise etc. of all the above appointee directors are 
provided in annexure to the notice. You are therefore 
in the interest of the company requested to accord 
your consent to these resolutions.
 Based on the confirmation received from the 
Directors, neither of these Directors are disqualified 
under Section 164(2) of the Act. 
10. INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
 Your Company has received declarations from all the 
Independent Directors confirming that they meet 
the criteria of independence as prescribed under 
Section 149(6) of the Act read with sub rule (1) and 
sub rule (2) of Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment 
and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014 and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
and they are independent of the management and 
they have complied with the code for Independent 
prescribed in Schedule IV of the Act.
 In terms of Regulation 25(8) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, they have confirmed that they are not 
aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist 
or may be reasonably anticipated, that could impair 
or impact their ability to discharge their duties with 
an objective independent judgment and without 
any external influence. The Board of Directors of 
the Company has taken on record the declaration 
and confirmation submitted by the Independent 
Directors after undertaking due assessment of the 
veracity of the same. They are not liable to retire by 
rotation in terms of Section 149(13) of the Act.
 The Board is of the opinion that the all Directors 
including the Independent Directors of the Company 
possess requisite qualifications, experience and 
expertise in their relative fields and that they hold 
highest standards of integrity.
 The Independent Directors of the Company have 
confirmed that they have enrolled themselves in 
the Independent Directors’ Databank maintained 
with the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (“IICA”) 
in terms of Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 
of the Companies (Appointment & Qualification of 
Directors) Rules, 2014.
 Opinion of the Board with regard to integrity, 
expertise and experience (including proficiency) of 
the Independent Directors: 
 The Board is of the opinion that the Independent 
Directors of the Company are professionally qualified 
and well experienced in their respective domains 
and meet the criteria regarding integrity, expertise, 
experience and proficiency. Their qualifications, 
specialized domain knowledge, strategic thinking, 
decision making and vast experience in varied fields 
has immensely contributed in strengthening the 
Company’s processes to align the same with good 
industry practices.
11. FAMILIARISATION PROGRAMME FOR 
INDEPENDNET DIRECTOR:
 In compliance with the requirements of Regulation 
25(7) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company 
has put in place a Familiarisation Programme for 
57
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 45 =====
the Independent Directors to familiarise them with 
the Company, their roles, rights, responsibilities 
in the Company, nature of the industry in which 
the Company operates, business model etc. The 
details of the Familiarisation Programme imparted 
to Independent Directors are also available on the 
Company’s official website at www.ratnaveer.com .
12. FORMAL ANNUAL EVALUATION
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(p) of the 
Act and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Board has 
carried out an annual performance evaluation of its 
own, the Chairperson, Board’s Committees, as well 
as, Directors individually including performance of 
Independent Directors, after seeking inputs from 
all the Directors/Committee members and finds it 
satisfactory. The manner in which the evaluation has 
been carried out has been explained in the Corporate 
Governance Report.
 Your Company has also received declaration from 
all the Directors and senior management personnel 
on compliance of Code of Conduct as, formulated 
by the Company.
13. BOARD AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS
 During the Financial Year 2024-25 under review, 11 
(Eleven) meetings of the Board of Directors were held 
in accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with rules made there under and 
the applicable secretarial standards. The details of 
the Board Meetings with regard to their dates and 
attendance of each of the Directors thereat have been 
provided in the Corporate Governance Report which 
forms part of the Annual Report of the Company. 
The intervening gap between the meetings of Board 
of Directors of the Company were within the period 
prescribed under the Act.
Details of Committee Meetings of Board of 
Directors
 The Company has duly constituted the following 
mandatory Committees in terms of the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended from time to time viz.
 a. Audit Committee;
 b. Nomination and Remuneration Committee;
 c. Stakeholders Relationship Committee and
 d. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee;  
Risk Management committee  
 The Composition of all such Committees, number 
of meetings held during the year under review, 
attendance of each of the Directors at such 
meetings, brief terms of reference and other details 
have been provided in the Corporate Governance 
Report which forms part of this Annual Report. All 
the recommendations made by the Committees 
were accepted by the Board. 
 Further as per Section 177(8) of the Act, as amended 
from time to time, there have been no instances 
during the year where recommendations of 
the Audit Committee were not accepted by the 
Board of Directors.
14. SEPARATE MEETING OF INDEPENDENT 
DIRECTORS
 During the year under review, one (1) Separate 
meeting of Independent Directors was held on 09 th 
November, 2024. The details of the Independent 
Directors Meeting and the attendance of the 
Directors etc. are provided in the Corporate 
Governance Report, which forms part of this Report.
 LISTING ON STOCK EXCHANGES
 The Equity Shares of the Company continue to 
remain listed on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and National 
Stock Exchanges of India Limited (“NSE”). The annual 
listing fees for the 2025-26 has been paid.
15. DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
 In accordance with the provisions of Section 134(3)
(C) of the Companies Act, 2013, in relation to financial 
statements of the Company for the year ended 
31st March, 2025 the Board hereby submits its 
Responsibility Statements that:-
 a) In the preparation of the annual accounts, the 
applicable accounting standards had been 
followed along with proper explanation relating 
to material departures;
 b) The directors had selected such accounting 
policies and applied them consistently and 
made judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and 
fair view of the state of affairs of the Company at 
the end of the financial year and of the profit of 
the Company for that period;
 c) The directors had taken proper and sufficient 
care for the maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of this Act for safeguarding the 
assets of the Company and for preventing and 
detecting fraud and other irregularities;
 d) The directors had prepared the annual accounts 
on a going concern basis; 
 e) The directors had devised proper systems to 
ensure compliance with the provisions of all 
applicable laws and that such systems were 
adequate and operating effectively.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
58
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 46 =====
 f) Internal financial controls (as required by 
explanation to section 134(5)(e) of the Act) is 
being followed by the Company and that such 
internal financial controls are adequate and 
were operating effectively;
16. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES 
OR INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186 OF 
THE COMPANIES ACT 2013 
 Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments 
covered under the provisions of Section 186 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 are given in the notes forming 
part of the Financial Statements and forms a part of 
this Annual Report.
17. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS OF IPO, 
PRIVATE PLACEMENT AND WARRANTS
 Your Company has utilised IPO proceeds as per the 
objects stated in the Prospectus of the Company 
and pursuant to Regulation 32 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) during 
the period under review, there was no deviation 
/ variation in utilisation of funds raised in respect 
of the Initial Public Offering of the Company. The 
Company had appointed Care Ratings Limited as 
Monitoring Agency in terms of Regulation 41 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018 as amended from time to time, to monitor the 
utilisation of IPO proceeds and the Company had 
obtained monitoring reports from the Monitoring 
Agency from time to time. As the Company had 
fully utilized the IPO proceeds in second quarter of 
the financial year 2024-25, no further reporting on 
utilization of IPO proceeds required to be submitted 
to stock exchanges.
 Your Company has also fully utilized the proceeds of 
private placement in the third quarter of the financial 
2024-25 and there was no deviation / variation in 
utilisation of funds raised in respect of the private 
placement of the Company.
 Your Company has received partly payment of  
H 7.25 crores (25% of total issue price) against issue of 
warrants and the proceeds of the same were utilsed 
without any deviation/ variation.
 The Company has after placing before the 
Audit Committee and the Board, submitted 
the statement(s) and report as required under 
Regulation 32 of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
to both the exchanges where the shares of the 
Company are listed.
18. INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS
 During the year under review, the Industrial Relations 
remained cordial. Your Company is committed 
to uphold its excellent reputation in the field of 
Industrial relations. 
19. DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL 
HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT 
WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION 
AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013:
 The Company has zero tolerance for sexual 
harassment at its workplace and has adopted a 
Policy on prevention, prohibition and redressal 
of sexual harassment at the workplace in line 
with the provisions of the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013 and the Rules thereunder for 
prevention and redressal of complaints of sexual 
harassment at workplace. 
 Pursuant to the Sexual Harassment of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) 
Act, 2013 (“POSH Act”) and Rules made thereunder, 
the Company has formed an Internal Complaint 
Committee (“ICC”) for its workplaces to address 
complaints pertaining to sexual harassment in 
accordance with the POSH Act. The Company has a 
detailed policy for prevention of sexual harassment 
at workplace which ensures a free and fair enquiry 
process with clear timelines for resolution.
 The Policy is uploaded on the website of the 
Company at https://ratnaveer.com/policy/
PolicyonPreentionofSexualHarassment.pdf.
 During the Year under review, the details regarding 
complaints on sexual harassment are given as under. 
 a. Number of complaints of sexual harassment 
received in the year: NIL
 b. Number of complaints disposed off 
during the year: NA
 c. Number of cases pending for more than 
ninety days: NA
 Further, the details / disclosure pertaining to 
number of complaints filed and disposed during the 
FY 2024-25 and pending as on end of the financial 
year i.e. 31 st March, 2025 has been provided in the 
Corporate Governance Report which is forming part 
of this Report.
59
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 47 =====
20. COMPLIANCE OF THE PROVISIONS 
RELATING TO THE MATERNITY BENEFIT 
ACT, 1961
 During the FY 2024-25 The Company has 
implemented the policy for the benefit of the 
maternity in compliance of the provisions of the 
Maternity Benefit Act, 1961.
 During the Year under review, there was no any 
application received for the maternity leave and 
for other benefits applicable under the Maternity 
Benefit Act, 1961.
21.  BOARD DIVERSITY
 The Company recognizes and embraces the 
importance of a diverse Board in its success. The Board 
has adopted the Board Diversity Policy which sets out 
the approach to diversity of the Board of Directors. 
The policy is available on our website at https://
ratnaveer.com/policy/BoardDiversityPolicy.pdf.
22. PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES AND 
RELATED DISCLOSURES
 The information required pursuant to section 197 
(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 in respect of the 
employees of the Company is given in Annexure 
“A”. The disclosure is available for inspection by the 
Members at the Registered Office of your Company 
during business hours on all working days of the 
Company up to the date of the ensuing AGM. Any 
Member interested in obtaining such information 
may send their email to cs@ratnaveer.com .
 There is no Employee in the company who was / 
is drawing remuneration more than managerial 
personnel nor there did any employee who has 
drawn remuneration more than H 102.00 Lakhs p.a. 
or 8.50 Lakhs p.m. as describe under Rules Rule 
5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. 
Salary of Mr. Vijay Sanghavi is 54,00,000 p.a. as per 
CG Report and Babulal Sir is 8,41,848 p.a.
23. SUBSIDIARY, ASSOCIATE AND JOINT 
VENTURE COMPANIES
 The Company incorporated one foreign wholly owned 
subsidiary Company at UAE namely Ratnaveer 
Stainless Inox LLC (Limited Liability Company), which 
received business license on 17 th October, 2023. 
Further, the company does not have any material 
subsidiary in terms of Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Listing Regulations. The Said subsidiary Company is 
yet to commence business operation. 
 Hence Consolidation of Financial Statement is not 
applicable. Hence, the Statement containing salient 
features of the financial statement of subsidiaries 
Company as per the Companies Act, 2013 is not 
provided herewith.
 The Company does not have any joint venture or 
associate company.
24. CREDIT RATING
 During the financial year under review, the long 
term and short term credit ratings of your Company 
has been to “IVR BBB+/Positive Outlook” and “IVR 
A2” respectively.
25. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 During the FY 2024-25, the Company has entered 
into transactions with related parties as defined 
under Section 2(76) of the Act read with Companies 
(Specification of Definitions Details) Rules, 2014, all 
Related Party Transactions as entered into during 
the financial year were at Arm’s Length basis and 
were in ordinary course of business. No materially 
significant related party transactions were entered 
by the Company with Promoters, Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, other designated persons 
or other related parties, which may have potential 
conflict with the interest of the Company at large.
 All related party transactions were approved by the 
Audit Committee, as well as, the Board of Directors. 
 The summary of such transactions is given in Note 
No. 42 of ‘Notes forming part of Accounts’.
 The Policy on Related Party Transactions has been 
uploaded on the Company’s Website, web‐link of which is 
https://ratnaveer.com/policy/Relatedpartypolicy2024-25.
pdf Form AOC – 2 as required under section 134 (3) (h) of 
the Act read with rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) 
Rules, 2014 is attached as Annexure “A (1)”.
26. DISCLOSURE ON CONSERVATION OF 
ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, 
FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO
 In terms of Sub-section 3(m) of Section 134 of the Act 
read with Rule 12(1) of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, particulars relating 
to conservation of energy, technology absorption, 
foreign exchange earnings and outgo are given in 
Annexure “B” forming part of this report.
27. ANNUAL RETURN 
 As per provisions of Section 92 and 134(3) (a) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rules made 
thereunder, the Annual Return in Form no. MGT-7 
for the FY 2024-25 is placed on the website of the 
Company, web-link of which is https://ratnaveer.com/
annualreturn.html 
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
60
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 48 =====
28. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY 
(“CSR”) POLICY
 Your Company fall within the purview of Section 
135 of the Companies Act, 2013. The Company 
has constituted Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee and has initiated action to spend CSR 
amount during the year 2024-25. The Corporate Social 
Responsibility report is enclosed as Annexure "C".
 The Company is actively associated with various social 
activities undertaken by different Trusts and Societies, 
without any legal and statutory requirements. As a 
constructive partner in the communities in which 
it operates, the Company has been taking concrete 
action to realize its social responsibility objective. 
The Company has been playing a proactive role in 
the socio-economic growth and has contributed to 
all spheres ranging from sports, health, education, 
environment conservation etc.
29. VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER 
POLICY
 Your Company has a well-defined Whistle Blower 
Policy and has established Vigil Mechanism which 
provides adequate safeguards against victimization of 
Reporting persons who follow such mechanism and 
also make provisions for direct access to the Chairman 
of Audit Committee in appropriate cases. The Vigil 
Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy has been placed 
on the Company’s website https://ratnaveer.com/
policy/VigilMechanismWhistleBlowerPolicy.pdf .
30. POLICY ON NOMINATION AND 
REMUNERATION
 In compliance with the requirements of Section 
178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 
19 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company 
has laid down a Nomination and Remuneration 
policy which has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website. The web-link for Nomination & 
Remuneration Policy is https://ratnaveer.com/policy/
NominationandRemunaerationPolicy.pdf. The 
salient features of the NRC Policy are as under:-
 a) Setting out the objectives of the Policy
 b) Definitions for the purpose of the Policy
 c) Policy for appointment and removal of Director, 
KMP and Senior Management.
 d) Policy relating to the remuneration for 
the Managerial Personnel, KMP, Senior 
Management Personnel & other employees.
 The details with respect to terms of Reference are 
provided in the Corporate Governance Report form 
part of this report.
31. RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY
 The Risk Management Process is designed to 
safeguard the organization from various risks 
through adequate and timely actions. It is designed 
to anticipate, evaluate and mitigate risks in order 
to minimize its impact on the business. The 
potential risks are inventoried and integrated with 
the management process so that they receive the 
necessary consideration during decision making. It 
is dealt with in greater details in the management 
discussion and analysis section.
32. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 The Company has already formed the following 
Committees to ensure timely compliances and 
better corporate governance of all the applicable 
rules and regulations:
 (i) Audit Committee, 2) Nomination & 
Remuneration Committee and 3) Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee. The details about 
these committees are given in the Corporate 
Governance Report.
 Further as per Section 177(8) of the Act, as amended 
from time to time, there have been no instances 
during the year where recommendations of 
the Audit Committee were not accepted by the 
Board of Directors.
33. INSURANCE 
 The properties of the Company including plant and 
machinery, stocks etc. have been adequately insured. 
The Company has also taken adequate insurance 
cover for loss of profit and Standing Charges. In 
terms of Regulation 25(10) Listing Regulations, the 
Company has also taken Director’s and Officer’s 
Liability Policy to provide coverage against the 
liabilities arising on them.
34. FINANCE
 During the year under review, your Company availed 
various financial facilities from the existing Bankers 
as per the business requirements. Your Company has 
been regular in paying interest and in repayment of 
the principal amount of the term lenders.
35. AUDITORS
A) STATUTORY AUDITORS
 M/s. Pankaj R. Shah & Associates; Chartered 
Accountants (FRN: 107361W) Ahmedabad who were 
appointed as Statutory Auditors of the Company at 
the 20 th Annual General Meeting will continue as 
such for the term of five years. 
61
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 49 =====
 The Statutory Auditors’ report does not contain any 
qualification, reservation or adverse remark and is 
self-explanatory and unmodified and thus does not 
require any further clarifications / comments.
B) SECRETARIAL AUDITORS
 Pursuant to the provisions of section 204 of the Act and 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Company 
has appointed TNT and Associates, (CP No: 3123) a 
firm of Practicing Company Secretaries, Vadodara, 
as Secretarial Auditors to undertake Secretarial Audit 
of the Company for first term of five years i.e. from 
23rd Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of 
28th Annual General Meeting of the Company to be 
held for the FY 2029-30 on the terms and conditions 
as mentioned in the notice convening [.] Annual 
General Meeting forming part of this report. The 
Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year 2024-
25 is annexed herewith as Annexure “D”.
C) COST AUDITOR
 In terms of Section 148 of the Act, the Company is 
required to maintain cost records and have the audit 
of its cost records conducted by a Cost Accountant. 
Cost records are prepared and maintained by the 
Company as required under Section 148(1) of the Act.
 M/s. Ashish Bhavsar & Associates, Cost Accountants, 
have been appointed as Cost Auditors for audit of 
Cost Records and Statements for the financial year 
2025-26. The proposed remuneration for the said 
financial year, as stated in the notice of the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, is to be confirmed by the 
shareholders as required under section 148 of the Act.
 The Company has received certificate from the 
Cost Auditors for eligibility u/s 141(3)(g) of the 
Act for appointment as Cost Auditors and his / 
its independence and arm’s length relationship 
with the Company.
 Further the company has made and maintained 
proper Cost Records as specified by the Central 
Government under Section 148 (1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 for its business activities carried out 
during the year.
D) INTERNAL AUDITORS
 M/s. Bhadresh K Mehta & Co (Memb No-39858), 
Chartered Accountants, Vadodara have been 
appointed as Internal Auditors for conducting internal 
audit of the Company for the financial year 2025-26.
Explanation or Comments on disqualifications, 
reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers in 
the Auditors’ Reports;
 No disqualifications, reservations, adverse remarks 
or disclaimers have been reported in any Auditors’ 
Reports, requiring any explanation or comments by 
the Board of Directors of the Company.
36. REPORTING OF FRAUD DURING THE YEAR 
UNDER REVIEW
 During the FY 2024-25, The Auditors have not 
reported any instances of frauds committed in your 
Company by its officers or employees, to the Audit 
Committee under Section 143(12) of the Act details of 
which needs to be mentioned in this Report.
37. REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSIONS & 
ANALYSIS REPORT
 The Company has complied with all the applicable 
requirements of Corporate Governance as stipulated 
in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of 
Sub-Regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. A Separate Report on Corporate 
Governance and a Certificate obtained from TNT 
& Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, 
regarding compliance with the conditions of 
Corporate Governance.
38. DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL 
ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS 
OR COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING 
THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND 
COMPANY’S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE
 No significant and/or material orders were passed 
by any Regulator or Court or Tribunal impacting 
the going concern status and the Company’s 
operation in future.
39. INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS 
AND THEIR ADEQUACY
 The Company has adequate internal control systems, 
commensurate with the size and scale of the 
Company. However, looking to the need of the time 
it has been decided to widen the scope of internal 
audit and accordingly internal auditors have been 
appointed who submit their periodical reports to the 
Board and their advices are adopted and needful is 
done, if required for better control.
40. UNCLAIMED EQUITY SHARES AND 
DIVIDEND AND TRANSFER OF FUND TO 
IEPF AUTHORITY
 During the year under review, no amount was 
required to be transferred to Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (IEPF) as Company has not declared 
any dividend in the past.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
62
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 50 =====
 Your Company has appointed Mr. Umang Lalpurwala, 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer and also 
as Nodal Officer of the Company. Details of the same 
are available on the website of the Company at 
https://ratnaveer.com/investorsgrievances.html.
41. SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
 All the applicable secretarial standards issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) with 
respect to Board and General Meeting are being 
followed by the Company.
42. DEPOSITS
 The Company has not accepted any fixed deposits, 
within the meaning of section 73 of the companies 
Act 2013, Read with the Companies (Acceptance of 
Deposits) Rules, 2014 during the period under review. 
43. DETAILS OF LOANS AVAILED FROM 
DIRECTORS OR THEIR RELATIVES
 During the FY 2024-25 the Company has not availed 
any loan(s) from the Directors or their Relatives.
44. FAILURE TO IMPLEMENT ANY CORPORATE 
ACTION
 During the year under review, no such instance where 
the Company has failed to complete or implement 
any corporate action within specified time limit.
45. PROCEEDINGS PENDING UNDER THE 
INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 
2016 (“IBC”)
 There is no such proceeding or appeal pending 
under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 (31 of 
2016) during the year and at the end of the financial 
year, even upto the date of this report.
46. THE DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN 
AMOUNT OF THE VALUATION DONE AT 
THE TIME OF ONE TIME SETTLEMENT AND 
THE VALUATION DONE WHILE TAKING 
LOAN FROM THE BANKS OR FINANCIAL 
INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH REASONS 
THEREOF
 No such instance of One-time settlement or 
valuation was done while taking or discharging loan 
from the Banks / Financial institutions occurred 
during the year.
47. REVISION IN FINANCIAL STATEMENT OR 
BOARDS REPORT
 During the year under review, no revision in Financial 
Statement or Boards Report has been made 
pursuant to section 131 of the Companies Act, 2013.
48. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE DATE OF 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 As on the date of this Report, your Directors are not 
aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt 
with in this Report or in the financial statements 
of your Company, which would render any amount 
stated in the Accounts of the Company misleading. 
In the opinion of the Directors, no item, transaction 
or event of a material and unusual nature has arisen 
in the interval between the end of the financial 
year and the date of this report, which would affect 
substantially the result or the operations of your 
Company for the financial year in respect of which 
this report is made.
49. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
 Statements in the Annual Report, including those 
which relate to Management Discussion and Analysis 
describing the Company’s objectives, projections, 
estimates and expectations, may constitute 
‘forward looking’ statements within the meaning 
of applicable laws and regulations. Although the 
expectations are based on reasonable assumptions, 
the actual results might differ.
50. ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
 The Bankers and financial institutions have extended 
their full support, cooperation and valuable 
assistance to the Company. Your Directors place on 
record their appreciation for the same.
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED
 NAME: VIJAY R. SANGHAVI
DATE: 28.07.2025  Chairman 
PLACE: VADODARA  (DIN: 00495922)
63
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 51 =====
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED
 NAME: VIJAY R. SANGHAVI
DATE: 28.07.2025  Chairman 
PLACE: VADODARA  (DIN: 00495922)
Annexure “A” to the Directors’ Report 
Disclosure under Section 197(12) of the Act and Rule 5(1) of The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of 
Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014.
(i) The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company 
Secretary or Manager, if any during the FY 2024-25 and ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median 
remuneration of the employees of the Company for the FY 2024-25 are as under:
Sl. 
No.
Name of Director/Key 
Managerial Personnel Designation
Ratio of 
remuneration 
of each Director 
to median 
remuneration of 
Employees
Percentage 
increase in 
Remuneration 
during 2024-25 
(%)
1 Mr. Vijay Sanghavi Managing Director & CFO 18.87:1 NIL
2 Mr. Babulal Chaplot Executive Director 2.94:1 NIL
3 Ms. Swati Sharda (upto 
18.11.2024)
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 0.76:1 NIL
4 Mr. Umang Lalpurwala Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 0.44:1 NIL
 a) The non-executive directors of the Company are entitled to sitting fees for meetings attended as per the 
statutory provisions. The details of remuneration of non-executive directors have been exhibited in the 
Corporate Governance Report and is governed by the Nomination and Remuneration Policy. The ratio of 
remuneration and percentage increase for non-executive director’s remuneration is therefore not considered 
for the above purpose.
1. The Company has 169 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on 31st March, 2025.
2. It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid during the year is as per the Nomination and Remuneration Policy 
of the Company.
Disclosure under Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended from time to time.
A) None of the employees was employed throughout the year who was in receipt of remuneration of more than  
H 102.00 lakhs per annum.
B) None of the employee was employed for part of the year who was in receipt of remuneration of more than H 8.50 
lakhs per month.
C) No employee was in receipt of remuneration in the financial year which, in aggregate, or as the case may be, was 
at a rate which, in aggregate, is in excess of that drawn by the Managing Director(s) and holds by himself or along 
with his spouse and dependent children, two percent of the equity shares of the Company. 
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
64
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 52 =====
Annexure A (1) to the Directors’ Report
FORM AOC-2
(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2)  
of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred 
to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain Arm’s Length transactions under third 
proviso thereto:
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis: NIL
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm’s length basis: 
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Seema Vijay Sanghavi
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Rent Paid
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On “Ongoing Basis”
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the value, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
entered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of business and also on arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Vijay R Sanghavi
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Rent Paid
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Basis
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the value, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
entered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of business are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Vijay R Sanghavi (HUF)
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Rent Paid
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Ba-sis
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the val-ue, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
en-tered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of busi-ness are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
65
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 53 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Vijay R Sanghavi 
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Interest on Un-secured Loan
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Ba-sis
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the val-ue, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
en-tered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of busi-ness are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Ratnaveer In-dustries
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Rent Paid
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Ba-sis
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the val-ue, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
en-tered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of busi-ness are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship VRS Loan
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Unsecured Loan
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Ba-sis
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the val-ue, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
en-tered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of busi-ness are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Seema Vijay Sanghavi
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Salary Paid
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Ba-sis
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
66
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 54 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the val-ue, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
en-tered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of busi-ness are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Briyanshi Vijay Sanghavi
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Salary Paid
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Ba-sis
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the val-ue, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
en-tered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of busi-ness are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Rinshi Vijay Sanghavi
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Salary Paid
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Basis
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the val-ue, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
en-tered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of business are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Vijay Sanghavi
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Rent Paid
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Ba-sis
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the val-ue, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
en-tered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of busi-ness are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
67
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 55 =====
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship Vijay Sanghavi
b) Nature of contracts/arrangements/transactions Salary Paid
c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements/transactions On Ongoing Ba-sis
d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or 
transactions including the val-ue, if any
Any contracts / arrangement / transactions 
en-tered into by the company in its ordinary 
course of busi-ness are made at arm’s length 
basis
e) Justification for entering into such contracts or 
arrangements or transactions
Nil
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
Sr. 
No. Particulars Details
f) date(s) of approval by the Board 22.05.2024
g) Amount paid as advances, if any: Nil
h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general 
meeting as required under first proviso to section 188
Nil
DETAILS OF MATERIAL CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS OR TRANSACTIONS AT ARM’S LENGHTH 
BASIS: -
(a) Name(s) of the related party and nature of relationship: N.A.
(b) Nature of contracts / arrangements / transactions: N.A.
(c) Duration of the contracts / arrangements / transactions: N.A.
(d) Salient terms of the contracts or arrangements or transactions including the value, if any: N.A.
(e) Justification for entering into such contracts or arrangements or transactions: N.A.
(f) Date(s) of approval by the Board: N.A.
(g) Amount paid as advances, if any: N.A.
(h) Date on which the special resolution was passed in general meeting as required under first proviso to Section 188: N.A.
Notes:
1. As defined under Regulation 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
and the Policy on Related Party Transactions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company, there were no 
Material Related Party Transaction entered during the FY 2024-25. 
2. All transactions with related parties were in the Ordinary Course of Business and at arm’s length basis and were 
specifically approved by the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company.
Details given in “Notes forming part of Accounts.” (Note No. 42)
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 RATNAVEER METALS LIMITED
 NAME: VIJAY R. SANGHAVI
DATE: 28.07.2025  Chairman 
PLACE: VADODARA  (DIN: 00495922)
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
68
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 56 =====
Annexure “B” to the Directors’ Report 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AS REQUIRED UNDER SUB-SECTION 3 (M) OF SECTION 134 OF THE ACT AND RULE 8 
OF THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014
(A) Conservation of energy:
1. Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:-
 Energy conservation dictates how efficiently a company can conduct its operations. The Company has recognized 
the importance of energy conservation in decreasing the deleterious effects of global warming and climate change. 
The Company is undertaking such production process that results into very minor pollutant emissions. Various 
energy efficient practices have been implemented that have reduced the pollutant emissions and strengthened 
the Company’s commitment towards becoming an environment friendly organization.
2. Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy:-
 The Company has already projected capex towards its own solar power projects with 4 MW capacity to utilize the 
energy generated through it as an alternate source of energy resource.
3. The Capital investment on energy conservation equipment:-
 Company has completed Capex of H8.65 Crores towards first phase of capex for rooftop solar plant & planning to 
commence second phase of capex for solar plant of H 8 Crores in financial year 2025-26.
(B) Technology absorption: 
1. The efforts made towards technology absorption:-
 Products and processes developed through in-house activities have been internally absorbed by the manufacturing 
units for commercialization.
2. The benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import 
substitution:-
 The efforts made by design and automation activities helped for the augmentation of company’s product range 
in targeted market segments leading the customer acquisition / retention, increased the competitiveness and 
customer satisfaction and helped to give an edge over other competitors.
3. In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of 
the financial year):-Not Applicable
4. Expenditure incurred on Research and Development:-
 The Company is in-house manufacturing various dies & tools. Apart from this, the Company is adding various high 
value added products in existing product portfolio leading to increase in R&D activities.
(C) Foreign exchange earnings and Outgo:
Particulars Amt (In J)
Foreign Exchange earned 2,20,81,232
Foreign Exchange outgo 38,75,470
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
 RATNAVEER METALS LIMITED
 NAME: VIJAY R. SANGHAVI
DATE: 28.07.2025  Chairman 
PLACE: VADODARA  (DIN: 00495922)
69
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 57 =====
Annexure “C” to the Directors’ Report 
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES
Sr. 
No. Name of Director Designation /Nature 
of Directorship
Number of meetings 
of CSR Committee 
held during the year
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee attended 
during the year
1 Mr. Sreeram Vishwana-than 
Rishinaradaman-galam
Chairman 1 1
2 Mr. Babulal Chaplot Director 1 1
3 Mrs. Karuna Advani Independent 
Director
1 1
Financial Year 2023-24 2022-23 2022-23
Net Profit 39,09,07,972 30,71,19,472 13,45,18,066
Average Net Profit for last three Financial Years 27,75,15,432.63
1. A brief outline of the Company’s CSR policy:
 We Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited believe that profit has no significance if the organization does not play 
its role of giving back to the society and protecting of the environment. Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited 
has CSR commitments to ensure the activities are being done are not limited to, education, healthcare, energy, 
climate change and betterment of the society through respect for universal human rights and the environment, 
acting with integrity and accountability and operating responsibly and sustainably. 
2. The Composition of CSR Committee:
 The CSR committee of the Board is responsible for overseeing the execution of the Company’s CSR Policy. The 
composition of the CSR Committee as on 31st March, 2025 is as follows:-
3. Web-link where composition of the CSR committee, the CSR Policy and the CSR Projects 
approved by the Board are disclosed on the website of the Company:-
 Details about formation of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects are placed on the Company’s website 
www.ratnaveer.com 
4. Executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried 
out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8, if applicable:-
 Not Applicable.
5. (a) Average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 135(5):-
(b) Two percent of Average Net Profit of the Company as per Section 135(5):- 55,50,309/-
(c) Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or Programmes or activities of the previous Financial 
Years:-NIL
(d) Amount required to be set off for the Financial Year, if any:- 96,902
(e) Total CSR obligation for the Financial Year [(b)+(c)-(d)]:-54,53,407
6. (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (Both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project):- 74,50,000
 (b) Amount spent in administrative overheads:-NA
 (c) Amount spent on impact assessment, if applicable:- Not Applicable
 (d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)]:-74,50,000
 (e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year:-NIL
 (f) Excess amount for set off, if any:-19,96,593
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
70
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 58 =====
Total Amount 
Spent for 
the Financial 
Year. (in J )
Amount Unspent (in J)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per section 135(6).
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to section 135(5).
Amount Date of transfer Name of the 
Fund Amount Date of transfer
 (g) Excess amount for set off, if any:-19,96,593
7. Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years:- NIL
8. Whether any Capital Assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social 
Responsibility amount spent in the financial year (asset wise details)
 (a) Date of creation or acquisition of Capital Asset(s)-NA
 (b) Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset-NA
9. Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend 2% of the average net profits as 
per section 135(5):-NA
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED
Mr. Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi Mr. R V Sreeram
Chairman & Managing Director Chairperson - CSR Committee
DIN: 00495922 DIN: 09537193
Date: 28.07.2025 
Place: Vadodara
71
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 59 =====
Corporate Governance Report
1. COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CODE OF GOVERNANCE
 Corporate Governance refers to regulations, laws, procedures and good corporate practices which ensures that the 
Company meets its obligations and fulfills its responsibilities towards shareholders, employees, governments and 
others. The Company is committed on adopting the best possible practices. Further the Board lays emphasis on 
transparency, accountability, and integrity in all its operations and dealings with outsiders. 
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
A) Composition of the Board and attendance at last Annual General Meeting
 As per requirements of Regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“Listing Regulations”), at least 50% of the Board Members should be non-executive Directors with at least 
one woman director. There is optimum combination of Executive, Non – Executive and Independent Directors 
including Woman Director and the Company fulfills the criteria. The Chairman of the Company is Executive 
Promoter Director. The Composition of the Board is given hereunder:
Name of Directors
No. of 
shares 
held as 
on 31st 
March 
2025.
Category
As on 31st March, 2025
No. of 
Directorship 
in other 
Companies 
(Excluding 
this listed 
entity)
#Committee(s) 
Position in other 
Companies Attendance 
at AGM 
held last 
yearMember Chairperson
Mr. Vijay Ramanlal 
Sanghavi
25968000 Promoter-Executive 
Director
0 0 0 Yes
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal 
Chaplot
0 Executive Director 0 0 0 Yes
Mr. Sreeram 
Vishwanathan 
Rishinaradmagalam
0 Non-Executive 
-Independent Director
0 0 0 Yes
Dr. Binita Verdia 8 Non-Executive-Non 
Independent Director
0 0 0 No
Mrs. Karuna Vinod 
Advani 
0 Non-Executive 
-Independent Director
1 0 0 Yes
Mr. Rajash 
Dineshkumar Shah
0 Non-Executive 
-Independent Director
0 0 0 Yes
Mr. Umeshsinh 
Bhanupratapsinh 
Rathod (w.e.f. 
28.01.2025)
0 Non-Executive 
-Independent Director
0 0 0 NA
Mr. Vimalbhai Ukchand 
Bokadia (w.e.f. 
28.01.2025)
0 Non-Executive 
-Independent Director
1 0 0 NA
 # Only Committee position of Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee have been considered.
 No Director of the Company is Director of other listed entities.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
72
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 60 =====
B) Board Meetings
 Eleven (11) Board Meetings were held during the financial year ended 31st March, 2025.
Date of Board Meeting Total strength of 
the Board
No. of Directors 
Present
22.05.2024 6 5
28.06.2024 7 7
17.07.2024 6 6
20.08.2024 6 6
05.09.2024 6 6
27.09.2024 6 5
09.11.2024 6 5
11.11.2024 6 6
10.12.2024 6 6
28.01.2025 6 6
19.03.2025 8 8
 Attendance of each Director present at the Board Meetings:-
Name of Directors Attendance at Board Meetings held on
22.05.2024 28.06.2024 17.07.2024 20.08.2024 05.09.2024 27.09.2024
Mr. Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi Present Present Present Present Present Leave of 
Absence
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot Present Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan 
Rishinaradmagalam
Present Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Bharatkumar Kanchanlal Shah 
(ceased w.e.f. 07.06.2024)
Present NA NA NA NA NA
Dr. Binita Verdia Leave of 
Absence
Present Present Present Present Present
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani Present Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Ninad Sharad Raje (appointed w.e.f. 
22.05.2024) (ceased 15.07.2024)
NA Present NA NA NA NA
Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar Shah 
(appointed w.e.f. 22.05.2024)
NA Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Umeshsinh Bhanupratapsinh 
Rathod (w.e.f. 28.01.2025)
NA NA NA NA NA NA
Mr. Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia 
(w.e.f. 28.01.2025)
NA NA NA NA NA NA
Name of Directors Attendance at Board Meetings held on
09.11.2024 11.11.2024 10.12.2024 28.01.2025 19.03.2025
Mr. Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradmagalam Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Bharatkumar Kanchanlal Shah (ceased w.e.f. 
07.06.2024)
NA NA NA NA NA
Dr. Binita Verdia Leave of 
Absence
Present Present Present Present
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Ninad Sharad Raje (appointed w.e.f. 22.05.2024) 
(ceased 15.07.2024)
NA NA NA NA NA
Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar Shah (appointed w.e.f. 
22.05.2024)
Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Umeshsinh Bhanupratapsinh Rathod (w.e.f. 
28.01.2025)
NA NA NA NA Present
Mr. Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia (w.e.f. 28.01.2025) NA NA NA NA Present
73
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 61 =====
C) Directorship in other listed Companies
Name of Directors Name of other 
Listed Companies
Category of 
Directorship
Mr. Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi -- --
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot -- --
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradmagalam -- --
Mr. Bharatkumar Kanchanlal Shah (ceased w.e.f. 07.06.2024) -- --
Dr. Binita Verdia -- --
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani -- --
Mr. Ninad Sharad Raje (appointed w.e.f. 22.05.2024) (ceased 15.07.2024) -- --
Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar Shah (appointed w.e.f. 22.05.2024) -- --
Mr. Umeshsinh Bhanupratapsinh Rathod (w.e.f. 28.01.2025) -- --
Mr. Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia (w.e.f. 28.01.2025) -- --
Name of the Directors Name of skills/expertise/competencies
Mr. Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi Finance, Management, Strategy, Research and 
Development, Commercial, Technical, New Business 
Development, Marketing.
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot Finance, Marketing, Commercial, Operations, Research 
and Development, Quality Control
Mr. Bharatkumar Kanchanlal Shah 
(ceased w.e.f 07.06.2024)
Finance, IT, Operations, Marketing
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradmagalam Finance, Commercial, Purchase, Accounting & Audit
Dr. Binita Verdia Management, Strategy, Technical, Operations
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani (appointed w.e.f. 12.12.2023) Legal and Compliance, Finance, Management, 
Commercial
Mr. Ninad Sharad Raje (appointed w.e.f. 22.05.2024) 
(ceased 15.07.2024)
Accounts, Audit, Finance, Data Protection
Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar Shah 
(appointed w.e.f. 22.05.2024)
Finance, Accounts, Corporate Strategy
Mr. Umeshsinh Bhanupratapsinh Rathod 
(w.e.f. 28.01.2025)
Accounts, Audit, Taxation
Mr. Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia (w.e.f. 28.01.2025) Metal Business, CSR, Accounts, Management 
D) Key Board qualifications, expertise and attributes
 Following is the list of core skills/expertise/competence of the Directors of the Company:-
E) Disclosure of relationship between Directors 
inter-se:
 Dr. Binita Verdia is the daughter of Mr. Babulal 
Sohanlal Chaplot. No other Director is relative of any 
other director(s).
F) Confirmation on the Independence of the 
Independent Director:
 The Board of Directors hereby confirm that in 
their opinion, the Independent Directors fulfil the 
conditions specified in the listing regulations and 
are independent of the management.
G) Detailed reason for the resignation of an 
Independent Director who resigned before 
the expiry of his/her tenure along with a 
confirmation that there are no material reasons 
other than those provided.
 Mr. Bharatkumar Kanchanlal Shah, Independent 
Director submitted his resignation vide letter dated 
6th June, 2024, from the office of Independent 
Director with reasons due to preoccupation. He 
was appointed as Independent Director on the 
Board of the Company w.e.f. 16 th April, 2022 for the 
period of five years.
 Mr. Bharatkumar Kanchanlal Shah in his letter also 
confirmed that there are no other reasons for his 
resignation other than those mentioned in the 
resignation letter and necessary disclosures have 
been made in this regard to the exchanges.
 Mr. Ninad Sharad Raje, Independent Director 
submitted his resignation vide letter dated 15 th July, 
2024, from the office of Independent Director with 
reasons due to preoccupation. He was appointed as 
Independent Director on the Board of the Company 
w.e.f. 22th May, 2024 for the period of five years.
 Mr. Ninad Sharad Raje in his letter also confirmed 
that there are no other reasons for his resignation 
other than those mentioned in the resignation letter 
and necessary disclosures have been made in this 
regard to the exchanges.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
74
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 62 =====
3. COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD
 With a view to have more focused attention 
on business and for better governance and 
accountability, the Board has constituted various 
mandatory committees i.e. Audit Committee, 
Nomination and Remuneration committee, 
Corporate Social Responsibility and Stakeholder 
Relationship Committee. Minutes of proceedings 
of Committee Meetings are circulated to the 
Committee Members and placed before the Board 
Meetings for noting.
 AUDIT COMMITTEE
 A) Terms of Reference
  The Company has an Audit Committee at 
the Board Level, with the powers and roles 
in accordance with the prevailing regulatory 
requirements. The Audit Committee acts a link 
between the Board of Directors, Auditors and 
the Management. The terms of reference of the 
Audit Committee are comprehensive and covers 
the matters specified for Audit Committee 
under the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 and 
the Companies Act, 2013. The Committee 
provides the Board with additional assurance 
as to the adequacy of Company’s internal 
control systems and financial disclosures. The 
committee has reviewed the internal audit 
reports, quarterly, half-yearly and annual 
standalone and consolidated financial results 
before their submission and adoption by the 
board, internal control systems, Related Party 
Transactions and all other matters covered 
under SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 and 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
rules made thereunder as and when applicable. 
In conducting such reviews, the committee 
found no material discrepancy.
  I. The terms of reference of the Committee 
are in accordance with Regulation 18 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 177 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and major terms of 
reference, inter alia, includes the following:
   1. Oversight of financial reporting 
process and the disclosure of financial 
information relating to Ratnaveer 
Precision Engineering Limited (the 
“Company”) to ensure that the 
financial statements are correct, 
sufficient and credible;
   2. Recommendation for appointment, 
reappointment, replacement, 
remuneration and terms of 
appointment of Auditors of 
the Company and the fixation 
of the audit fee;
   3. Approval of payment to statutory 
auditors for any other services 
rendered by the statutory auditors;
   4. Formulation of a policy on related 
party transactions, which shall 
include materiality of related 
party transactions;
   5. Reviewing, at least on a quarterly 
basis, the details of related party 
transactions entered into by the 
Company pursuant to each of the 
omnibus approvals given;
   6. Examining and reviewing, with 
the management, the annual 
financial statements and auditor’s 
report thereon before submission 
to the Board for approval, with 
particular reference to:
    Matters required to be included in the 
director’s responsibility statement to 
be included in the Board’s report in 
terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of 
section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
    a) Changes, if any, in accounting 
policies and practices and 
reasons for the same;
    b) Major accounting entries involving 
estimates based on the exercise 
of judgment by management;
    c) Significant adjustments made in 
the financial statements arising 
out of audit findings;
    d) Compliance with listing and 
other legal requirements relating 
to financial statements;
    e) Disclosure of any related party 
transactions; and
    f) Modified opinion(s) in the 
draft audit report.
   7. Reviewing, with the management, 
the quarterly, half-yearly and 
annual financial statements before 
submission to the Board for approval;
   8. Reviewing, with the management, 
the statement of uses / application of 
funds raised through an issue (public 
issue, rights issue, preferential issue, 
etc.), the statement of funds utilized 
for purposes other than those stated 
in the Offer document / prospectus / 
notice and the report submitted by the 
75
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 63 =====
monitoring agency monitoring the 
utilisation of proceeds of a public or 
rights issue, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the board of 
directors of the Company (the “Board” 
or “Board of Directors”) to take up 
steps in this matter;
   9. Reviewing and monitoring the 
auditor’s independence and 
performance, and effectiveness 
of audit process;
   10. Approval of any subsequent 
modification of transactions of the 
Company with related parties and 
omnibus approval for related party 
transactions proposed to be entered 
into by the Company, subject to the 
conditions as may be prescribed;
   11. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans 
and investments;
   12. Valuation of undertakings or assets of 
the Company, wherever it is necessary;
   13. Evaluation of internal financial controls 
and risk management systems;
   14. Reviewing, with the management, 
performance of statutory and internal 
auditors, adequacy of the internal 
control systems;
   15. Reviewing the adequacy of internal 
audit function, if any, including 
the structure of the internal audit 
department, staffing and seniority of 
the official heading the department, 
reporting structure coverage and 
frequency of internal audit;
   16. Discussion with internal auditors 
of any significant findings and 
follow up there on;
   17. Reviewing the findings of any 
internal investigations by the internal 
auditors into matters where there is 
suspected fraud or irregularity or a 
failure of internal control systems of 
a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the Board;
   18. Discussion with statutory auditors 
before the audit commences, about 
the nature and scope of audit as well 
as post-audit discussion to ascertain 
any area of concern;
   19. Recommending to the Board of 
Directors the appointment and 
removal of the external auditor, 
fixation of audit fees and approval for 
payment for any other services;
   20. Looking into the reasons for 
substantial defaults in the payment 
to depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment 
of declared dividends) and creditors;
   21. Reviewing the functioning of the 
whistle blower mechanism;
   22. Monitoring the end use of funds 
raised through public offers and 
related matters;
   23. Overseeing the vigil mechanism 
established by the Company, with 
the chairman of the Audit Committee 
directly hearing grievances of 
victimization of employees and 
directors, who used vigil mechanism 
to report genuine concerns in 
appropriate and exceptional cases;
   24. Approval of appointment of chief 
financial officer (i.e., the whole-
time finance Director or any other 
person heading the finance function 
or discharging that function) 
after assessing the qualifications, 
experience and background, etc. 
of the candidate;
   25. Reviewing the utilization of loans and/
or advances from/investment by the 
holding company in the subsidiary 
exceeding H 1,000,000,000 or 10% 
of the asset size of the subsidiary, 
whichever is lower including existing 
loans/ advances/ investments existing 
as on the date of coming into force of 
this provision; and
   25A. Consider and comment on rationale, 
cost-benefits and impact of schemes 
involving merger, demerger, 
amalgamation etc., on the listed entity 
and its shareholders.
   26. Carrying out any other functions 
required to be carried out by the 
Audit Committee as contained in the 
SEBI Listing Regulations or any other 
applicable law, as and when amended 
from time to time. 
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
76
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 64 =====
 B) Composition
  The Audit Committee consists of four Directors out of which, three are Independent Directors. All members 
of the Audit Committee are financially literate and specialized in accounting and financial management. 
The constitution of Audit Committee meets the requirements prescribed under section 177 of the Act and 
listing Regulations.
Name of the Committee Members Category
Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar Shah Chairman, Independent Director
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot Member, Executive Director
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradamangalam Member, Independent Director
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani Member, Independent Director
  *Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar Shah became member of the Committee w.e.f. 19.03.2025.
  Mr. Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot became member of the Committee w.e.f. 10.06.2023
  Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani became member of the Committee w.e.f. 17.07.2024
  Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradamangalam was the member of the Committee since 17.06.2022.
  The Chairman of the Audit Committee was present at the last Annual General Meeting to answer the 
shareholder’s queries.
  Mr. Umang Lalpurwala acts as the Secretary of the Committee w.e.f. 28.01.2025.
 C) Meetings and Attendance
  During the year under review, the Audit Committee has met nine (9) times. Attendance of each Committee 
member at the meeting were as follows:
Name of Committee 
Members Category Attendance of Audit Committee Members held on
22.05.2024 28.06.2024 17.07.2024 13.08.2024 27.09.2024
Mr. Sreeram 
Vishwanathan 
Rishinaradamangalam
Member, 
Independent Director
Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal 
Chaplot
Member, Executive 
Director
Present Present Present Present Present
Mr. Bharatkumar 
Kanchanlal Shah 
(ceased w.e.f. 
07.06.2024)
Member, 
Independent Director
Present NA NA NA NA
Mr. Ninad Sharad 
Raje (ceased w.e.f. 
15.07.2024)
Member, 
Independent Director
NA Present NA NA NA
Mrs. Karuna Vinod 
Advani
Member, 
Independent Director
NA NA Present Present Present
Mr. Rajash 
Dineshkumar Shah
Chairman, 
Independent Director
NA NA NA NA NA
Name of Committee 
Members Category Attendance of Audit Committee Members held on
09.11.2024 11.11.2024 28.01.2025 19.03.2025
Mr. Sreeram 
Vishwanathan 
Rishinaradamangalam
Member, Independent 
Director
Present Present Present Present
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal 
Chaplot
Member, Executive 
Director
Present Present Present Present
Mr. Bharatkumar 
Kanchanlal Shah (ceased 
w.e.f. 07.06.2024)
Member, Independent 
Director
NA NA NA NA
77
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 65 =====
Name of Committee 
Members Category Attendance of Audit Committee Members held on
09.11.2024 11.11.2024 28.01.2025 19.03.2025
Mr. Ninad Sharad 
Raje(ceased w.e.f. 
15.07.2024)
Member, Independent 
Director
NA NA NA NA
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani 
(w.e.f 17.07.2024)
Member, Independent 
Director
Present Present Present Present
Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar 
Shah (w.e.f. 19.03.2025)
Chairman, Independent 
Director
NA NA NA Present
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
 A. Terms of reference   
  The terms of reference of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee is to guide the Board 
in relation to the appointment and removal 
of Directors, KMP & Senior Management 
Personnel, and identifying persons and to 
recommend/review remuneration of all the 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior 
Management Personnel.
  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
shall act as per the terms of reference which 
inter alia, include:-
  I. Terms of reference of the Committee, inter 
alia, includes the following:
  1. Formulation of the criteria for determining 
qualifications, positive attributes 
and independence of a director and 
recommend to the Board of Directors a 
policy relating to the remuneration of the 
directors, key managerial personnel and 
other employees (“Remuneration Policy”).
   The Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, while formulating the above 
policy, should ensure that:
   i. the level and composition of 
remuneration be reasonable and 
sufficient to attract, retain and motivate 
directors of the quality required to run 
the Company successfully;
   ii. relationship of remuneration 
to performance is clear and 
meets appropriate performance 
benchmarks; and 
   iii. remuneration to directors, key 
managerial personnel and senior 
management involves a balance 
between fixed and incentive 
pay reflecting short- and long-
term performance objectives 
appropriate to the working of the 
Company and its goals.
  (1A) For every appointment of an independent 
director, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee shall evaluate the balance of 
skills, knowledge and experience on the 
Board and on the basis of such evaluation, 
prepare a description of the role and 
capabilities required of an independent 
director. The person recommended to the 
Board for appointment as an independent 
director shall have the capabilities 
identified in such description. For the 
purpose of identifying suitable candidates, 
the Committee may:
   a. use the services of an external 
agencies, if required;
   b. consider candidates from a wide 
range of backgrounds, having due 
regard to diversity; and 
   c. consider the time commitments of 
the candidates. 
   1. Formulation of criteria for evaluation of 
independent directors and the Board;
   2. Devising a policy on Board diversity;
   3. Identifying persons who are qualified 
to become directors and who may 
be appointed in senior management 
in accordance with the criteria laid 
down, and recommend to the Board 
their appointment and removal 
and carrying out evaluation of every 
director’s performance (including 
independent director);
   4. Analysing, monitoring and reviewing 
various human resource and 
compensation matters;
  The Statutory Auditors, Internal Auditors, Chief Financial Auditors and other Senior Professionals were invited 
to the meetings of the Audit Committee. 
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
78
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 66 =====
   5. Deciding whether to extend or 
continue the term of appointment 
of the independent director, on the 
basis of the report of performance 
evaluation of independent directors;
   6. Determining the Company’s policy on 
specific remuneration packages for 
executive directors including pension 
rights and any compensation payment, 
and determining remuneration 
packages of such directors;
   7. Recommending to the board, all 
remuneration, in whatever form, 
payable to senior management and 
other staff, as deemed necessary;
   8. Carrying out any other functions 
required to be carried out by the 
Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee as contained in the SEBI 
Listing Regulations or any other 
applicable law, as and when amended 
from time to time;
   9. Reviewing and approving the 
Company’s compensation strategy 
from time to time in the context of 
the then current Indian market in 
accordance with applicable laws;
   10. Perform such functions as are required 
to be performed by the compensation 
committee under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits) Regulations, 
2014, if applicable;
   11. Frame suitable policies, procedures 
and systems to ensure that there is no 
violation of securities laws, as amended 
from time to time, including:
    a. The Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Prohibition 
of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015; and
    b. The Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Prohibition of 
Fraudulent and Unfair Trade 
Practices Relating to the 
Securities Market) Regulations, 
2003, by the trust, the Company 
and its employees, as applicable.
   12. Perform such other activities as may be 
delegated by the Board or specified/ 
provided under the Companies 
Act, 2013 to the extent notified and 
effective, as amended or by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as 
amended or by any other applicable 
law or regulatory authority.
 B) Composition
  The composition of Nomination and Remuneration committee is in line with the provisions of Regulation 19 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 and section 178 of The Companies Act, 2013.
  The constitution of Nomination and Remuneration Committee is as under:-
Name of the Director Category
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradamangalam Chairman, Independent Director
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani Member, Independent Director
Dr. Binita Verdia (w.e.f. 17.07.2024) Member, Non- Executive Non- Independent Director
  *Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradamangalam became member of the Committee w.e.f. 12.12.2023.
  Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani became member of the Committee w.e.f. 12.12.2023.
  Dr. Binita Verdia became member of the Committee w.e.f. 17.07.2024.
  Mr. Umang Lalpurwala acts as the Secretary to the Committee w.e.f. 28.01.2025.
  The Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee was present at the last Annual General 
Meeting to answer the shareholder’s queries.
79
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 67 =====
 C) Meetings and Attendance
  During the year, Nomination and Remuneration Committee has met two (2) times. Attendance of each 
Committee member at the meeting were as follows:
Name of the Committee Members Category
Attendance at the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee 
Meetings held on
22.05.2024 28.01.2025
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradamangalam Chairman, 
Independent Director
Present Present
Mr. Bharatkumar Kanchanlal Shah 
(ceased w.e.f. 22.05.2024)
Member, 
Independent Director
Leave of 
Absence
NA
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani Member, 
Independent Director
Present Present
Mr. Ninad Sharad Raje (ceased w.e.f. 15.07.2024) Member, 
Independent Director
NA NA
Mrs. Binita Verdia (w.e.f 17.07.2024) Member, Non-
Executive-Director
NA Present
  *Mr. Ninad Raje became member of the Committee w.e.f. 22.05.2024 and ceased to be a member w.e.f. 15.07.2024
 D) Remuneration Policy
  The remuneration of Managing Directors is decided as per the applicable Schedule and Sections of the Act, 
as amended from time to time on recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
approved by the Board of Directors subject to the approval of shareholders and other authority (ies), if required. 
  The remuneration of Senior Executives is also decided by the Board of Directors on the recommendation of 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
  The selection and appointment of the Whole Time Directors, other directors and Top Executives is done on the 
basis of their experience, qualifications and knowledge of the concerned field.
  Performance evaluation criteria for Independent Directors
  All the Independent Directors of the Company have efficiently played their roles and discharged their 
responsibilities for the benefit of the Company as a whole. Based on formal and informal appraisals, all the 
Independent Directors have played vital role in ensuring good corporate governance efficiency.
 DETAILS OF REMUNERATION PAID / PAYABLE TO EXECUTIVE AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
 Remuneration of Whole Time / Executive Directors
 Remuneration paid/accrued to the Executive Directors for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 is as follows:-
Name of Directors Salary Perquisites Commission Incentives Other Total
Mr. Vijay Sanghavi 54,00,000 0 0 0 0 54,00,000
Mr. Babulal Chaplot 8,41,848 0 0 0 0 8,41,848
 Remuneration to Non-Executive Directors
 Non-Executive Directors including Independent Directors are paid sitting fees only for attending the meetings of 
the Board of Directors and Committees thereof within the limits prescribed under the Act. No criteria of making 
payment to Non-Executive Directors is required to be fixed as they are paid only sitting fees. Details of remuneration 
paid to non-executive directors during the financial year 2024-25 are as follows:-
Name of the Directors Sitting Fees
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradamangalam 1,50,000
Mr. Bharatkumar Kanchanlal Shah 10,000
Dr. Binita Verdia 92,500
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani 1,37,500
Mr. Ninad Sharad Raje 12,500
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
80
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 68 =====
Name of the Directors Sitting Fees
Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar Shah 1,02,500
Mr. Umeshsinh Bhanupratapsinh Rathod 10,000
Mr. Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia 10,000
 The Company does not have any transaction with 
any of the above non-executive Directors except 
reimbursement of actual travelling expenses 
incurred for attending Board Meeting(s)/Committee 
Meeting(s) and/or Annual General Meeting during 
the year ended March, 31, 2025.
 STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
 A) Terms of reference
  Stakeholder Relationship Committee is 
constituted in line with the provisions of 
Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations and 
Section 178 of the Act.
  I. Terms of reference of the Committee, inter 
alia, includes the following: 
  a. Resolving the grievances of the security 
holders of the listed entity including 
complaints related to transfer/transmission 
of shares or debentures, including non-
receipt of share or debenture certificates 
and review of cases for refusal of transfer 
/ transmission of shares and debentures 
non-receipt of annual report or non-
receipt of balance sheet, non-receipt 
of declared dividends, issue of new / 
duplicate certificates, general meetings 
etc. and assisting with quarterly reporting 
of such complaints;
  b. review of measures taken for effective 
exercise of voting rights by shareholders; 
  c. Investigating complaints relating to 
allotment of shares, approval of transfer or 
transmission of Shares, debentures or any 
other securities;
  d. Giving effect to all transfer / transmission of 
shares and debentures, dematerialisation 
of shares and re-materialisation of shares, 
split and issue of duplicate / consolidated 
share certificates, compliance with all the 
requirements related to shares, debentures 
and other securities from time to time;
  e. review of adherence to the service 
standards adopted by the listed entity in 
respect of various services being rendered 
by the registrar and share transfer agent 
of the Company and to recommend 
measures for overall improvement in the 
quality of investor services; 
  f. review of the various measures and initiatives 
taken by the listed entity for reducing the 
quantum of unclaimed dividends and 
ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants 
/ annual reports / statutory notices by the 
shareholders of the Company; and
  g. Carrying out such other functions as may 
be specified by the Board from time to 
time or specified / provided under the 
Companies Act or SEBI Listing Regulations, 
or by any other regulatory authority.
  a. Composition
   The Stakeholder Relationship Committee 
consists of the following Directors:-
Name of the 
Committee Members Category
Mr. Sreeram 
Vishwanathan 
Rishinaradamangalam
Chairman, 
Independent 
Director
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal 
Chaplot
Member, 
Executive 
Director
Mr. Vijay Ramanlal 
Sanghavi
Member, 
Executive-
Managing 
Director
   The Committee looks into the grievances 
lodged by the shareholders. The 
Company has resolved all the complaints 
received from the shareholder during 
the year 2024-25.
   Mr. Umang Lalpurwala, Company Secretary 
is the Compliance officer of the Company 
from 28.01.2025.
   Ms. Swati Sharda, Company Secretary was 
the Compliance Officer of the Company, 
till 18.11.2024.
   Ms. Prerana Trivedi, Company Secretary was 
the Compliance Officer of the Company 
till 04.04.2024.
   The Company has appointed M/s. MUFG 
Intime India Pvt. Ltd (formerly known as 
Intime India Pvt. Ltd ), C-101, 247 Park, 1 st 
Floor L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli West, Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, 400083 as Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent (RTA).
81
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 69 =====
No of shareholders complaints as on 01 April 2024 -
No of shareholders complaints received during the year -
No of shareholders complaint resolved during the year -
No of shareholders complaint not resolved during the year -
   The Chairman of the Stakeholder Relationship Committee was present at the last Annual General 
Meeting to answer the shareholder’s queries.
  b. Status of Investor Complaints
   The status of investor complaints as on 31 March 2025 as reported under Regulation 13(3) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations is as under:
 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
 A) Composition
  The Committee’s composition and terms of reference are in compliance with the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Name of the Director Category
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradamangalam Chairman, Independent Director
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot Member, Executive Director
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani Member, Independent Director
Name of the Committee 
Members Category
Attendance at CSR 
Committee held on
22.05.2024
Mr. Sreeram Vishwanathan 
Rishinaradamangalam
Chairman, Independent Director Present
Mr. Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot Member, Executive Director Present
Mrs. Karuna Vinod Advani Member, Independent Director Present
 B) Meetings
4. GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
 The details of the last three Annual and/or Extraordinary General Meeting are as follows:-
Financial 
Year Meeting and Venue Day, Date and Time Special Resolutions Passed.
2021-22 20th Annual General 
Meeting at the registered 
office at E-77 GIDC, 
Savli (Manjusar) Dist-
Vadodara-391775
Thursday, 29th September, 
2022 at 03:00 p.m.
To consider payment of remuneration to 
Shri Babulal Chaplot, wholetime Director 
of the Company.
2022-23 21st Annual General 
Meeting at the registered 
office at E-77 GIDC, 
Savli (Manjusar) Dist-
Vadodara-391775
Monday, 10th July, 2023 at 
02:00 p.m.
Amendment of Articles of Association of 
the Company.
2023-24 22nd Annual General 
Meeting at the registered 
office at E-77 GIDC, 
Savli (Manjusar) Dist-
Vadodara-391775 through 
Video Conferencing or 
other audio/ video means
Monday 23rd September, 
2024 at 04:00 p.m. (IST)
NIL
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
82
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 70 =====
Financial 
Year Meeting and Venue Day, Date and Time Special Resolutions Passed.
2023-24 (01st of 2024-25) 
Extraordinary General 
Meeting at the registered 
office at E-77 GIDC, 
Savli (Manjusar) Dist-
Vadodara-391775 through 
Video Conferencing or 
other audio/ video means
Friday, 26th July, 2024 at 
11:30 a.m.
1. To Consider and approve issuance of 
Equity Shares on preferential basis.
2. Issue of convertible warrants on 
preferential basis.
3. Approval for issuance of 0% 
Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares upon variation of terms of 0% 
Non-convertible, Non-cumulative, 
redeemable preference shares of the 
Company.
4. Appointment of Mr. Rajash 
Dineshkumar Shah (DIN: 10630161) 
as an Independent Director of the 
Company. 
2023-24 (02nd of 2024-25) 
Extraordinary General 
Meeting at the registered 
office at E-77 GIDC, 
Savli (Manjusar) Dist-
Vadodara-391775 through 
Video Conferencing or 
other audio/ video means
Tuesday, 10th December, 
2024 at 12:00 P.m.
1. To increase the authorised share capital 
of the company and consequent 
alteration of clause v of Memorandum 
of Association.
2. To approve the issuance of 1,02,04,078 
equity shares to non-promoter on a 
preferential basis.
3. To approve the issuance of 66,32,244 
warrants to promoters, promoter group 
and non- promoters on preferential 
basis.
(All resolutions were withdrawn by 
the company in said Extraordinary 
General Meeting)
 POSTAL BALLOT
 During the financial year 2024-25, Postal Ballot activity was conducted for the below business items:
 a) Approval for the appointment of Mr. Umeshsinh Bhanupratapsinh Rathod (DIN: 07378004) as an independent 
director of the company for the first term of 5 consecutive years.
 b) Approval for the appointment of Mr. Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia (DIN: 02329466) as an independent director 
of the company for the first term of 5 consecutive years.
 Date of Notice: 19th March, 2025
 Postal Ballot Period: 21.03.2025 to 19.04.2025
 Declaration of voting results: 21st April, 2025
 Summary of voting results:-
Res 
No.
Resolutions proposed before the Members 
through Postal Ballot
Total Number of Votes Casted Result
In Favour Against Invalid Type of 
resolution
Passed 
Y/N
1 Approval for the appointment of Mr. Umeshsinh 
Bhanupratapsinh Rathod (DIN: 07378004) as an 
independent director of the company for the first 
term of 5 consecutive years.
29710316 453 -- Special Yes
83
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 71 =====
Res 
No.
Resolutions proposed before the Members 
through Postal Ballot
Total Number of Votes Casted Result
In Favour Against Invalid Type of 
resolution
Passed 
Y/N
2 Approval for the appointment of Mr. Vimalbhai 
Ukchand Bokadia (DIN: 02329466) as an 
independent director of the company for the first 
term of 5 consecutive years.
29710316 453 -- Special Yes
 Mr. Niraj Trivedi of M/s. TNT & Associates. Company 
Secretaries was appointed as Scrutinizers for 
conducting postal ballot process in a fair and 
transparent manner.
 The Company has followed the procedure prescribed 
for the conduct of Postal Ballot under the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013, rules made thereunder 
alongwith the Ministry of Corporate Affairs circulars 
read with the SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015.
5. INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR’S MEETING
 During the year under review, all the Independent 
Directors of the Company met one time i.e. on 
09.11.2024 to discuss and evaluate:-
 a) Review of performance of the chairman, non-
independent directors and the board as a whole.
 b) Assessing the quality, quantity and timeliness 
of flow of information between the company 
management and the board that is necessary 
for the board to effectively and reasonably 
perform their duties.
 The details of familiarization Programme imparted 
to Independent Directors is available on Company’s 
website at www.ratnaveer.com
6. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 The policy on related party transactions is available 
on Company’s website at https://ratnaveer.com/
policy/Relatedpartypolicy2024-25.pdf 
7. SENIOR MANAGEMENT/ KEY MANAGERIAL 
PERSON AND CHANGES THEREIN IF ANY
 Ms. Prerana Trivedi was the Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer of the Company upto 4 th April, 
2024. Ms. Swati Sharda was the Company Secretary 
and Compliance Officer of the Company upto 18 th 
November, 2024. Mr. Umang Lalpurwala is appointed 
as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of 
the Company w.e.f. 28th January, 2025.
8. DISCLOSURES
A) Disclosure on Materially Significant Related 
Party Transactions that may have potential 
conflict with the interests of the company at 
large:
 There are no materially significant related party 
transactions made by the Company with its 
Promoters, Directors or Management, their 
subsidiaries or relatives, etc., that may have potential 
conflict with the interests of the Company at large.
B) Details of non-compliances by the Company, 
penalties and strictures imposed on the 
Company by Stock Exchanges or SEBI or any 
Statutory Authority, on any matter related to 
capital markets during the last three years:
 In financial year 2024-25, inadvertently the Company 
had made a non-compliance of Regulation 29 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015 with respect to 
failure to give prior intimation of Board Meeting at 
least two working days in advance with respect to 
proposed Agenda of fund raising by way of Issue of 
securities through preferential Issue.
 Because of the said non-compliance, both stock 
exchange vide its letter/ Email, imposed the penalty 
of H10, 000 separately.
 In response to the same, the Company had paid 
relevant fine as imposed by the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited. The 
Company also made sure that, the company will 
take due care so that this type of non-compliance 
cannot be taken place in future again.
C) Whistle Blower Policy / Vigil Mechanism:
 A Vigil Mechanism provides adequate safeguards 
against victimization of persons who use such 
mechanism for reporting genuine concerns. It also 
makes provision for direct access to the Chairman of 
the Audit Committee.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
84
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 72 =====
 Web link for Whistle Blower Policy / Vigil 
Mechanism is https://ratnaveer.com/policy/
VigilMechanismWhistleBlowerPolicy.pdf As per the 
Policy, no person has been denied access to the 
Chairman of Audit Committee.
D) Policy for determining material subsidiaries:
 The Company has one Wholly Owned Foreign 
subsidiary Company Ratnaveer StainlessInox LLC at 
Sharjah Media City, Sharjah, UAE, incorporated on 
17th October, 2023. The Company has not started any 
business activity as yet. 
 Web link for determining ‘material 
subsidies is https://ratnaveer.com/policy/
PolicyondeterminingMaterialSubsidy.pdf
E) Certificates from Company Secretary in 
practice:
 The following certificates as issued by Mr. Niraj 
Trivedi, partner of M/s. TNT & Associates, a firm of 
Practicing Company Secretaries, Vadodara are 
enclosed to this report:
 a) Compliance Certificate regarding compliance 
of conditions of Corporate Governance; and
 b) Certificate that none of the Directors on the 
Board of the Company have been debarred or 
disqualified from being appointed or continuing 
as directors of companies by SEBI / Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.
F) Details of utilization of funds raised through 
preferential allotment/qualified institutions 
placement as specified under Reg. 32(7A) of 
the Listing Regulations:
 Out of net proceeds of H 115.02 crore, full amount of 
H 115.02 crores has been spent till Q2 of the FY24-25 
without any deviation or variation.
 Out of net proceeds of H 65.06 crore, full amount of 
H 65.06 crores has been spent till Q3 of the FY24-25 
without any deviation or variation.
 Out of warrant issue for H 29 crore, the company 
has received H 7 crore till 31 st March, 2025 and full 
amount of H 7 crore has been utilized without any 
deviation or variation.
G) Fees paid to Statutory Auditors:
 The Company has, during the year, paid an amount 
of H 5,50,000/- excluding GST to its Statutory Auditors 
M/s. Pankaj R. Shah & Associates., Chartered 
Accountants as approved by the shareholders.
H) Disclosures under the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition 
and Redressal) Act, 2013:
Number of complaints filed during 
the Financial Year 2024-25
NIL
Number of complaints disposed of 
during the Financial Year 2024-25
NIL
Number of complaints pending as at 
the end of the Financial Year 2024-25
NIL
I) Disclosure of compliance with corporate governance requirements specified in Regulation 17 to 27 
and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Regulations:
Regulation 
No. Particulars Compliance 
Status (Yes/No)
17 Board of Directors Yes
17A Maximum number of Directorship Yes
18 Audit Committee Yes
19 Nomination and Remuneration Committee Yes
20 Stakeholder Relationship Committee Yes
21 Risk Management Committee NA
22 Vigil Mechanism Yes
23 Related Party Transactions Yes
24 Corporate Governance requirements with respect to subsidiary of the Company NA
24A Secretarial Audit and Secretarial Compliance Report Yes
25 Obligations with respect to Independent Directors Yes
26 Obligations with respect to employees including senior management, key 
managerial persons, directors and Promoters
Yes
27 Other Corporate Governance Requirements Yes
46(2) (b) 
to (i)
Website Yes
85
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 73 =====
Financial Results The financial results viz., quarterly/half yearly/annual are sent to the stock exchange 
and published in newspapers having nation-wide coverage.
Newspapers wherein 
results are normally 
published
The financial results are published in :
Financial Express (English)
Financial Express (Gujarati)
Website The Company has a functional website www.ratnaveer.com where shareholder 
information is available in “Investor Relation” section. The full Annual Report is available 
on the website in a user friendly and downloadable format.
Apart from this, financial results, shareholding pattern, corporate governance report and 
all the periodical announcements are displayed on the website of the Company.
NSE NEAPS and 
Digital Exchange 
Portal
RPEL is listed on NSE w.e.f. 11th September, 2024. NSE’s NEAPS and digital exchange portal 
is a web-based application designed for corporates. All periodical filings like shareholding 
pattern, corporate governance report, statement of investor complaints, among others 
are filed electronically on the NEAPS and Digital Exchange Portal, which disseminates it 
to the public at large.
BSE Corporate 
Compliance & Listing 
Centre
RPEL is listed on BSE w.e.f. 11 th September, 2024. BSE’s Listing Centre is a web-based 
application designed for corporates. All periodical filings like shareholding pattern, 
corporate governance report, media releases, statement of investor complaints, amongst 
others filing are filed electronically on the Listing Centre, which disseminates it to the 
public at large.
J) Compliance with Listing Regulations
 The Company has adopted and complied with mandatory requirements of the Listing Regulations. Some of the 
following non-mandatory requirements have also been complied with.
K) Non Mandatory Requirements
 (i) Reporting of internal Auditor
  Internal Auditor of the Company submits their report to the Audit Committee directly.
 (ii) Audit Qualification/Modified Opinion(s) 
  There are no Audit qualifications/Modified Opinion(s) in the Audit Reports by the Auditor. 
 (iii) Shareholder’s Rights
  Since the financial results are published in the newspapers and also posted on the Company's website, those 
are not being sent to the shareholders.
L) Instances of not accepting any recommendation of the Committee by the Board
 There were no such instances where Board had not accepted any recommendation of any committee of the Board, 
whether mandatorily required or not, in the relevant financial year.
M) Disclosure by listed entity and Its subsidiaries of ‘Loans and Advances in the nature of loans to Firms/
Companies in which directors are interested by name and amount;: Not Applicable
N) Means of Communication
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
86
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 74 =====
O) General Shareholder Information
1. Financial Year: 1st April, 2024 to 31st March, 2025.
2. Listing of Shares: The Company’s shares are listed on the following Stock Exchanges. Company confirms that 
the annual fees to BSE and NSE for the financial year 2025-26 has been paid.
Name of the Stock Exchange Scrip Code/Symbol ISIN NO.
NSE Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Bandra Kurla Complex,
Bandra (E)
Mumbai – 400 051
RATNAVEER INE05CZ01011
BSE Limited
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,
Mumbai – 400001
543978 INE05CZ01011
 3. Stock Market Data for financial year 2024-25 (NSE):
Month Month’s Highest 
Price (J)
Month’s Lowest 
Price (J)
April, 2024 146.40 119.10
May, 2024 143.05 112.50
June, 2024 171.15 107.10
July, 2024 208.35 158.83
August, 2024 196.90 168.10
September, 2024 225.27 168.00
October, 2024 208.85 170.30
November, 2024 273.97 196.00
December, 2024 272.70 180.51
January, 2025 196.01 151.80
February, 2025 171.30 130.18
March, 2025 152.78 123.82
Month Month’s Highest 
Price (J)
Month’s Lowest 
Price (J)
April, 2024 146.50 120.00
May, 2024 142.50 111.00
June, 2024 171.00 107.00
July, 2024 208.20 158.80
August, 2024 197.00 168.00
September, 2024 223.20 162.55
October, 2024 209.15 171.90
November, 2024 273.20 194.35
December, 2024 272.60 180.60
January, 2025 195.90 151.90
February, 2025 171.40 130.40
March, 2025 152.80 124.95
  Stock Market Data for financial year 2024-25 (BSE):
 4. Performance in comparison to broad-based indices such as NSE Sensex, BSE Sensex, CRISIL Index etc.
Particulars 31.03.2025 31.03.2024 Change (%)
Share Price of Ratnaveer 136.43 115.35 18.27
NSE Sensex 23519.35 22326.9 5.34
BSE Sensex 77414.92 73651.35 5.11
87
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 75 =====
No. of Equity Shares held No. of 
Shareholders
No. of Shares 
Held
% of Issued 
Capital
1-500 49726 4992420 9.41
501-1000 2590 2056161 3.88
1001 - 2000 1235 1874269 3.53
2001 - 3000 510 1296663 2.44
3001 - 4000 213 766860 1.45
4001 - 5000 174 825360 1.56
5001 - 10000 304 2222292 4.19
More than 10000 240 39015364 73.54
 5. Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities:
  To mitigate foreign exchange risk, Company is following fixed priced orders against sales & back to back orders 
policy, i.e. once sales order is received & booked, respective raw material purchase is also being booked against 
the said order on immediate basis against the said sales order which broadly mitigates the commodity price risk.
 6. Demat Suspense account/ Unclaimed Suspense Account:
  No unclaimed share certificates are with the Company.
 7. Registrar and Share Transfer Agent:
  M/s. MUFG Intime India Pvt. Ltd. (Link Intime India Pvt. Ltd.)
  C-101, 247 Park, 1st Floor L.B.S. Marg, 
  Vikhroli West,
  Mumbai, Maharashtra-400 083
  Tel Nos. - 022-49186000 Fax- 22 49186060
  Email- rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com 
 8. Share Transfer System
  Effective from April 1, 2019, as per SEBI notification no. SEBI/LAD-NRO/GN/2018/24 dated June 8, 2018 as 
amended from time to time, no shares can now be transferred in physical form except transmission of shares 
to the legal successors. Since the shares of the shareholders of the Company are in 100% demat form, question 
of transfer of shares in physical form does not arise. 
 9. Distribution of shareholding as at 31.03.2025
 10. Dematerialization of shares and liquidity
  100% of the Company’s paid up equity share 
capital is under demat form as on 31.03.2025.
11. Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants or any 
Convertible Instruments, conversion date and 
likely impact on equity: Not Applicable 
 12. Plant Location
  1. E-77, GIDC Savli (Manjusar), Dist-
Vadodara, Gujarat-391775
  2. 120, Savli, GIDC, (Manjusar), Dist: 
Vadodara-391776, Gujarat
  3. 548 & 549, GIDC Estate, Waghodia, Dist: 
Vadodara-391760, Gujarat
  4. Plot No.1901, Phase-IV, GIDC, Opp. New 
Nirma, Vatva Ahmedabad-382440, Gujarat
  5. Industrial Plot No 4A,Industrial Park, 
Samlay, Vadodara Gujarat-391520
 13. Address of Correspondence
  Mr. Umang Lalpurwala
  Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
  Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited 
  Corporate Office:- 
703/704,"Ocean",Sarabhai Compound,
  Near Center Square Mall, Dr. Vikram 
Sarabhai Road, 
  Vadodara, Gujarat- 390023
  Tel: 8487878075 
  Email:-cs@ratnaveer.com
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
88
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 76 =====
 14. Details of credit rating assigned 
  Your Company has been assigned the following ratings by Informerics and Valuation Ratings 
Name of the Credit 
Rating Agency Facilities Rating Rating Action
Infomerics Valuation 
and Rating Limited
Long Term Bank 
Facilities
IVR BBB+/ Positive Outlook
[IVR Triple B plus with Positive Outlook]
Revised
Short Term Bank 
Facilities
IVR A2 
[IVR A Two]
Revised
By the Order of Board of Directors of
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited
VIJAY RAMANLAL SANGHAVI
Place: Vadodara  Chairman& Managing Director
Date: 28.07.2025  DIN: 00495922
89
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 77 =====
Compliance with Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Pursuant to Part-D of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015, I, hereby, 
confirm that the Company has received affirmations on compliance with the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics for the Financial Year ended 31st March 2025 from all the Board members and Senior Management Personnel.
VIJAY RAMANLAL SANGHAVI
Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer
DIN: 00495922
PLACE: Vadodara
DATE: 14.05.2025
CEO / CFO Certification 
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as 
Managing Director cum Chief Financial Officer of 
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited (“the Company”), 
to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:
a. We have reviewed the Financial Statements and 
Cash Flow Statements for the financial year ended 
31st March 2025 and that to the best of our knowledge 
and belief, we state that:
 i. these statements do not contain any materially 
untrue statement or omit any material fact or 
contain statements that might be misleading;
 ii. these statements together present a true 
and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are 
in compliance with the existing accounting 
standards, applicable laws and regulations;
b. We further state that to the best of our knowledge 
and belief, no transactions, which are entered into 
by the Company during the year, are fraudulent, 
illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics;
c. We are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
internal controls for financial reporting and 
that we have evaluated the effectiveness of the 
internal control systems of the Company and have 
VIJAY RAMANLAL SANGHAVI
PLACE: Vadodara  Managing Director and Chief 
Financial Officer
DATE: 14.05.2025  DIN: 00495922
disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, 
deficiencies in the design or operation of the 
internal control, if any, of which we are aware and the 
steps we have taken or proposed to take to rectify 
these deficiencies.
d. We have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit 
Committee that there are :
 i. no significant changes in internal controls over 
financial reporting during the year;
 ii. no significant changes in accounting policies 
during the year and that the same have 
been disclosed in the notes to the financial 
statements; and
 iii. no instances of significant fraud of which we 
have become aware and the involvement therein 
of the management or an employee having 
a significant role in the Company's internal 
control system over the financial reporting.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
90
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 78 =====
Annexure “D” to the Directors’ Report 
Secretarial Audit Report
For the financial year ended on 31 March 2025
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited
CIN: - L27108GJ2002PLC040488
E- 77, G I D C, Savli (Manjusar) 
Dist-Baroda, Gujarat, 391775.
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence 
to good corporate practices by Ratnaveer Precision 
Engineering Limited (CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488) 
(hereinafter called “The Company”). Secretarial Audit 
was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable 
basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, 
papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and 
other records maintained by the Company and also the 
information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the conduct of 
Secretarial Audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, 
the Company has, during the audit period covering the 
Financial Year ended on 31 March 2025 complied with 
the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the 
Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-
mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and 
subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, 
forms and returns filed and other records maintained by 
the Company for the financial year ended on 31 March 
2025 according to the provisions of;
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’) and the 
rules made thereunder (including any statutory 
modification (s) or re-enactments (s) thereof, for the 
time being in force);
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 
(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder (including 
any statutory modification (s) or re-enactments (s) 
thereof, for the time being in force);
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and 
Bye-laws framed thereunder (including any statutory 
modification (s) or re-enactments (s) thereof, for the 
time being in force);
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (FEMA) 
and the rules and regulations made thereunder 
to the extent of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), 
Overseas Direct Investment (ODI) and External 
Commercial Borrowings (ECB) (including any 
statutory modification (s) or re-enactments (s) 
thereof, for the time being in force);
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Act, 1992 (‘SEBI Act’): (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the 
time being in force):
 I. The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
 II. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 III. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018;
 IV. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021; - Not applicable 
during the period under review;
 V. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) 
Regulations, 2021;- Not applicable during the 
period under review;
 VI. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer 
Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding the 
Companies Act and dealing with client;
 VII. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 
2021; - Not applicable during the period 
under review and
 VIII. The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018;- Not 
applicable during the period under review. 
91
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 79 =====
(vi) Other applicable laws: Based on the information 
provided and the representation made by the 
Company and its officers and also on the review 
of the compliance reports taken on record by the 
Board of Directors of the Company, in our opinion, 
adequate systems and processes exist in the 
Company to monitor and ensure compliances under 
other applicable Acts, Laws and Regulations as 
applicable to the Company.
We have also examined compliance with the applicable 
clauses of the following:
(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India with respect to Board 
and General Meeting.
(ii) The Listing Agreements entered into by the 
Company with BSE Limited (BSE) and National Stock 
Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) read with the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
During the period under review, the Company has 
complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above subject to 
the following observations:
1. Notice convening 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting 
(“EOGM”) dated 10 th December 2024, the Company 
was to get the consent of the members for the 
resolutions as mentioned in the said notice. However, 
the said resolutions were withdrawn prior to its 
consideration in the said meeting. This withdrawal of 
resolutions after sending notice convening meeting 
is non-compliance of Secretarial Standards-2 [SS-2].
2. Pursuant to Regulation 29(1) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the Company failed to provide 
prior intimation to the stock exchanges at least 
two working days in advance regarding the Board 
Meeting held on 11th November, 2024. The intimation 
was made on 9 th November, 2024, thereby not 
complying with the prescribed timeline of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
3. During the period under review, the Company 
submitted the required forms and returns with the 
Registrar of Companies (ROC), Gujarat, within the 
prescribed time except five (5) e-forms, which were 
submitted with additional fees.
We further report that:
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted 
with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive 
Directors and Independent Directors (including Woman 
Independent Director). The changes in the composition 
of the Board of Directors that took place during the 
period under review were carried out in compliance with 
the provisions of the Act. 
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the 
Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were sent at least seven days in advance except some 
meetings were held at shorter notice and a system 
exists for seeking and obtaining further information and 
clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting 
and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
Majority decisions are carried out unanimously as recorded 
in the minutes of the meeting of the Board of Directors.
We further report that there are adequate systems and 
processes in the Company commensurate with the size 
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines, etc.
We further report that during the audit period there 
were no event/action occurred which had bearing on 
the Company’s affairs in pursuance of the above referred 
laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards etc. except 
following events:
1. On 26 th July, 2024, at 1 st Extra-Ordinary General 
Meeting of the Company, the members have 
approved the following:
 1) Increase in authorised share capital from 
existing H 53,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty-Three 
Crores only) divided into 5,00,00,000 (Five 
Crores) equity shares of H 10/- (Rupees Ten) each 
and 30,00,000 Preference shares of H 10 (Rupees 
Ten) each to H 65,00,00,000 (Rupees Sixty-Five 
Crores only) divided into 6,20,00,000 (Six Crores 
Twenty Lacs) equity shares of H10/- (Rupees 
Ten only) each and 30,00,000 (Thirty Lacs) 
Preference shares of H 10 (Rupees Ten) each, by 
way of an Ordinary Resolution.
 2) To issue up to 46,15,384 (Forty-Six Lacs Fifteen 
Thousand Three Hundred Eighty-Four) fully 
paid-up Equity Shares of H 10/- (Rupees Ten only) 
each at a price of H 143/- (Rupees One Hundred 
and Forty-Three) per share (including a premium 
of H 133/- (One Hundred Thirty-Three) on 
preferential basis by way of a Special Resolution.
 3) Issue 20,27,972 (Twenty Lacs Twenty-Seven 
Thousand Nine Hundred Seventy Two) 
convertible warrants on Preferential Basis by 
way of a Special Resolution.
 4) Issue - 0% compulsorily convertible preference 
shares upon variation of terms of 0% non-
convertible, non- cumulative, redeemable 
preference shares by way of Special Resolution.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
92
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 80 =====
 5) Appointment of Mr. Rajash Dineshkumar Shah (DIN: 10630161) as an Independent Director of the Company by 
way of a Special Resolution.
2. At the 2nd Extraordinary General Meeting dated 10 th December 2024, the Company was to consider a resolution 
regarding increase in authorised share capital of the Company and raising of funds through the issuance of 
1,02,04,078 equity shares to Non-promoter on a preferential basis and the issuance of 66,32,244 Warrants to 
Promoters, the Promoter Group and Non- Promoters on preferential basis. All the resolution were withdrawn prior 
to its consideration in the meeting. 
3. On 19 th April, 2025, through postal ballot, the members have approved the following agenda by passing a 
special resolution:
 1. Appointment of Mr. Umeshsinh Bhanupratapsinh Rathod (DIN: 07378004) as an Independent Director of the 
Company for the first term of 5 consecutive years.
 2. Appointment of Mr. Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia (DIN: 02329466) as an Independent Director of the Company 
for the first term of 5 consecutive years.
FOR, TNT & ASSOCIATES
PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARIES
P.R. NO.: 3209/2023
PLACE:- VADODARA SIGNATURE
DATE:- 28TH JULY, 2025 NAME OF PCS   : ASHISH TRIPATHI
 PARTNER
ACS NO. : 23396
C.P. NO. : 10443
UDIN NO. : A023396G000872189
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as “Annexure A” and forms an integral part 
of this report.
93
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 81 =====
FOR, TNT & ASSOCIATES
PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARIES
P.R. NO.: 3209/2023
PLACE:- VADODARA SIGNATURE
DATE:- 28TH JULY, 2025 NAME OF PCS   : ASHISH TRIPATHI
 PARTNER
ACS NO. : 23396
C.P. NO. : 10443
UDIN NO. : A023396G000872189
Annexure “A” to Secretarial Audit Report
To,
The Members,
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited
CIN: - L27108GJ2002PLC040488
E- 77, G I D C, Savli (Manjusar) 
Dist, Baroda, Gujarat, India-391775.
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit.
2. We have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about 
the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that 
correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a 
reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the 
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
94
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 82 =====
Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors
(Pursuant to the Regulation 34 (3) and Schedule V Para C Clause (10) (i) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To, 
The Members of 
RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED 
(CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488)
E- 77, G I D C, Savli (Manjusar) 
Dist- Baroda, Gujarat, India-391775
Dear Sir / Madam,
We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of 
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited, CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488, having Registered Office situated at E- 77, 
G I D C, Savli (Manjusar), Dist Baroda, Gujarat, India-391775 (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”), produced before 
us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34 (3) read with Schedule 
V Para C Clause 10 (i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (Including Directors Identification 
Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the 
Company and its officers, We hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for 
the Financial Year ending on 31st March, 2025, have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing 
as the Directors of the Companies, by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
(“MCA”) or any such other Statutory Authority:-
Sr. 
No. Name of the Directors DIN Date of Appointment 
in the Company *
1 Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi 00495922 20/02/2002
2 Babulal Sohanlal Chaplot 03539750 01/07/2019
3 Sreeram Vishwanathan Rishinaradamangalam 09537193 16/04/2022
4 Binita Verdia 09724262 07/09/2022
5 Vimalbhai Ukchand Bokadia 02329466 28/01/2025
6 Umeshsinh Bhanupratapsinh Rathod 07378004 28/01/2025
7 Rajash Dineshkumar Shah 10630161 22/05/2024
8 Karuna Vinod Advani 02235834 12/12/2023
*The date of appointment is as per the MCA Portal.
The Directors who have resigned/retired during the Financial Year under reference are not part of the above table.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the 
management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the basis of our verification. This certificate 
is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the 
management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
FOR, TNT & ASSOCIATES DATE:- 28TH JULY, 2025
PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARIES PLACE:- VADODARA
P. R. NO.:- 3209/2023
_______________
ASHISH TRIPATHI
PARTNER
ACS NO.:- 23396
CP NO.:- 10443
UDIN:- A023396G000872255 
95
Financial Statements03Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02

===== PAGE 83 =====
FOR, TNT & ASSOCIATES DATE:- 28TH JULY, 2025
PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARIES PLACE:- VADODARA
_______________
ASHISH TRIPATHI
PARTNER
ACS NO.:- 23396
CP NO.:- 10443
P. R. NO.:- 3209/2023
UDIN:- A023396G000872255 
Certificate on Corporate Governance
(Pursuant to Regulation 34 (3) and Schedule V Para E of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To,
The Members of
Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited
(CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488)
E- 77, G I D C, Savli (Manjusar) 
Dist, Baroda, Gujarat, India, 391775
Dear Sir / Madam,
We have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by Ratnaveer Precision Engineering 
Limited, CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488, having Registered Office situated at E- 77, G I D C, Savli (Manjusar) Dist-Baroda, 
Gujarat, India, 391775 (hereinafter referred to as “The Company”), for the Financial Year ended on 31 March 2025, as 
stipulated in Regulation 17 to 27 and clause (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46  and para C, D and E of 
Schedule V  of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, (collectively referred to as “SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015”).
The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Company's Management. Our 
examination was limited to the review procedures and implementation thereof, as adopted by the Company for 
ensuring the compliance with conditions of Corporate Governance. 
It is neither an audit nor an expression of an opinion on the financial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and representation 
made by the management, we certify that the Company, to the extent applicable, has complied with the conditions 
of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above-mentioned SEBI Listing Regulations, 2015 for the year ended 
on 31 March 2025.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
96
Annual Report 2024-25


===== PAGE 84 =====
Financial
Statements

===== PAGE 85 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
98
Annual Report 2024-25
Independent Auditor’s Report
TO
The Members of 
RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Standalone IND AS 
Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Standalone IND 
AS Financial Statements of RATNAVEER PRECISION 
ENGINEERING LIMITED (the “Company”), which comprise 
the Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2025, the Statement of 
Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), 
the Statement of Changes in Equity and the Statement 
of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date and a 
summary of material accounting policies and other 
explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the 
“Standalone Financial statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
Standalone Financial Statements give the information 
required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in 
the manner so required and give a true and fair view 
in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards 
prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, 
as amended, (“IND AS”) and other accounting principles 
generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the 
Company as at March 31, 2025 and its profit, changes in 
equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing (“SA”s) specified under section 143(10) of the 
Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are 
further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the 
Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section 
of our report. We are independent of the Company in 
accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with 
the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
the Standalone Financial Statements under the provisions 
of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance 
with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We 
believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient 
and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion 
on the Standalone IND AS Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional 
judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
Standalone IND AS Financial Statements of the current 
period. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the Standalone IND AS Financial Statements 
as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we 
do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
Other matter
Dies and tools capitalized during the year are self generated 
assets amounting to Rs.395.54 million and Rs.830.95 
million as certified by MR. UPENDRA NATH MAHTO, 
vide certificate no. UNM/GEN/019/2024-25 and UNM/
GEN/018/2024-25 dated 31/3/2025 respectively,(refer 
note no.61A of notes forming parts of Standalone IND AS 
Financial Statements.
Information Other than the Financial 
Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the 
other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the Annual Report, but does not 
include the Standalone IND AS Financial Statements and 
our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the Standalone IND AS Financial 
Statements does not cover the other information and we 
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone IND AS 
Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the 
other information and, in doing so, consider whether 
the other information is materially inconsistent with 
the Standalone Financial Statements or our knowledge 
obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude 
that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have 
nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Those 
Charged with Governance for the Standalone 
IND AS Financial Statements
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for 
the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with 
respect to the preparation of these Standalone IND AS 
Financial Statements that give a true and fair view of 
the Financial position, Financial performance, including 
other comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash 
flows of the Company in accordance with the IND AS and 
other accounting principles generally accepted in India, 

===== PAGE 86 =====
99
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
including IND AS specified under section 133 of the Act. 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate 
accounting records in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for 
preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection and application of appropriate accounting 
policies; making judgments and estimates that are 
reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate Internal Financial Controls, 
that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to 
the preparation and presentation of the Standalone IND 
AS Financial Statements that give a true and fair view 
and are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error.
In preparing the Standalone IND AS Financial Statements, 
management is responsible for assessing the Company’s 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as 
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the 
going concern basis of accounting unless management 
either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease 
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing 
the Company’s Financial reporting process.
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
Standalone IND AS Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about 
whether the Standalone IND AS Financial Statements as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high 
level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit 
conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a 
material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can 
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, 
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably 
be expected to influence the economic decisions of 
users taken on the basis of these Standalone IND AS 
Financial Statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise 
professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
	 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the Standalone Financial statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit 
procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain 
audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate 
to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not 
detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, 
as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional 
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of 
internal control.
	 Obtain an understanding of internal financial control 
relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under 
section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible 
for expressing our opinion on whether the Company 
has adequate Internal Financial Controls system with 
reference to Standalone Financial Statement in place 
and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
	 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies 
used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the management.
	 Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s 
use of the going concern basis of accounting and, 
based on the audit evidence obtained, whether 
a material uncertainty exists related to events or 
conditions that may cast significant doubt on the 
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If 
we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we 
are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report 
to the related disclosures in the Standalone Financial 
statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to 
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on 
the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our 
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions 
may cause the Company to cease to continue as 
a going concern.
	 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and 
content of the Standalone IND AS Financial 
statements, including the disclosures, and whether 
the Standalone IND AS Financial Statements 
represent the underlying transactions and events in 
a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in 
the Standalone IND AS Financial Statements that, 
individually or in aggregate, makes it probable that the 
economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user 
of the Standalone IND AS Financial Statements may be 
influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit 
work and in evaluating the results of our works; and (ii) to 
evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the 
Standalone IND AS Financial Statements.
We communicate with those charged with governance 
regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, 
including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with 
a statement that we have complied with relevant 
ethical requirements regarding independence, and to 
communicate with them all relationships and other 
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our 
independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

===== PAGE 87 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
100
Annual Report 2024-25
From the matters communicated with those charged 
with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the Standalone 
IND AS Financial Statements of the current period and 
are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these 
matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation 
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in 
extremely rare circumstance, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicate in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably 
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of 
such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory 
Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) 
Order, 2020 (the “Order”) issued by the Central 
Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, 
we give in “Annexure A” a statement on the matters 
specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on 
our audit we report that:
 a) We have sought and obtained all the information 
and explanations which to the best of our 
knowledge and belief were necessary for the 
purposes of our audit.
 b) In our opinion, proper books of account as 
required by law have been kept by the Company 
so far as it appears from our examination 
of those books.
 c) The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Standalone 
Statement of Profit and Loss including Other 
Comprehensive Income, Standalone Statement 
of Changes in Equity and the Standalone 
Statement of Cash Flows dealt with by this Report 
are in agreement with the books of account.
 d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone 
Financial statements comply with the IND AS 
specified under Section 133 of the Act.
 e) On the basis of the written representations 
received from the directors as on March 31, 
2025 taken on record by the Board of Directors, 
none of the directors is disqualified as on March 
31, 2025 from being appointed as a director in 
terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
 f) With respect to the adequacy of the Internal 
Financial Controls with reference to Standalone 
Financial Statements of the Company and the 
operating effectiveness of such controls, refer 
to our separate Report in “Annexure B”. Our 
report expresses an unmodified opinion on 
the adequacy and operating effectiveness of 
the Company’s Internal Financial Controls with 
reference to Standalone Financial Statements.
 g) With respect to the other matters to be 
included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance 
with the requirements of section 197(6) of the 
Act, as amended:
  In our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us, 
the remuneration paid by the Company to its 
directors during the year is in accordance with 
the provisions of section 197 of the Act.
 h) With respect to the other matters to be included 
in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 
11 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 
2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the 
best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us:
  i. The Company has disclosed the impact of 
pending litigations on its financial position 
in the Standalone IND AS Financial 
Statements (Refer Note No 35 to the 
Standalone IND AS Financial Statements.)
  ii. The Company did not have any long term 
contracts including derivative contracts 
for which there were any material 
foreseeable losses.
  iii. There were no amounts which were required 
to be transferred to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Company.
  iv. (a) The Management has represented 
that, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, no funds (which are material 
either individually or in the aggregate) 
have been advanced or loaned or 
invested (either from borrowed funds 
or share premium or any other sources 
or kind of funds) by the Company to or 
in any other person or entity, including 
foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly 
or indirectly lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any 
manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, security 
or the like on behalf of the 
Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   (b) The Management has represented, 
that, to the best of its knowledge 
and belief, no funds (which are 
material either individually or in the 
aggregate) have from been received 
by the Company any person or entity, 
including foreign entity (“Funding 
Parties”), with the understanding, 

===== PAGE 88 =====
101
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
whether recorded in writing or 
otherwise, that the Company shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend 
or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever 
by or on behalf of the Funding Party 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide 
any guarantee, security or the like on 
behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   c) Based on the audit procedures that 
have been considered reasonable 
and appropriate in the circumstances, 
nothing has come to our notice that 
has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause 
(i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided 
under (a) and (b) above, contain any 
material misstatement.
  v. The company has not declared and paid 
any Interim divided nor has proposed any 
final dividend during the previous year 
and hence the question of Compliance 
and applicability of Section 123 of the 
Companies Act does not arise.
  vi. Based on our examination, which 
included test checks, the Company has 
used accounting software systems for 
maintaining its books of account for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2025 which 
have the feature of recording audit trail 
(edit log) facility and the same has operated 
throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software 
systems. Further, during the course of our 
audit we did not come across any instance 
of the audit trail feature being tampered 
with and the audit trail has been preserved 
by the Company as per the statutory 
requirements for record retention.
For, M/s Pankaj R. Shah & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Registration No. 107361W)
CA Nilesh Shah,
Partner,
Place : Ahmedabad Membership No. 107414,
Date : 14 -05- 2025 UDIN : 25107414BNGITU5209

===== PAGE 89 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
102
Annual Report 2024-25
Annexure ‘A’ to the Independent Auditor’s Report
(Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal 
and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report to 
the Members of RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING 
LIMITED of even date)
With reference to the Annexure A, referred to in the 
Independent Auditors Report to the members of 
the Company on the Standalone IND AS Financial 
Statements for the year ended on 31st March 2025, we 
report following:
1. In respect of its Property, Plant and 
Equipment and Intangible Assets:
 (A) (a) The Company has maintained proper 
records showing full particulars, including 
quantitative details and situation of 
Property,Plant and Equipment.
  (b) The Company has maintained proper 
records showing full particulars of 
intangible assets.
 (B) According to the information and explanations 
given to us, the property, plant and equipment 
are physically verified in a phased manner by 
the management during the year, which, in 
our opinion is reasonable having regard to the 
size of the Company and nature of its assets. 
No material discrepancies were noticed on 
such verification.
 (C) The title deeds of immovable properties are 
held in the name of the company.
 (D) According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company 
has not revalued any of its Property, Plant and 
Equipment during the year.
 (E) No proceedings have been initiated during the year 
or are pending against the Company as at March 
31, 2025 for holding any benami property under 
the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 
(as amended in 2016) and rules made thereunder.
2. In respect of its Inventories:
 (A) As explained to us, the inventories have been 
physically verified by the management at reasonable 
intervals during the year. In our opinion the frequency 
of verification is reasonable and the coverage and 
procedure of such verification by the management 
is appropriate. As explained to us, there were no 
discrepancies of 10% or more in aggregate for each 
class on physical verification of inventory as compared 
to the book records.
 (B) The Company has been sanctioned working 
capital limits (including fund based and non-
fund-based limits) in excess of Rs. Five crores in 
aggregate from banks on the basis of security 
of the current assets. Quarterly returns or 
statements filed by the company with such 
banks are in agreement with the books of 
accounts of the company.
3. According to the information and explanations given 
to us, during the year, the company has not made any 
investment in, provided guarantee or any security or 
granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, 
secured or unsecured to companies, firm, limited 
liability partnership or any other parties:
 (a) The Company does not have any Subsidiary, 
Associate or joint venture. Hence, reporting 
under clause 3(iii)(a) is not applicable.
 (b) In our opinion and according to the information 
and explanations given to us, the company has 
not granted any loans or advances in the nature 
of loans. Hence, reporting under para 3(iii)(c) to 
3(iii)(f) is not applicable.
4. In our opinion and according to the information and 
explanation given to us, the Company has complied 
with the provisions of Sections 185 and 186 of the Act 
in respect of guarantees and securities provided by it.
5. The Company has not accepted any deemed deposits 
from the public during the year under review. 
Accordingly, clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable.
6. We have broadly reviewed the books of accounts 
maintained by the company in respect of products 
where pursuance to the rules made by the Central 
Government of India, the maintenance of Cost records 
has been prescribed under sub section (1) of section 
148 of Companies Act, 2013, we are of the opinion 
that prima facie, the prescribed accounts & records 
have been maintained. We have however, not made 
a detailed examination of the records with a view to 
determine whether they are accurate or complete.
7. In respect of Statutory Dues:
 (a) The company does not have liability in respect 
of Service Tax, Duty of excise, Sales tax and value 
added tax during the year since effective 1st July 
2017, these statutory dues has been subsumed 
in to Goods & Service Tax.

===== PAGE 90 =====
103
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
  According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, amounts deducted/ accrued in the books of account in respect of undisputed statutory 
dues including provident fund, ESIC, income-tax, duty of customs, Goods & Service Tax, cess and other 
material statutory dues have generally been regularly deposited during the year by the Company with the 
appropriate authorities.
  According to the information and explanations given to us, no undisputed amounts payable in respect of 
provident fund, ESIC, income tax, duty of customs, Goods & Service Tax, cess and other material statutory dues 
were in arrears as at 31st March 2025 for a period of more than six months from the date it became payable.
 (b) According to the information and explanations given to us, there are no material dues of Income tax & Goods 
and service tax, which have not been deposited with the appropriate authorities on account of any disputed 
with the appropriate authorities on account of dispute, other than those as mentioned under:
Sr 
No Nature of the Dues
Financial Year to 
which the matter 
relates
Forum where the 
matter is pending 
Amount( in Rs in Lakhs ) 
( net of payment)
GUJARAT SALES TAX ACT
a) SALES TAX 2003-04
Gujarat VAT –Tribunal 
0.43
b) SALES TAX 2008-09 0.84
c) SALES TAX 2008-09 0.50
d) SALES TAX 2012-13 21.75
e) SALES TAX 2013-14 11.93
f) SALES TAX 2013-14 07.85
g) SALES TAX 2014-15 22.85
h) SALES TAX 2014-15 09.56
i) SALES TAX 2015-16 42.84
j) SALES TAX 2015-16 Gujarat VAT –Tribunal 4.36
k) SALES TAX 2016-17
Gujarat VAT –Tribunal
13.21
l) SALES TAX 2016-17 7.93
m) SALES TAX 2017-18 3.26
n) SALES TAX 2017-18 1.22
INCOME TAX ACT,1961
a) Income Tax 2008-09 CIT A, Ahmedabad-12 0.99
b) Income Tax 2010-11 CIT A, Ahmedabad-12 5.55
c) Income Tax 2012-13 CIT A, Ahmedabad-12 376.83
d) Income Tax 2019-20 CIT A, Ahmedabad-12 30.62
CESTAT
a) Customs 2019-20 Tribunal 153.55
b) Customs 2019-20 Tribunal 16.93
c) Customs 2016-17 Tribunal 61.45
d) Customs 2017-18 Tribunal 468.08
e) Customs 2018-19 Tribunal 124.96
8. According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, there were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that have been surrendered or 
disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
9. (a) According to information & explanations given to us, the company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or 
borrowings or in the payment of interest to Banks & Financial Institutions.
 (b) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, the Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or Financial institution or 
government or any government authority.
 (c) In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us by the management, term loans 
obtained during the year by the company have been applied for the purposes for which they were obtained.
 (d) On an overall examination of the Financial statements of the Company, funds raised on short-term basis have, 
prima facie, not been used during the year for long-term purposes by the Company.

===== PAGE 91 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
104
Annual Report 2024-25
 (e) According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on overall examination of the 
records of the company, The Company does 
not have any Subsidiary, associate or joint 
venture. Hence, reporting under clause 3(ix)(e) is 
not applicable.
 (f) According to the information and explanations 
given to us and on overall examination of the 
records of the company, The Company does 
not have any Subsidiary, associate or joint 
venture. Hence, reporting under clause 3(ix)(f) is 
not applicable.
10. (a) The company has not raised money’s by way 
of Intial Public Offer or Further Public Offer ( 
including debt instruments ) during the year. 
Accordingly Clause 3 (x) (a) of the order is 
not applicable.
 (b) According to information & explanation given to 
us and on the basis of our examination of the 
records of the company, the company has made 
preferential allotment of shares during the year 
under review, The requirement of section 62 of 
the Act are complied with and funds are utilized 
for the purpose for which they were raised.
11. (a) According to the information and explanations 
given to us, no fraud by the Company or on 
the Company by its officers or employees 
has been noticed or reported during the 
course of our audit.
 (b) According to the information and explanations 
given to us, no report under sub-section (12) 
of section 143 of the Companies Act has been 
filed in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 
of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 
with the Central Government, during the year 
and up to the date of this report.
 (c) As represented by the management, there are 
no whistle blower complaints received by the 
company during the year.
12. In our opinion, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. 
Therefore, the provisions of clause3 (xii) of the Order 
are not applicable to the Company.
13. In our opinion, all transactions with the related 
parties are in compliance with section 177 and 188 
of Companies Act, 2013 and the details have been 
disclosed in the IND AS Financial Statements as 
required by the applicable IND AS.
14. (a) In our opinion the Company has an adequate 
internal audit system commensurate with the 
size and the nature of its business.
 (b) We have considered, the internal audit reports 
for the year under audit, issued to the Company 
during the year and till date, in determining the 
nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures.
15. Based upon the audit procedures performed and 
the information and explanations given by the 
management, the company has not entered into 
any non-cash transactions with directors or persons 
connected with him. Accordingly, the provisions of 
clause 3 (xv) of the Order are not applicable to the 
Company and hence not commented upon.
16. (a) In our opinion, the company is not required to 
be registered under section 45 IA of the Reserve 
Bank of India Act, 1934 and accordingly, the 
provisions of clause 3 (xvi) of the Order are not 
applicable to the Company and hence not 
commented upon.
 (b) In our opinion, there is no core investment 
company within the Group (as defined in 
the Core Investment Companies (Reserve 
Bank) Directions, 2016) and accordingly 
reporting under clause 3(xvi)(d) of the Order is 
not applicable.
17. The Company has not incurred cash losses during 
the Financial year covered by our audit and the 
immediately preceding Financial year.
18. There has been no resignation of the statutory 
auditors of the Company during the year and 
accordingly this clause is not applicable and hence 
not commented upon.
19. On the basis of the Financial ratios, ageing and 
expected dates of realisation of Financial assets and 
payment of Financial liabilities, other information 
accompanying the Financial statements and 
our knowledge of the Board of Directors and 
Management plans and based on our examination 
of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing 
has come to our attention, which causes us to believe 
that any material uncertainty exists as on the date 
of the audit report indicating that Company is not 
capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date 
of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a 
period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, 
however, state that this is not an assurance as to the 

===== PAGE 92 =====
105
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Particulars As on March 2025 
( ₹ In Million)
Amount required to be spent by the Company during the year 5.58
Amount spent by the company during the year 7.45
future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit 
report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year 
from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and when they fall due.
20. (a)  According to the information and explanations give to us, the company is required to spent amount u/s 135 of 
the Act and hence, paragraph 3(xx) of the order is applicable. Details are as below.
21. As the company does not have any subsidiary, associate or Joint venture, clause (xxi) is not applicable to the 
company, hence not commented upon.
For, M/s Pankaj R. Shah & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Registration No. 107361W)
CA Nilesh Shah,
Partner,
Place : Ahmedabad Membership No. 107414,
Date : 14 -05- 2025 UDIN : 25107414BNGITU5209

===== PAGE 93 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
106
Annual Report 2024-25
Annexure ‘B’ to the Independent Auditor’s Report of even date on The Financial Statements 
Of Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited
Report on the Internal Financial Controls 
under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 
143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal Financial controls over 
Financial reporting of RATNAVEER PRECISION 
ENGINEERING LIMITED (“the Company”) as of March 
31, 2025 in conjunction with our audit of the Financial 
statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal 
Financial Controls
The Company’s Management is responsible for 
establishing and maintaining internal Financial controls 
based on the internal control with reference to standalone 
IND AS financial statement criteria established by the 
Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of 
Internal Financial Controls with reference to standalone 
IND AS financial statement issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India. These responsibilities 
include the design, implementation and maintenance of 
adequate internal Financial controls that were operating 
effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct 
of its business, including adherence to the Company’s 
policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention 
and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and 
completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable Financial information, as required 
under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the 
Company’s internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone IND AS financial statement based on our 
audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
over financial reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the 
Standards on Auditing as specified under Section 143(10) 
of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to 
an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to 
an audit of Internal Financial Controls and, both issued 
by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. Those 
Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply 
with ethical requirements and plan and perform the 
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal financial controls with reference to 
standalone IND AS financial statement was established 
and maintained and if such controls operated effectively 
in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit 
evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system with reference to standalone IND AS 
financial statement and their operating effectiveness. 
Our audit of internal financial controls with reference 
to standalone IND AS financial statement included 
obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls 
with reference to standalone IND AS financial statement 
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, 
and testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed 
risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s 
judgement, including the assessment of the risks of 
material misstatement of the financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the internal financial control system with 
reference to standalone IND AS financial statement.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting
A Company’s internal financial control with reference to 
standalone IND AS financial statement is a process designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of Financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles. A Company’s 
internal Financial control with reference to standalone 
IND AS financial statement includes those policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records 
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
(2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are 
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the Company are being made only in accordance 
with authorizations of management and directors of 
the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that 
could have a material effect on the Financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial 
Controls Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial 
controls with reference to standalone IND AS financial 
statement,including the possibility of collusion or 

===== PAGE 94 =====
107
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not 
be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls with reference to standalone 
IND AS financial statement to future periods are subject 
to the risk that the internal financial control with reference 
to standalone IND AS financial statement may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the 
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures 
may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, 
an adequate internal Financial controls system with 
reference to standalone IND AS financial statement and 
such internal Financial controls were operating effectively 
as at March 31,2025,based on the internal control with 
reference to standalone IND AS financial statement 
criteria established by the Company considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the 
Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
with reference to standalone IND AS financial statement 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
For, M/s Pankaj R. Shah & Associates
Chartered Accountants
(Registration No. 107361W)
CA Nilesh Shah,
Partner,
Place : Ahmedabad Membership No. 107414,
Date : 14 -05- 2025 UDIN : 25107414BNGITU5209

===== PAGE 95 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
108
Annual Report 2024-25
 (Rs. in Million) 
Particulars Note As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
A ASSETS
 1 Non-current assets
 Property Plant & Equipment 5.1  1,862.69  737.22 
 Capital work-in-progress 5.2  538.03  453.23 
 Intangible assets 5.3  -    -   
 Financial Assets
  Non-current investments       
  Loan 6  -    -   
  Other Financial Assets 7  34.32  35.04 
 Deferred Tax Assets (net)  -    -   
 Other Non-Current Assets 8  71.87  22.88 
 2,506.91  1,248.37 
 2 Current assets
 Inventories 9  2,928.46  2,449.29 
 Financial Assets
  Trade receivables 10  656.18  447.65 
  Cash and cash equivalents 11  425.58  34.94 
  Bank Balance other than above 12  233.02  560.48 
  Loans
  Other Financial Assets 13  3.79  0.60 
 Current Income Tax
 Other current assets 14  708.68  419.55 
 4,955.71  3,912.51 
TOTAL ASSETS  7,462.62  5,160.88 
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 1 Equity
 Equity Share capital 15  532.44  486.94 
 Other Equity 16  3,176.77  2,034.20 
 Share Application Money  -    -   
 3,709.21  2,521.14 
Liabilties
 2 Non-current liabilities
 Financial Liabilities
  Borrowings 17  564.16  339.39 
  Other long-term liabilities  -   
 Deferred tax liabilities (net) 18  132.77  57.07 
 Long-term provisions 23  4.85  0.99 
 701.78  397.45 
 3 Current liabilities
 Financial Liabilities
  Borrowings 19  1,387.01  1,733.01 
  Trade payables 20
 Total Outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprise  20.71  80.18 
 Total Outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro and small Enterprise  1,186.03  359.37 
 Other Financial Liabilities  -    -   
 Other Current Liabilities 21  432.09  51.14 
 Current Tax Liabilities (Net) 22  10.26  5.76 
 Short-Term Provisions 23  15.53  12.83 
 3,051.63  2,242.30 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  7,462.62  5,160.88 
The accompanying notes are integral part of these  financial statements 1 - 64
Standalon Balance Sheet 
as at March 31,2025
CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
As per our report of even date attached for and on behalf of Board of Directors of
For Pankaj R Shah & Associates RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED
Chartered Accountants  ( Formerly Known As RATNAVEER METALS LIMITED )
Firm Regn. No. 107361W CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
CA Nilesh Shah B. S. Chaplot Vijay R Sanghavi
Partner Whole Time Director Managing Director& CFO
Membership No. - 107414 DIN: 03539750 DIN: 00495922
UDIN : 25107414BMGITU5209
Ahmedabad
Date:  14-05-2025 Umang Lalpurwala
 Company Secretary
 Membership No. A38420
 Place: Vadodara
 Date: 14-05-2025

===== PAGE 96 =====
109
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
 (Rs. in Million) 
Particulars  Note 
No.
For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
I Revenue from operations 24  8,918.78  5,953.79 
II Other income 25  40.32  70.21 
III Total Income (I+II)  8,959.10  6,024.00 
IV Expenses
Cost of materials consumed 26  7,968.53  5,667.35 
Purchases of stock-in-trade  -  - 
Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade 27  (423.24)  (545.29)
Employee benefits expenses 28  102.74  68.14 
Finance costs 29  126.78  120.87 
Depreciation  expenses 30  170.92  58.24 
Other expenses 31  406.84  263.76 
Total expenses  8,352.57  5,633.07 
V Profit before exceptional and extraordinary items and Tax (I-IV)  606.53  390.93 
VI Exceptional items  -  - 
VII Profit before tax  (V-VI)  606.53  390.93 
VIII Tax expense: 32
Current tax expense for current year  57.05  47.80 
Short / (Excess) Provision for income tax  5.63  22.63 
Deferred tax  75.70  10.00 
 138.38  80.43 
IX Profit  from continuing operations (VII-VIII)  468.15  310.50 
X Profit / (Loss) from discontinuing operations (before tax)  -  - 
XI Tax expense of discontinuing operations  -  - 
XII Profit/(loss) from Discontinued operations (X-XI)  -  - 
XIII Profit for the period (IX+XII)  468.15  310.50 
XIV Other Comprehensive Income
A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 33  (3.32)  (0.08)
 (ii) Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss 33  0.02  0.02 
B (i) Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss  -  - 
 (ii) Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit and loss  -  - 
 (3.30)  (0.06)
XV Total Comprehensive Income for the period (XIII+XIV)  464.85  310.44 
XVI Earnings per share for continued operation 34
Basic & diluted  (of Rs.10/- each)  9.31  7.61 
XVII Earnings per share for discontinued operation
Basic & diluted  (of Rs.10/- each)  -  - 
XVIII Earnings per share for continued operation and discontinued operation
Basic & diluted  (of Rs. 10/- each)  9.31  7.61 
The accompanying notes are integral part of these  financial statements 1 - 64
Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
for the year Ended March 31, 2025
CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
As per our report of even date attached for and on behalf of Board of Directors of
For Pankaj R Shah & Associates RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED
Chartered Accountants  ( Formerly Known As RATNAVEER METALS LIMITED )
Firm Regn. No. 107361W CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
CA Nilesh Shah B. S. Chaplot Vijay R Sanghavi
Partner Whole Time Director Managing Director& CFO
Membership No. - 107414 DIN: 03539750 DIN: 00495922
UDIN : 25107414BMGITU5209
Ahmedabad
Date:  14-05-2025 Umang Lalpurwala
 Company Secretary
 Membership No. A38420
 Place: Vadodara
 Date: 14-05-2025

===== PAGE 97 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
110
Annual Report 2024-25
Standalone Cashflow Statement for
the Year Ended March 31, 2025
CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
 (Rs. in Million) 
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31.03.2025  31.03.2024 
(A) Cash Flow from Operating Activities :
Net Profit before Tax  606.53  390.93 
Adjustments for :
 Depreciation  170.92  58.24 
 Interest Income  (23.06)  (25.16)
 Interest expenses  126.77  120.87 
 Amount transferred to Reserves  -  - 
 (Profit) / Loss on sale of PPE  (0.10)  (0.19)
Operating Profit Before Working Capital Changes  881.06  544.69 
Adjustments for:
Non-current/current financial and other assets
 Decrease/(Increase) in Other Financial Assets  (3.19)  1.01 
 Decrease/(Increase) in Loans  -  - 
 Decrease/(Increase) in Other Non-Current Assets  (48.28)  (25.78)
 Decrease/(Increase) in Other Current Assets  (289.13)  (147.17)
Trade Receivables  (208.53)  186.06 
Inventories  (479.18)  (391.03)
Non-current/current financial and other liabilities/provisions  8.36  (28.48)
Increase/(Decrease) in Trade Payables  767.20  64.08 
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Current Liabilities  380.96  1.10 
Increase/(Decrease) in Other Financial Liabilities  -  - 
Increase/(Decrease) in Short Term Provisions  2.70  (10.55)
Cash Generated from/(used in) Operating Activities  1,011.97  193.93 
Direct Taxes Paid (Net)  (62.69)  (70.43)
Net Cash from Operating Activities (A)  949.28  123.50 
(B) Cash Flow from Investing Activity :
Purchase of property, plant and equipment's  (1,381.19)  (660.06)
Proceeds from sale of PPE  0.38  1.26 
Interest Received  23.06  25.16 
Net Cash form Investing Activities (B)  (1,357.75)  (633.64)

===== PAGE 98 =====
111
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Standalone Cashflow Statement for
the Year Ended March 31, 2025
CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
 (Rs. in Million) 
Particulars For the Year Ended 
 31.03.2025  31.03.2024 
(C) Cash Flow from Financial Activities :
Proceeds /(Repayment) of Long Term Borrowings (Net)  224.77  (0.66)
Proceeds /(Repayment) from Short Term Borrowings (Net)  (346.00)  (226.84)
Interest Paid  (126.77)  (120.87)
Increase in share Warrant Amount  72.50  - 
Increase in share Capital  45.50  138.00 
Proceeds on account of Securities Premium  601.64  1,012.22 
Net Cash Flow from/(used in) Financing Activities (C )  471.64  801.85 
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Bank Balance (A+B+C)  63.16  291.71 
Add : Opening Cash & Bank Balances
Cash on hand  1.57  2.27 
 Bank Balance In Current Account  33.37  0.08 
 Bank Balance in Fixed Deposit Account aginst Bank Guarantee and 
Margin Money 
 560.48  301.39 
 595.42  303.74 
Closing Cash & Bank Balances
Cash on hand  3.36  1.57 
 Bank Balance In Current Account  422.22  33.37 
 Bank Balance in Fixed Deposit Account aginst Bank Guarantee and 
Margin Money 
 233.02  560.48 
 658.60  595.42 
Refer Note 3.18 for Cash flow method
As per our report of even date attached for and on behalf of Board of Directors of
For Pankaj R Shah & Associates RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED
Chartered Accountants  ( Formerly Known As RATNAVEER METALS LIMITED )
Firm Regn. No. 107361W CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
CA Nilesh Shah B. S. Chaplot Vijay R Sanghavi
Partner Whole Time Director Managing Director& CFO
Membership No. - 107414 DIN: 03539750 DIN: 00495922
UDIN : 25107414BMGITU5209
Ahmedabad
Date:  14-05-2025 Umang Lalpurwala
 Company Secretary
 Membership No. A38420
 Place: Vadodara
 Date: 14-05-2025

===== PAGE 99 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
112
Annual Report 2024-25
 (Rs. in Million) 
Particulars
 Balance at 
the beginning 
of the current 
reporting period 
 Changes in 
Equity Share 
Capital due to 
prior period errors 
 Changes in 
equity share 
capital during 
the current year 
 Balance at 
the end of 
the current 
reporting period 
Balance as at March 31, 2025  486.94  -  45.50  532.44 
Balance as at March 31, 2024  348.94  -  138.00  486.94 
 (Rs. in Million) 
Particulars Security 
premium 
 Capital 
Reserve 
Retained 
Earnings 
 Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 Total 
Balance as at April 1, 2023  172.79  -    537.75  1.07  711.68 
Profit for the year  1,012.22  -    -    (0.06)  1,012.16 
Addition / (Utilization) during the Year  -    -    310.35  -    310.35 
Items of OCI, net of tax  -    -    -    -    -   
Re-measurement losses on defined benefit plans  -    -    -    -    -   
Balance as at March 31, 2024  1,185.01  -    848.18  1.01  2,034.20 
Balance as at April 1, 2024  1,185.01  848.18  1.01  2,034.20 
Profit for the year  605.20  (3.30)  601.90 
Addition / (Utilization) during the Year  468.16  -    468.16 
Items of OCI, net of tax  72.50  -    72.50 
Re-measurement losses on defined benefit plans  -    -   
Balance as at March 31, 2025  1,790.21  -    1,388.84  (2.29)  3,176.77 
Statement of Changes in Equity
CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
A. Equity share capital
B. Other equity
As per our report of even date attached for and on behalf of Board of Directors of
For Pankaj R Shah & Associates RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED
Chartered Accountants  ( Formerly Known As RATNAVEER METALS LIMITED )
Firm Regn. No. 107361W CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
CA Nilesh Shah B. S. Chaplot Vijay R Sanghavi
Partner Whole Time Director Managing Director& CFO
Membership No. - 107414 DIN: 03539750 DIN: 00495922
UDIN : 25107414BMGITU5209
Ahmedabad
Date:  14-05-2025 Umang Lalpurwala
 Company Secretary
 Membership No. A38420
 Place: Vadodara
 Date: 14-05-2025

===== PAGE 100 =====
113
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
1. Company Information
 Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited (the 
‘Company’) is a public limited Company and 
domiciled in India and is incorporated under the 
provisions of the Companies Act with its registered 
office located at E-77, GIDC Savli (Manjusar), 
Baroda - 391775. The company is engaged in the 
manufacturing and selling of diverse range of SS 
products with its manufacturing facilities located in 
Baroda and Ahmedabad State of Gujarat.
 The Board of Directors approved the standalone 
financial statements for the year ended March 31, 
2025 on 14th June, 2025.
2. Basis of Preparation and Presentation
2.1 Statement of Compliance
 (I) Financial Statements have been prepared in 
accordance with the accounting principles 
generally accepted in India including Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) prescribed under 
the Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 read 
with rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended and relevant 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013
  Accordingly, the Company has prepared these 
Financial Statements are consistent with those 
followed in the preparation of the Company's 
annual financial statement for the year 
ended March 31,2025.
 (ii) Basis of Preparation and Presentation
  Basis of preparation of financial statements
  These financial statements are prepared in 
accordance with Indian Accounting Standards 
(Ind AS) under the historical cost convention 
on the accrual basis except for certain financial 
instruments which are measured at fair values, 
the provisions of the Companies Act,2013(`Act')
(to the extent notified) and guidelines. The 
Ind AS are prescribed under Section 133 of 
the Act read with Rule 3 of the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 
and Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Amendment Rules, 2016. Accounting policies 
have been consistently applied except where 
a newly issued accounting standard is initially 
adopted or a revision to an existing accounting 
standard requires a change in the accounting 
policy hitherto in use.
 (iii) Current and Non-Current Classification
  The Company presents assets and liabilities 
in the Balance Sheet based on Current/ Non-
Current classification.
  An asset is treated as Current when it is :-
	 Expected to be realized or intended to be 
sold or consumed in normal operating cycle;
	 Held primarily for the purpose of trading;
	 Expected to be realized within twelve 
months after the reporting period, or
	 Cash or cash equivalent unless restricted 
from being exchanged or used to settle a 
liability for at least twelve months after the 
reporting period.
  All other assets are classified as non-current.
  A liability is current when:-
	 It is expected to be settled in normal 
operating cycle;
	 It is held primarily for the purpose of trading;
	 It is due to be settled within twelve months 
after the reporting period, or
	 There is no unconditional right to defer the 
settlement of the liability for at least twelve 
months after the reporting period.
  The Company classifies all other liabilities 
as non-current.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified 
as non-current assets and liabilities.
 (iv) Operating Cycle
  Based on the nature of products/activities of 
the Company and the normal time between 
acquisition of assets and their realization in 
cash or cash equivalents, the Company has 
determined its operating cycle as 12 months 
for the purpose of classification of its assets and 
liabilities as current and non-current.
2.2 Functional and Presentation Currency
 Indian rupee is the functional and 
presentation currency.
2.3 Rounding of amounts
 All amounts disclosed in the financial statements 
and notes have been rounded off to the nearest 
millions as per the requirement of Schedule III, 
unless otherwise stated.

===== PAGE 101 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
114
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
3. Material Accounting Policies
3.1 Revenue Recognition
 Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized 
when control of the goods or services are transferred 
to the customer at an amount that reflects the 
consideration entitled in exchange for those goods 
or services. The Company is generally the principal 
as it typically controls the goods or services before 
transferring them to the customer.
 3.1.1 Revenue is generated primarily from sale of S. 
S. Products. Revenue is recognized at the point 
in time when the performance obligation is 
satisfied and control of the goods is transferred 
to the customer in accordance with the terms 
of customer contracts. In case of domestic 
customers, generally revenue recognition take 
place when goods are dispatched and in case 
of export customers when goods are shipped 
onboard based on bill of landing as per the terms 
of contract. Revenue is measured based on the 
transaction price, which is the consideration, 
adjusted for trade discounts, if any, as specified 
in the contract with the customer. Revenue also 
excludes taxes collected from customers.
  A contract liability is the obligation to transfer 
goods to the customer for which the Company 
has received consideration from the customer. 
Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue 
when the Company performs under the contract.
 3.1.2 Sale of Services
  Revenue is recognized from rendering of services 
when the performance obligation is satisfied 
and the services are rendered in accordance 
with the terms of customer contracts. Revenue is 
measured based on the transaction price, which 
is the consideration, as specified in the contract 
with the customer. Revenue also excludes taxes 
collected from customers.
  A contract liability is the obligation to render 
services to the customer for which the Company 
has received consideration from the customer. 
Contract liabilities are recognized as revenue 
when the Company performs under the contract.
 3.1.3 Export Incentive
  Export incentives are accounted on accrual basis 
at the time of export of goods, if the entitlement 
can be estimated with reasonable accuracy and 
conditions precedent to claim are fulfilled.
 3.1.4 Other Income
  (a) Interest Income
   Interest income is recognized using 
effective interest rate method. The effective 
interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts 
estimated future cash receipts through 
expected life of the financial asset to the 
gross carrying amount of the financial asset. 
When calculating the effective interest rate, 
the company estimates the expected cash 
flows by considering all the contractual 
terms of the financial instrument but does 
not consider the expected credit losses.
  (b) Dividend income
   Dividend are recognized in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss only when the right 
to receive payment is established, it is 
probable that the economic benefits 
associated with the dividend will flow 
to the Company, and the amount of the 
dividend can be measured reliably.
  (c) Gain or loss on de recognition of Financial 
Assets
   Gain or Loss on de recognition of financial 
asset is determined as the difference 
between the sale price (net of selling costs) 
and carrying value of financial asset.
  (d) All other Incomes are recognized and 
accounted for on accrual basis
3.2 Property, Plant and Equipment
 Freehold land is carried at historical cost. All other 
items of property, plant and equipment are stated 
at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and 
accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical 
cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable 
to the acquisition of the items.
 The cost comprises the purchase price, borrowing 
cost if capitalization criteria are met and directly 
attributable cost of bringing the asset to its working 
condition for its intended use. Any trade discounts 
and rebates are deducted in arriving at the 
purchase price.
 Subsequent expenditures relating to property, plant 
and equipment is capitalized only when it is probable 
that future economic benefits associated with these 
will flow to the company and the cost of the item can 
be measured reliably.

===== PAGE 102 =====
115
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 All other expenses on existing fixed assets, including 
day-to-day repair and maintenance expenditure and 
cost of replacing parts, are charged to the statement 
of profit and loss for the period during which such 
expenses are incurred.
 For transition to Ind AS, the carrying value of Property 
Plant and Equipment under previous GAAP as on 1st 
April, 2020 is regarded as its cost. The carrying value 
was original cost less accumulated depreciation and 
cumulative impairment.
 Property, Plant and Equipment not ready for the 
intended use on the date of the Balance Sheet are 
disclosed as “Capital work-in-progress”.
 Gains or losses arising from de recognition of fixed 
assets are measured as the difference between the 
net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of 
the asset at the time of disposal and are recognized 
in the statement of profit and loss when the asset 
is derecognized.
 Depreciation on Tangible Assets is calculated on 
written down value method basis using the ratio 
arrived as per the useful life prescribed under 
Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013.
Block of Assets Useful Life (Years)
Buildings 30 - 60
Plant & Machinery 15
Furniture and Fixtures 10
Office Equipment's 5
Vehicles 8 - 10
Office Equipment's 5
 In respect of Property, Plant and Equipment 
purchased during the year, depreciation is provided 
on a pro-rata basis from the date on which such 
asset is ready to use.
 The residual value, useful live and method of 
depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment are 
reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted 
prospectively, if appropriate.
 Intangible Assets
 Expenditure on research is recognized as an expense 
when it is incurred. Expenditure on development 
which does not meet the criteria for recognition 
as an intangible asset is recognized as an expense 
when it is incurred. Costs incurred on individual 
development projects are recognized as intangible 
assets from the date when it meets the criteria of the 
Intangible Assets.
 Intangible Assets are amortized over a period of five 
years as per straight line method.
3.3 Financial Instruments
 3.3.1 Initial recognition
  The company recognizes financial assets and 
financial liabilities when it becomes a party to 
the contractual provisions of the instrument.
  All financial assets and liabilities are recognized 
at fair value on initial recognition.
  Transaction costs that are directly attributable 
to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and 
financial liabilities, which are not at fair value 
through profit or loss, are added to or deducted 
from the fair value of financial assets or financial 
liabilities on initial recognition.
  Transaction costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition of financial assets or financial 
liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are 
recognized immediately in profit or loss.
  Regular way purchase and sale of financial 
assets are accounted for at trade date.
 3.3.2 Subsequent Measurement
  (a) Non-derivative financial instruments
   (i) Financial assets measured at 
amortized cost
    A financial asset is subsequently 
measured at amortized cost if it is 
held within a business model whose 
objective is to hold the asset in order 
to collect contractual cash flows and 
the contractual terms of the financial 
asset give rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding.
   (ii) Financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
    A Financial Asset which is not 
classified in any of the above 
categories are measured at FVTPL. 
Financial assets are reclassified 
subsequent to their recognition, if the 
Company changes its business model 
for managing those financial assets. 
Changes in business model are made 
and applied prospectively from the 

===== PAGE 103 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
116
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
reclassification date which is the first 
day of immediately next reporting 
period following the changes in 
business model in accordance with 
principles laid down under Ind AS 109 
– Financial Instruments.
   (iii) Financial liabilities
    Financial liabilities and equity 
instruments issued by the Company are 
classified according to the substance of 
the contractual arrangements entered 
into and the definitions of a financial 
liability and an equity instrument.
    Interest bearing bank loans, overdrafts 
and issued debt are initially measured 
at fair value and are subsequently 
measured at amortized cost using 
the effective interest rate method. 
Any difference between the proceeds 
(net of transaction costs) and 
the settlement or redemption of 
borrowings is recognized over the term 
of the borrowings in the statement of 
profit and loss.
  (b) Equity instruments
   An equity instrument is a contract that 
evidences residual interest in the assets 
of the company after deducting all of 
its liabilities. Incremental costs directly 
attributable to the issuance of equity 
instruments are recognized as a deduction 
from equity instrument net of any tax effects.
  (c) Derivative financial instruments and 
hedge accounting
   In the ordinary course of business, the 
Company uses certain derivative financial 
instruments to reduce business risks 
which arise from its exposure to foreign 
exchange and interest rate fluctuations. 
The instruments are confined principally 
to forward foreign exchange contracts, 
cross currency swaps, interest rate swaps 
and collars. The instruments are employed 
as hedges of transactions included in the 
financial statements or for highly probable 
forecast transactions/firm contractual 
commitments. These derivatives contracts 
do not generally extend beyond six months, 
Except for certain currency swaps and 
interest rate derivatives.
   Derivatives are initially accounted for and 
measured at fair value on the date the 
derivative contract is entered into and 
are subsequently remeasured to their fair 
value at the end of each reporting period 
through profit and Loss Statement.
   Effective Interest rate method
   The effective interest method is a method 
of calculating the amortized cost of a 
financial instrument and of allocating 
interest income or expense over the 
relevant period. The effective interest rate is 
the rate that exactly discounts future cash 
receipts or payments through the expected 
life of the financial instrument, or where 
appropriate, a shorter period.
 3.3.3 De-recognition
  The company derecognizes a financial asset 
when the contractual rights to the cash flows 
from the financial asset expire or it transfers the 
financial asset and the transfer qualifies for de 
recognition under Ind AS 109. A financial liability 
is derecognized when obligation specified in the 
contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.
 3.3.4 Off-setting
  Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net 
amount is presented in the balance sheet when 
the company currently has a legally enforceable 
right to offset the recognized amounts and 
intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize 
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
3.4 Fair Value Measurement
 Fair value is the price that would be received to sell 
an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the 
measurement date.
 The fair value measurement assumes that the 
transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability 
takes place either:
 - In the principal market for the asset or liability, or
 - In the absence of a principal market, in the most 
advantageous market for the asset or liability.
 A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset 
takes into account a market participant’s ability to 
generate economic benefit by using the asset in 
its highest and best use or by selling it to another 
market participant that would use the asset in its 
highest and best use.

===== PAGE 104 =====
117
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 The company uses valuation techniques that are 
appropriate in the circumstances and for which 
sufficient data is available to measure fair value, 
maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs 
and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.
 All assets and liabilities for which fair value is 
measured or disclosed in the financial statements 
are categorized within the fair value hierarchy. The 
fair value hierarchy is based on inputs to valuation 
techniques that are used to measure fair value that 
are either observable or unobservable and consists of 
the following three levels:
 Level 1 – inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in 
active markets for identical assets or liabilities
 Level 2 – inputs are other than quoted prices included 
within level 1 that are observable for the asset or 
liability either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. 
derived prices)
 Level 3 – inputs are not based on observable 
market data (unobservable inputs). Fair values are 
determined in whole or in part using a valuation 
model based on assumption that are neither 
supported by prices from observable current market 
transactions in the same instrument nor are they 
based on available market data.
3.5 Income Tax
 The income tax expense or credit for the period is 
the tax payable on the current period’s taxable 
income based on the applicable income tax rate, 
adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and 
liabilities attributable to temporary differences and 
to unused tax losses.
 3.5.1 Current Tax
  The current income tax charge is calculated on 
the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively 
enacted at the end of the reporting period. 
Management periodically evaluates positions 
taken in tax returns with respect to situations 
in which applicable tax regulation is subject to 
interpretation. It establishes provisions, wherever 
appropriate, on the basis of amounts expected 
to be paid to the tax authorities.
  Current tax is recognized in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss, except to the extent that it relates 
to items recognized in Other Comprehensive 
Income or directly in equity. In this case, the 
tax is also recognized in Other Comprehensive 
Income or directly in equity, respectively.
  Current tax for current and prior periods is 
recognized at the amount expected to be 
paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, 
using the tax rates and tax laws that have 
been enacted or substantively enacted by the 
balance sheet date.
  Current tax assets and current tax liabilities are 
offset, where company has a legally enforceable 
right to set off the recognized amounts and 
where it intends either to settle on a net basis, 
or to realize the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.
 3.5.2 Deferred Tax
  Deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except 
when it relates to items that are recognized 
in other comprehensive income or directly in 
equity, in which case, the deferred tax is also 
recognized in other comprehensive income or 
directly in equity, respectively.
  Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all 
taxable temporary differences, except to the 
extent that the deferred tax liability arises 
from initial recognition of goodwill; or initial 
recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction 
which is not a business combination and at the 
time of transaction, affects neither accounting 
profit nor taxable profit or loss.
  Deferred tax assets are recognized for all 
deductible temporary differences, carry forward 
of unused tax losses and carry forward of unused 
tax credits to the extent that it is probable that 
taxable profit will be available against which 
those temporary differences, losses and tax credit 
can be utilized, except when deferred tax asset 
on deductible temporary differences arise from 
the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a 
transaction that is not a business combination 
and at the time of the transaction, affects neither 
accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss.
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured 
at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the 
period when the asset is realized or the liability is 
settled, based on the tax rules and tax laws that 
have been enacted or substantively enacted by 
the end of the reporting period.
  Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are 
offset, where company has a legally enforceable 
right to set off the recognized amounts and 
where it intends either to settle on a net basis, 
or to realize the asset and settle the liability 
simultaneously.

===== PAGE 105 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
118
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
  Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each 
reporting date and are reduced to the extent 
that it is no longer probable that the related tax 
benefit will be realized.
3.6 Impairment
 3.6.1 Financial assets
  The Company recognizes loss allowances 
for expected credit losses on financial assets 
measured at amortized cost.
  At each reporting date, the Company assesses 
whether financial assets carried at amortized 
cost is credit impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit 
-impaired’ when one or more events that have 
a detrimental impact on the estimated future 
cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.
  Loss allowances for trade receivables are always 
measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected 
credit losses. The Company follows ‘simplified 
approach’ for recognition of impairment loss 
allowance on trade receivables. Under the 
simplified approach, the Company is not required 
to track changes in credit risk. Rather, it recognizes 
impairment loss allowance based on lifetime 
expected credit losses together with appropriate 
management estimates for credit loss at each 
reporting date, right from its initial recognition.
  The Company uses a provision matrix to 
determine impairment loss allowance on the 
group of trade receivables. The provision matrix 
is based on its historically observed default rates 
over the expected life of the trade receivable 
and is adjusted for forward looking estimates. 
At every reporting date, the historical observed 
default rates are updated and changes in the 
forward-looking estimates are analyzed.
 3.6.2 Financial assets – investment in subsidiary 
and associates
  The company assesses at each reporting date 
whether there is an indication that an asset may 
be impaired. Such indication include, though 
are not limited to, significant or sustained 
decline in revenues or earnings and material 
adverse changes in the economic environment.
  If any indication exists, the company estimates the 
asset’s recoverable amount based on value in use.
  To calculate value in use, the estimated future 
cash flows are discounted to their present value 
using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current 
market rates and the risk specific to the asset
  Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds 
its value in use amount, the asset is considered 
impaired and is written down to its recoverable 
amount. The impairment loss is recognized in 
statement of profit and loss.
 3.6.3 Non financial assets
  The company assesses at each reporting date 
whether there is an indication that an asset may 
be impaired. If any indication exists the company 
estimates the asset’s recoverable amount.
  An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher 
of an assets net selling price and its value in 
use. The recoverable amount is determined 
for an individual asset, unless the asset does 
not generate cash inflows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets or 
groups of assets.
  Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds 
its recoverable amount, the asset is considered 
impaired and is written down to its recoverable 
amount. The impairment loss is recognized in 
the statement of profit and loss.
  In assessing value in use, the estimated future 
cash flows are discounted to their present 
value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects 
current market assessments of the time value of 
money and the risks specific to the asset.
  In determining net selling price, recent market 
transactions are taken into account, if available. 
If no such transactions can be identified, an 
appropriate valuation model is used.
3.7 Borrowing Costs
 Borrowing cost includes interest and other costs 
that company has incurred in connection with the 
borrowing of funds.
 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the 
acquisition, construction or production of an asset 
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to 
get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalized 
as part of the cost of the respective asset.
 All other borrowing costs are charged to the 
Statement of Profit and Loss for the period for which 
they are incurred.
 Investment income earned on temporary investment 
of specific borrowing pending their expenditure on 
qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing 
costs eligible for capitalization.

===== PAGE 106 =====
119
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
3.8 Employee Benefits
 Short term employee benefits for salary and wages 
including accumulated leave that are expected to 
be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of 
the reporting period in which employees render the 
related service are recognized as an expense in the 
statement of profit and loss.
 The company measures the expected cost of 
absences as the additional amount that it expects 
to pay as a result of the unused entitlement that has 
accumulated at the reporting date. As per Company’s 
policy, no leave is expected to be carried forward 
beyond 12 months from the reporting date.
 Retirement benefit in the form of provident fund is 
a defined contribution scheme. The company has 
no obligation, other than the contribution payable 
to the provident fund. The company recognizes 
contribution payable to the provident fund scheme 
as an expenditure, when an employee renders the 
related service.
 The company operates one defined benefit plan 
for its employees, viz., gratuity plan. The costs of 
providing benefits under the plan are determined 
on the basis of actuarial valuation at each year-
end. Actuarial valuation is carried out using the 
projected unit credit method made at the end 
of each reporting date. Re-measurement of the 
net defined benefit liability (asset) comprise of 
actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset 
ceiling, excluding amounts included in net interest 
on the net defined benefit liability (asset) and the 
return on plan assets (excluding amounts included 
in net interest on the net defined benefit liability / 
(asset)). Re-measurement are recognized in other 
comprehensive income and will not be reclassified 
to profit or loss in a subsequent period.
3.9 Provisions
 A provision is recognized when the company has a 
present obligation as a result of past event and it is 
probable that an outflow of resources embodying 
economic benefits will be required to settle the 
obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of 
the amount of the obligation.
 If the effect of the time value of money is material, 
provisions are discounted using a current pre-tax rate 
that reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the liability. 
When discounting is used, the increase in the 
provision due to the passage of time is recognized as 
a finance cost.
 Provisions are not discounted to their present value 
and are determined based on the best estimate 
required to settle the obligation at the reporting date. 
These estimates are reviewed at each reporting date 
and adjusted to reflect the current best estimates.
3.10 Contingent Liability
 A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises 
from past events whose existence will be confirmed 
by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or 
more uncertain future events beyond the control 
of the company or a present obligation that is not 
recognized because it is not probable that an outflow 
of resources will be required to settle the obligation. A 
contingent liability also arises in extremely rare cases 
where there is a liability that cannot be recognized 
because it cannot be measured reliably. The company 
does not recognize a contingent liability but discloses 
its existence in the financial statements.
3.11 Contingent Asset
 A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from 
past events and whose existence will be confirmed 
only by occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more 
uncertain future events not wholly within the control 
of the company. Contingent assets are neither 
recognised nor disclosed in the financial statements.
3.12 Foreign Currency
 (a) Initial recognition
  Foreign currency transactions are recorded 
in the functional currency, by applying to the 
foreign currency amount the exchange rate 
between the functional currency and the foreign 
currency at the date of the transaction.
 (b) Conversion
  Foreign currency monetary items are 
retranslated using the exchange rate prevailing 
at the reporting date. Non-monetary items, 
which are measured in terms of historical 
cost denominated in a foreign currency, are 
reported using the exchange rate at the date of 
the transaction.
 (c) Exchange difference
  All exchange differences are recognized 
as income or as expenses in the year in 
which they arise.
3.13 Cash and cash equivalent
 Cash and cash equivalents for the purposes of cash 
flow statement comprise cash at bank (including 
demand deposits) and in hand and short-term, 

===== PAGE 107 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
120
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
highly liquid investments with original maturities of 
three months or less that are readily convertible to 
known amounts of cash and which are subject to an 
insignificant risk of changes in value.
3.14 Earnings per share
 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the 
net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number of 
equity shares outstanding during the year.
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per 
share, the net profit or loss for the year attributable 
to equity shareholders and the weighted average 
number of shares outstanding during the 
year are adjusted for the effects of all dilutive 
potential equity shares.
3.15 Inventories
 Items of inventory are valued at cost or net realizable 
value, whichever is lower. Cost for raw materials, traded 
goods and stores and spares is determined on FIFO 
basis. Cost includes all charges in bringing the goods 
to their present location and condition. Net realizable 
value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course 
of business less the estimated cost of completion and 
the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
3.16 Lease
 (i) As a lessee
  The Company assesses whether a contract, is, 
or contains a lease, at inception of a contract. 
A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset for a period of time in exchange 
for consideration. To assess whether a contract 
conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset, the Company assesses whether:
  - the contract involves the use of an 
identified asset;
  - the Company has substantially all of the 
economic benefits from use of the asset 
throughout the period of the lease and
  - the Company has the right to direct the 
use of the asset.
  Leases in which a significant portion of the risks 
and rewards of ownership are not transferred 
to the Company as lessee are classified as 
operating leases. Payments made under 
operating leases (net of any incentives received 
from the lessor) are charged to the Statement 
of Profit and Loss on a straight-line basis over 
the period of the lease unless the payments 
are structured to increase in line with expected 
general inflation to compensate for the lessor’s 
expected inflationary cost increases.
 (ii) As a lessor
  Lease income from operating leases where the 
Company is a lessor is recognised in income on 
a straight-line basis over the lease term unless 
the receipts are structured to increase in line 
with expected general inflation to compensate 
for the expected inflationary cost increases. The 
respective leased assets are included in the 
balance sheet based on their nature.
3.17 Segment Reporting
 An operating segment is component of the company 
that engages in the business activity from which the 
company earns revenues and incurs expenses, for 
which discrete financial information is available and 
whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the 
chief operating decision maker, in deciding about 
resources to be allocated to the segment and assess 
its performance. The company’s chief operating 
decision maker is the managing Director.
 Assets and liabilities that are directly attributable 
or allocable to segments are disclosed under each 
reportable segment. All other assets and liabilities 
are disclosed as un-allocable.
 Revenue and expenses directly attributable to 
segments are reported under each reportable 
segment. All other expenses which are not 
attributable or allocable to segments have been 
disclosed as un-allocable expenses.
 The company prepares its segment information in 
conformity with the accounting policies adopted for 
preparing and presenting the financial statements of 
the company as a whole.
3.18 Cash Flow Statement
 Cash flows are reported using indirect method 
whereby profit for the period is adjusted for the effects 
of the transactions of non-cash nature, any deferrals 
or accruals of past or future operating cash receipts 
and payments and items of income or expenses 
associated with investing and financing cash 
flows. The cash flows from operating, investing and 
financing activities of the Company are segregated.

===== PAGE 108 =====
121
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
3.19 Events after reporting date
 Where events occurring after the Balance Sheet date 
provide evidence of conditions that existed at the end 
of the reporting period, the impact of such events is 
adjusted within the financial statements. Otherwise, 
events after the Balance Sheet date of material size 
or nature are only disclosed.
4 Use of Estimates
 The preparation of the financial statements in 
conformity with Ind AS requires management to 
make estimates, judgments and assumptions.
 These estimates, judgments and assumptions 
affect the application of accounting policies and 
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the 
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at 
the date of the financial statements and reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the period.
 Accounting estimates could change from period 
to period. Actual results could differ from those 
estimates. Appropriate changes in estimates are 
made as management becomes aware of changes in 
circumstances surrounding the estimates. Changes 
in estimates are reflected in the financial statements 
in the period in which changes are made and, if 
material, their effects are disclosed in the notes to 
the financial statements.
 Application of accounting policies that require 
critical accounting estimates involving complex and 
subjective judgments and the use of assumptions in 
these financial statements are:
 Useful lives of Property, plant and equipment
	 Valuation of financial instruments
	 Provisions and contingencies
	 Income tax and deferred tax
	 Measurement of defined employee 
benefit obligations
	 Export Incentive
	 Provision for Loss Allowance using Expected 
Credit Loss Model in respect of Trade Receivables
4.1 Recent Accounting Pronouncements
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new 
standards or amendments to the existing standards 
under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules as issued from time to time. The Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs vide notification dated 9 
September 2024 and 28 September 2024 notified 
the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Second Amendment Rules, 2024 and Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Third Amendment 
Rules, 2024, respectively, which amended/notified 
certain accounting standards (see below), and are 
effective for annual reporting periods beginning on 
or after 1 April 2024:
	 Insurance contracts - Ind AS 117; and
	 Lease Liability in Sale and Leaseback - 
Amendments to Ind AS 116
 These amendments did not have any impact on the 
amounts recognised in current or prior period. Further, 
On May 9, 2025, MCA notifies the amendments to 
Ind AS 21 - Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange 
Rates. These amendments aim to provide clearer 
guidance on assessing currency exchangeability 
and estimating exchange rates when currencies 
are not readily exchangeable. The amendments are 
effective for annual periods beginning on or after 
April 1, 2025. The Company is currently assessing 
the probable impact of these amendments on its 
financial statements.

===== PAGE 109 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
122
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Note: 5 Property, Plant & Equipment
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
 As at  
31-03-2024 
Property Plant and Equipment
Gross Assets  2,353.93  1,057.93 
Less: Accumlated Depreciation  (491.24)  (320.71)
Sub Total  1,862.69  737.22 
Captial Work in Progress
Gross Assets  538.03  453.23 
Less: Accumlated Depreciation  -    -   
Sub Total  538.03  453.23 
Intagible assets
Gross Assets  -    -   
Less: Accumlated Depreciation  -    -   
Sub Total  -    -   
Total  2,400.72  1,190.45 

===== PAGE 110 =====
123
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
5.1 Tangible Assets
Sr. 
No. Particulars 
 Gross block  Accumulated depreciation   Net block 
as at 
 01-04-2024 Additions Deduction as at  
31-03-2025 
as at 
 01-04-2024 
 Depreciation 
During the 
year 
 
Deduction 
as at  
31-03-2025
as at  
31-03-2025 
as on  
31-03-2024
5.1 Tangible Assets 
Land  13.60  -  -  13.60  -  -  -  -  13.60  13.60 
Factory and Office Building  47.86  2.87  -  50.73  25.38  1.56  -  26.94  23.79  22.47 
Plant & Machinery  957.66  1,290.93  -  2,248.59  269.15  166.29  -  435.44  1,813.15  688.53 
Furniture & Fixture  8.29  0.97  -  9.26  6.38  0.46  -  6.84  2.42  1.91 
Electrical Equipment  6.94  -  -  6.94  5.44  0.20  -  5.64  1.30  1.50 
Office Equipment  4.29  0.21  -  4.49  2.57  0.50  -  3.07  1.42  1.70 
Computer  5.85  0.77  -  6.62  5.66  0.23  -  5.89  0.73  0.19 
Vehicles (Motor Car)  13.00  0.64  0.38  13.26  5.75  1.66  0.37  7.04  6.22  7.25 
Vehicles (Scooter & Bike)  0.44  -  -  0.44  0.37  0.01  -  0.38  0.06  0.07 
TOTAL (A)  1,057.92  1,296.39  0.38  2,353.93  320.72  170.91  0.37  491.24  1,862.69  737.22 
5.2 Intangible Assets 
 TOTAL (B)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - 
5.3 Capital Work In Progress  453.23  1,376.74  1,291.94  538.03  -  -  -  -  538.03  453.23 
TOTAL (C)  453.23  1,376.74  1,291.94  538.03  -  -  -  -  538.03  453.23 
TOTAL (A + B + C)  1,511.14  2,673.13  1,292.32  2,891.96  320.72  170.91  0.37  491.24  2,400.72  1,190.45 
Previous Year  852.35  748.10  89.30  1,511.14  263.74  58.24  1.26  320.72  1,190.45  588.61 
Notes:
1. There is no investment in property hence details releted to valuation of the same are not disclosed
2. In addtion of plant and Machinery Rs. 1290.93 Million  out of this Rs 395.54 million Research and Development

===== PAGE 111 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
124
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Note: 5.2 - Capital work-in-progress
PARTICULARS 
 Gross block  Accumulated depreciation   Net block 
Balance  
as at  
1 April, 2024 
 Additions 
during 
the year 
 Transfer 
Balance  
as at  
31 March 2025
 Balance 
 as at 
 1 April -2024 
 Depreciation 
for the year  Transfer 
Balance  
as at  
31 March 2025 
As at  
31-03-2025
Balance  
as at  
31 March 2024 
CWIP  453.23  1,376.74  1,291.94  538.03  -    -    -    -    538.03  453.23 
Total  453.23  1,376.74  1,291.94  538.03  -    -    -    -    538.03  453.23 
PARTICULARS 
 Gross block  Accumulated depreciation  
Balance  
as at  
1 April, 2023 
 Additions 
during 
the year 
Transfer 
Balance  
as at  
31 March 2024 
 Balance 
as at 
 1 April -2023 
Depreciation 
for the year 
 Eliminated 
on disposal 
of assets 
Balance  
as at  
31 March 2024
Balance  
as at  
31 March 2024
Balance  
as at  
31 March, 2023 
CWIP  88.04  453.23  88.04  453.23  -    -    -    -    453.23  88.04 
Total  88.04  453.23  88.04  453.23  -    -    -    -    453.23  88.04 
5.2.1 Capital Work-in-progress (CWIP)
Particulars
  Amount in CWIP for a period of  
 Less than 
 1 year   1-2 years   2-3 years   More than 3 
years  Total 
As at 31-03-2025 
Projects in progress    538.03  538.03 
As at 31 March 2024 
Projects in progress    453.23  -    -    -    453.23 
Projects temporarily suspended

===== PAGE 112 =====
125
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Note: 7 - Other Financial Assets
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
(Unsecured, Considered Good)
Trade receivables exceeding six months from Due Date  0.26  4.66 
Trade Receivables considered good  655.92  442.99 
Refer note no 48 and note No 10.1  for aging 
Total  656.18  447.65 
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Raw materials  304.68  258.27 
Work-in-progress  2,246.82  1,905.54 
Finished goods (Inclues Rs 20.28 Millions lying at port) (PY Rs 7.99 Millions )  308.41  226.45 
Stores & Spares  67.29  57.33 
Packing Material  1.26  1.70 
Total  2,928.46  2,449.29 
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Unsecured, Considered Good
Advance for Capital Expenditure  51.15  7.07 
Balance with Government Authorities0  20.72  15.81 
Total  71.87  22.88 
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Unsecured, Considered Good
Security Deposits  26.65  24.87 
Deposits with the Financial Institutions having maturity more than 12 months 
and given as Security Deposit
 7.67  10.17 
Total  34.32  35.04 
Note: 8 - Other Non-Current Assets
Note: 9 - Inventories
THE INVENTORIES ARE HYPOTHICATED AS A SECUIRTY AS DISCLOSED IN NOTE 19.1
Note: 10 - Trade receivables

===== PAGE 113 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
126
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Particulars Not 
Due 
Less than 
 6 Months
6 months 
 – 1 year
1-2 
years
 2-3 
years 
 More than 
3 years  Total 
As at 31 Mar. 2025 
Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
considered good 
 498.77  157.15  0.26  -    -    -    656.18 
Undisputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Undisputed Trade receivable – credit 
impaired 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade receivables - considered 
good 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit risk  
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade receivables – credit 
impaired 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total 498.77  157.15  0.26  -    -    -    656.18 
As at 31 Mar. 2024 
Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
considered good 
 297.52  145.48  1.20  3.46  -    -    447.65 
Undisputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Undisputed Trade receivable – credit 
impaired 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade receivables - considered 
good 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit risk  
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed Trade receivables – credit 
impaired 
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total  297.52  145.48  1.20  3.46  -    -    447.65 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Cash on hand*  3.36  1.57 
Balances with banks
- In Current Account  422.22  33.37 
- in Margin money Account 
Total  425.58  34.94 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Bank Balance in Fixed Deposit Account aginst Bank Guarantee and Margin 
Money 
 233.02  560.48 
Total  233.02  560.48 
Note: 11 - Cash and cash equivalents
*Include Cash in Foreign Currencies.
Note: 12 - Bank Balance other than above
10.1 Ageing of Trade Receivables

===== PAGE 114 =====
127
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
(Unsecured, Considered Good)
Advance Recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received  3.79  0.60 
Derivative Assets  -    -   
Total  3.79  0.60 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Unsecured, Considered Good
Advance Recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received0  3.80  2.24 
Export Incentive Receivable  166.77  142.04 
Prepaid expenses  11.52  28.19 
Adavance to Suppliers  526.60  247.09 
Total  708.68  419.55 
Note: 13 - Other Financial Assets
Note: 14 - Other current assets
Note: 15 - Equity Share capital
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Equity Share Capital
Opening balance  484.99  346.99 
Add: During the year  45.50  138.00 
Sub Total  530.49  484.99 
Preference Share Capital
Opening balance  -    -   
Add: During the year  -    -   
Sub Total  -    -   
Share Forfeiture account
Opening balance  1.95  1.95 
Add: During the year  -    -   
Sub Total  1.95  1.95 
Total  532.44  486.94 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars  As at March 2025  As at March 2024 
 No. of shares  Amount  No. of shares  Amount 
Authorised
Equity shares of 10 each  62.00  620.00  50.00  500.00 
Preference shares of 10 each  3.00  30.00  3.00  30.00 
Issued
Equity shares of 10 each  34.70  346.99  34.70  346.99 
Equity shares of 10 each #  13.80  138.00  13.80  138.00 
Equity shares of 10 each *  4.55  45.50 
Subscribed and Paid Up
Equity shares of 10 each  53.05  530.49  48.50  484.99 
Add : Forfeited shares  0.20  1.95  0.20  1.95 
[#] The Company has completed its Initial Public Offer (IPO) of 1,68,40,000 equity shares of face value of Rs. 10 each at an issue price of Rs. 98 
aggregating up to Rs 1650.32 Million comprising through fresh issue of 1,38,00,000 equity shares aggregating up toRs.1352.40 Million and Offer 
for Sale for 30,40,000 equity shares aggregating up to Rs. 297.92 Million. The Offer was made pursuant to Regulation 6(1) of SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
The equity shares of the Company were listed on National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Limited on September 11, 2023
[*] The Company has completed its Prefrenctial Allotment of 45,50,349 equity shares of face value of Rs. 10 each at an issue price of Rs. 134/-  
comprising through fresh issue of 45,50,349 equity shares aggregating up to Rs.4.55 Million.

===== PAGE 115 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
128
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Securities premium 
Opening balance  1,185.01  172.79 
Addition / (Utilization) during the Year (net of IPO expenses)  605.20  1,012.22 
Sub Total  1,790.21  1,185.01 
Other Comprehensive Income
Opening balance  1.01  1.07 
Add: Profit for the year  (3.30)  (0.06)
Sub Total  (2.29)  1.01 
Note: 16 - Other Equity
Particulars As at 
 March 31,2024
Change during 
the year
% of Total 
Shares in 24
Vijay R Sanghvi  25.97  (3.04) 53.55%
Seema V Sanghvi  0.94  -   1.94%
Total  26.91  (3.04) 55.49%
Particulars As at 
 March 31,2025
Change during 
the year
% of Total 
Shares in 25
Vijay R Sanghvi  25.97  -   48.95%
Seema V Sanghvi  0.94  -   1.77%
Total  26.91  -   50.73%
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars
 As at March 2025  As at March 2024 
No. of shares
 % Holding in 
that class of 
shares 
No. of shares
 % Holding in 
that class of 
shares 
Vijay R Sanghvi  25.97 50.73%  25.97 53.55%
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars  As at March 2025  As at March 2024 
 No. of shares  Amount  No. of shares  Amount 
Outstanding at the beginning of  48.49  484.99  34.69  346.99 
the Year
Share Forfeiture account  0.20  1.95  0.20  1.95 
Addition  during the year  4.55  45.50  13.80  138.00 
Outstanding at the end of the year  53.24  532.44  48.69  486.94 
15.1 Reconciliation of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the year
15.2 Rights, Preferences and Restrictions attached to equity shares
 The Company has one class of shares having par value of Rs 10 per share. Each shareholder is eligible for one vote 
per share held. The final dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders 
in the ensuing Annual General Meeting. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the 
remaining assets of the Company after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
15.3 Shares held by promoters (Promotor as defined in the Companies Act, 2013)
15.4 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% shares in the Company

===== PAGE 116 =====
129
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Nature and purpose of Other Equity- Security Premium
The amount received in excess of face value of the equity shares, in relation to issuance of equity, is recognised in 
Securities Premium Reserve and can be utilised in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Retained earnings
Retained earnings are the profits that the Company has earned till date. This reserve can be utilised in accordance with 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
Note: 17 - Borrowings
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Retain Earning
Opening balance  848.18  537.74 
Add: Profit for the year  468.17  310.44 
Less:Bonus Share Alloted on 12.01.2023  -    -   
Sub Total  1,316.35  848.18 
Share Warrant  -   
Opening balance  -    -   
Addition during the year  72.50  -   
Sub Total  72.50  -   
Total  3,176.77  2,034.20 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Preference Share (secured)
9% Non-cumulative Redeemable preference shares  10.53  10.53 
Refer Note No: 17.1
Sub Total  10.53  10.53 
Term loans (Secured)-With Bank
 UCO Bank  9.70  14.96 
 Bandhan Bank  313.15  53.63 
 Yes Bank  0.40  0.60 
 HDFC Bank  4.05  5.25 
With Financial Institutions       
Sub Total  327.30  74.44 
Other loans and advances (Unsecured)
From Directors & Shareholders  226.32  254.41 
Sub Total  226.32  254.41 
Total  564.16  339.39 
Refer note no 52 and 53 for utilized of borrowed fund Refer Note No 17.2 For Secuirty & Rate of Interest
17.1 Preferecial Shares
 Preference Share alloted shall be for tenure up to 20 years from date of allotment and company has right to 
redeem said share before expairy of 20 years its own or request from share holders
17.2 Nature of security, Rate of Interest and Terms of Repayment
 UCO BANK :Term Loan secured against second charge with existing credit facility and personal gaurantee of 
Shri Vijay Sanghvi. Repayment Schedule for 1st Term Loan 24 monthly installments of Rs 2100000 including 6 
month moratorium period (commencing from 30.11.2020) and 2st Term Loan 72 monthly installments Rs 452084 
including 24 month moratorium period. ( commencing from 31-03-2024)@8.95% p.a

===== PAGE 117 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
130
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Deferred Tax Liabilities 
Opening balance  58.51  47.84 
Add: During the year  75.70  10.67 
Closing Balance  134.21  58.51 
Deferred Tax Assets
Opening balance  (1.44)  (0.78)
Add: During the year  (0.66)
Closing Balance  (1.44)  (1.44)
Total  132.77  57.07 
 BANDHAN BANK : Term Loan secured against second charge with existing credit facility and personal gaurantee 
of Shri Vijay Sanghvi. Repayment Schedule for 1st Term Loan 60 monthly installments of Rs 618750 including 12 
month moratorium period (commencing from 31.10.2022) @9.25% p.a and 2st Term Loan 60 monthly installments 
Rs 589600 including 12 month moratorium period. ( commencing from 31-10-2022)
 YES BANK Ltd: Secured against hypothecation of FORK LIFT to be purchased under the agreement and also 
secured by way of Personal Gaurantee of the Directors of the company Shri Vijay R Sanghvi . Repayment Schedule 
:84 Monthly installments of Rs19950/- (including interest ) commencing from 20.02.2023) @9.50%
 HDFC BANK LTD: Secured against hypothecation of Motor Car to be purchased under the agreement and also 
secured by way of Personal Gaurantee of the Directors of the company Shri Vijay R Sanghvi . Repayment Schedule 
:60 Monthly installments of Rs22834/- (including interest ) @9% commencing from 07.06.2023)
 HDFC BANK LTD: Secured against hypothecation of Motor Car to be purchased under the agreement and also 
secured by way of Personal Gaurantee of the Directors of the company Shri Vijay R Sanghvi . Repayment Schedule 
:60 Monthly installments of Rs. 62,083/- (including interest ) @8.50% commencing from 07.01.2024)
 HDFC BANK LTD: Secured against hypothecation of Motor Car to be purchased under the agreement and also 
secured by way of Personal Gaurantee of the Directors of the company Shri Vijay R Sanghvi . Repayment Schedule 
:60 Monthly installments of Rs. 24261/- (including interest ) @9.10% commencing from 05.05.2024)
 HDFC BANK LTD: Secured against  hypothecation of Motor Car to be purchased under the agreement  and also 
secured by way of Personal Gaurantee of the Directors of the company Shri Vijay R Sanghvi . Repayment Schedule 
:84 Monthly installments of Rs24781/- (including interest ) @9% commencing from 07.10.2022)
 YES BANK LTD: Secured against  hypothecation of FORK LIFT to be purchased under the agreement  and also 
secured by way of Personal Gaurantee of the Directors of the company Shri Vijay R Sanghvi . Repayment Schedule 
:84 Monthly installments of Rs19950/- (including interest ) commencing from 20.02.2023) @9.50%
 BANDHAN BANK : Term Loan  for proposed brownfield project for enhancing the capacity levels for existing 
product as project expansion loan secured against  hypothecation charges on movable properties and asstes 
including plant and machinery , machinery speares , furnitures , fixures, Vehicles and all other movable asstes 
relating to proposed expansion projcet. Repayment Schedule for 1st Term Loan 84 monthly installments of Rs 
3928571 (commencing from 01.05.2025)
Note: 18 - Deferred tax liabilities (net)

===== PAGE 118 =====
131
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Particulars As at 
 April 1, 2024
 Credit/
(charge) in the 
Statement of 
Profit and Loss 
 Credit/(charge) 
in Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
As at 
 March 31, 2025
Deferred tax (Assets) / liabilities
Property, Plant and Equipment  57.04  75.70  132.74 
Financial instruments  1.29  1.29 
Employee Benefit  -1.26  -1.26 
Total  57.07  75.70  -    132.77 
Particulars As at 
 April 1, 2023
 Credit/
(charge) in the 
Statement of 
Profit and Loss 
 Credit/(charge) 
in Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
As at 
 March 31, 2024
Deferred tax (Assets) / liabilities
Property, Plant and Equipment  46.81  10.23  57.04 
Financial instruments  1.02  0.27  1.29 
Employee Benefit  (0.78)  (0.46)  (0.02)  (1.26)
Total  47.05  10.04  -0.02  57.07 
18.1 Movement in deferred tax assets and  liabilities
 For the year ended on March 31, 2025
 For the year ended on March 31, 2024
18.2 Reconciliation of the tax expense (i.e., current tax and deferred tax) amount considering the enacted 
Income tax rate and effective Income tax rate of the Company is as follows:
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Profit before tax for the year  606.56  390.91 
Tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Expected Income Tax Expense  152.66  98.38 
Adjustments
Non-deductible expenses for tax purposes  -    14.74 
Tax pertaining to prior years  5.63  1.35 
Tax effect on account of timing difference  75.70  10.00 
Others (Net)  (95.61)  (44.04)
Total Income Tax expense  138.38  80.43 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Secured
Current maturities of long-term debt
 Yes Bank  0.19  0.18 
 UCO Bank  5.17  4.69 
 Bandhan Bank  69.48  27.03 
 Edelweiss Capital Ltd  -    0.65 
 HDFC Bank  1.20  1.09 
From banks: Working Capital  800.52  561.48 
Unsecured
From Banks
 Buyer's Credit  130.98  422.48 
LC Payables  379.47  715.41 
Total  1,387.01  1,733.01 
Note: 19-Borrowings 

===== PAGE 119 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
132
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
a) The Principal amount and Interest due there on remaining unpaid as 
at year end: Principal
 20.71  80.18 
b) Interest paid by the company in terms of section 16 of Micro, Small 
and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 along with the 
amount of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed 
day during the year.
 -  - 
c) Interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment 
(which have been paid but beyond the appointed day during the 
year) but without adding the interest specified under Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006
 -  - 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars  Not Due 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
 Total  Less than 1 
year 1-2 years  2-3 years   2-3 years   More than 
3 years  
As at 31 Mar. 2025 
MSME  -    20.71  -    -    -    -    20.71 
Others  743.59  441.99  0.38  0.07  -    1,186.03 
Disputed dues – MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed dues - Others  -   
Total  743.59  462.70  0.38  0.07  -    -    1,206.74 
As at 31 Mar. 2024 
MSME  79.95  0.03  0.20  -    -    -    80.18 
Others  241.74  112.90  4.73  -    -    359.37 
Disputed dues – MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
Disputed dues - Others  -   
Total  321.69  112.93  4.93  -    -    -    439.55 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Total Outstanding dues of Micro and Small Enterprise  20.71  80.18 
Total Outstanding dues of creditors other than Micro and small Enterprise  1,186.03  359.37 
(Refer Note No 48 and 20.1 for aging)
Total  1,206.74  439.55 
Note  No: 19.1 Refer note no 52 and 53 for utilized of borrowed fund
 Working Capital: Secured against the Hypo. Of Company’s Stock & Raw material, Work-in-progress and finished 
goods & Book debts,and further Secured against Second charge over Company’s Land, Building and other 
immovable assets located at E-77,120 GIDC-Savli (Manjusar), Dist Baroda and First charge over Company’s Stock & 
Raw material, Work-in-progress and finished goods & Book debts. Also, secured against first charge of residential 
property of Director Shri Vijay Sanghvi located at 20,21 Vijay Society-I, New Khanderao Road, Vadodara.& also 
Secured by way of Hypothecation of Key man Insurance of Shri Vijay Sanghvi & also Personal Guarantee of  Shri 
Vijay Sanghvi )
Note: 20 - Trade payables
20.1 Ageing of Trade Payable
20.2 Trade Payables - Total outstanding dues of Micro & Small Enterprises

===== PAGE 120 =====
133
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Non-current
Provision for Gratuity  4.85  0.99 
Total-Non-Current  4.85  0.99 
Current
Provision for Employee Benefits  6.63  7.51 
Provision for Expenses  7.06  3.71 
Provision for Gratuity  1.84  1.61 
Total-Current  15.53  12.83 
Total  20.38  13.83 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Provision for tax (net of advance tax & TDS)  10.26  5.76 
Total  10.26  5.76 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Statutory liabilities  4.76  7.93 
Creditors for Capital Good  310.40  -   
Advance from customers  116.93  43.21 
Total  432.09  51.14 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
d) Interest accrued and remain unpaid as at year end  -  - 
e) Further Interest remaining due and payable even in the succeeding 
year until such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid 
to the small enterprises
 -  - 
 *Disclosure of payable to vendors as defined under the “Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Development Act, 2006” is based on the 
information available with the Company regarding the status of registration of such vendors under the said Act, as per the intimation 
received from them on requests made by the Company. There are no overdue principal amounts / interest payable amounts for delayed 
payments to such vendors at the Balance Sheet date. There are no delays in payment made to such suppliers during the year or for any 
earlier years and accordingly there is no interest paid or outstanding interest in this regard in respect of payment made during the year or 
on balance brought forward from previous year.
Note: 21 - Other Current Liabilities 
Note: 22 - Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
Note: 23 - Long-term provisions

===== PAGE 121 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
134
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
(A) Sale of products
 Domestic  8,419.06  5,504.08 
 Export  499.12  449.42 
Sub total - A  8,918.18  5,953.50 
(B) Other Operating Income
 Income from Job Work   0.60  0.29 
Sub total - B  0.60  0.29 
Total (A+B)  8,918.78  5,953.79 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Interest Income    23.06  25.16 
Commsion Income  -    30.20 
Net gain on account of foreign exhange fluntuation  16.10  12.40 
Debit/credit Balance Written Off / Written Back A/c0  -    0.68 
Profit on Sale of Car  0.10  0.19 
Other Income  1.06  1.58 
Total  40.32  70.21 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Contract assets
Trade Receivables  656.18  447.65 
Contract liabilities
Advances from customers  116.93  43.21 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Geographical Disaggregation: 
Revenues within India  8,419.06  5,504.08 
Revenues outside India  499.12  449.42 
Total Revenue from Operations  8,918.18  5,953.50 
Timing of revenue recognition  8,918.78  5,953.79 
Total Revenue from Operations  8,918.78  5,953.79 
Note: 24 - Revenue from operations
24.1 Sale of products comprises Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts with Customers:
 Contract balances:
 Receivables, contracts assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers:
Note: 25 - Other income

===== PAGE 122 =====
135
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Salaries and wages  97.14  62.94 
Contribution to Provident and Other  Funds  2.45  2.19 
Gratuity  1.04  1.18 
Leave Encashment  0.61  0.37 
Staff Welfare Expenses  1.50  1.46 
Total  102.74  68.14 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Inventories at the end of the year:
Finished goods  308.41  226.45 
Work-in-progress  2,246.82  1,905.54 
Sub Total (A)  2,555.23  2,131.99 
Inventories at the beginning of the year:
Finished goods  226.45  188.36 
Work-in-progress  1,905.54  1,398.34 
Sub Total (B)  2,131.99  1,586.70 
Net increase / (decrease) (B-A)  (423.24)  (545.29)
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Opening stock  258.27  418.59 
Add: Purchases  8,014.94  5,507.03 
 8,273.21  5,925.62 
Less: Closing stock  (304.68)  (258.27)
Total  7,968.53  5,667.35 
Note: 26 - Cost of materials consumed 
Note: 27 - Changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade
Note: 28 - Employee benefits expenses
Note: 29 - Finance costs
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Interest expense on:
 Term Loan  36.22  15.70 
 Working Capital  25.09  54.09 
 Unsecured Loan  -    15.81 
 Secured Loan  0.02  0.29 
Interest Expense       
 Bank and Other Borrowings  61.33  85.89 
 Others  38.39  11.90 
Interest on Bill Discounting  34.68  7.00 
Interest Others  3.71  4.90 
Unwinding of Interest on Financial Liabilities carried at Amortized Cost  -    -   
Other Financial Charges  27.06  23.08 
Total  126.78  120.87 

===== PAGE 123 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
136
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Manufacturing and other Expense
Stores  & Spares Consumed
Op. Stock  57.33  39.47 
Add : Purchase Store  73.06  67.01 
 130.39  106.48 
Less : Cl. Stock  (67.29)  (57.33)
Sub-Total  63.10  49.15 
Packing Material Consumed
Op. Stock  1.70  13.50 
Add :- Purchase Packing  34.35  9.27 
 36.05  22.77 
Less : Cl. Stock  (1.26)  (1.70)
Sub-Total  34.79  21.07 
Repairs and maintenance - Machinery  4.41  4.79 
Repairs and maintenance - Building  0.56  0.35 
Repairs and maintenance - Others  3.14  0.91 
Electicity expenses  70.02  43.21 
Labour charges  96.70  57.16 
Sub-Total  174.83  106.42 
Rent, Rates and Tax  30.54  19.12 
Printing & Stationery  1.07  0.77 
Selling & Distribution Expenses  46.36  28.28 
Debit/credit Balance Written Off / Written Back A/c  3.21    
Factory Expenses  6.58  3.37 
Insurance Expense  1.48  2.34 
Travelling, Conveyance and Vehicle Expenses  8.24  5.75 
Postage & Telephone expenses  0.76  0.66 
Legal & Professional expenses  24.78  18.82 
General Expenses  2.42  2.08 
Net loss on account of foreign exhange fluntuation  -    -   
Donation Expenses  0.01  0.35 
Corporate Event Exp  -    1.09 
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Expenses  7.45  3.70 
Sub-Total  132.90  86.33 
Payments to the auditors comprises
(net of service tax input credit, where applicable):
As auditors - statutory audit/Tax Audit fees  1.22  0.79 
- Taxation Matters  -    -   
- Management Services  -    -   
- Company Law Matters  -    -   
- Certification fees & Other Services  -    -   
- Reimbersement of Expenses  -    -   
Sub-Total  1.22  0.79 
Total  406.84  263.76 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Depreciation on property, plant and equipment  170.92  58.24 
Amortisation on Intangible Assets  -    -   
Total  170.92  58.24 
Note: 30 - Depreciation  expenses
Note: 31 - Other expenses

===== PAGE 124 =====
137
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Basic & Diluted EPS
Computation of Profit (Numerator)
(i) Profit after tax  468.15  310.50 
(ii) Add:
(iii) Profit for the year for diluted EPS  468.15  310.50 
Weighted Average Number of Shares (Denominator)
Weighted average number of Equity shares used for calculation of basic 
earnings per share
 50.29  40.82 
Add: 
Weighted average number of Shares for computing Diluted Earnings Per Share  50.29  40.82 
Earnings Per Share (Rs. per Equity Share of Rs. 10/- each)
Basic  9.31  7.61 
Diluted  9.31  7.61 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Current tax expense for current year  57.05  47.80 
Short / (Excess) Provision for income tax  5.63  22.63 
Deferred tax  75.70  10.00 
Total  138.38  80.43 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars For Year ended  
31-March-2025
For Year ended  
31-March-2024
Re-measurement of defined benefit plans / Obligations  (3.32)  (0.08)
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or Loss  0.02  0.02 
Total  (3.30)  (0.06)
Note: 32 - Tax expense:
Note: 33 - A (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
Note: 34 - Earnings per share for continued operation
35. Contingent Liabilities
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Disputed claims (excluding interest, if any)
inrespect of 
Income Tax  41.40  100.02 
Sales Tax  14.85  26.50 
Cestat  82.49  17.05 
Civil  1.28  1.28 
Capital Commitments
Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account 
and not provided for (net of capital advances)
 23.31  387.07 
Total  163.33  531.92 
(i) It is not practical for the company to estimate the timing of cash outflows, if any, in respect of the above pending 
resolution of the respective proceedings as it is determinable only on receipt of judgments/decisions pending with 
various forums/authorities.

===== PAGE 125 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
138
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(ii) The Company has reviewed all its pending litigations and proceedings and has adequately provided for where 
provisions are required and disclosed as contingent liabilities applicable, in its financial statements. The company 
does not expect the outcomes of these proceedings to have materially adverse affect on its financial results.
36. Capital Management
The Company’s capital management is intended to create value for shareholders by facilitating the achievement of long-
term and short-term goals of the Company.
The Company determines the amount of capital required on the basis of annual business plan coupled with long-term 
and short-term strategic investment and expansion plans. The funding needs are met through equity, cash generated 
from operations, long-term and short-term bank borrowings.
The Company monitors the capital structure on the basis of net debt to equity ratio and maturity profile of the overall 
debt portfolio of the Company.
Net debt includes interest bearing borrowings including lease obligations less cash and cash equivalents, 
other bank balances.
The table below summarises the capital, net debt and net debt to equity ratio of the Company.”
Particulars Remarks
Benefit offered 15 / 26 × Salary × Past Service Years 
Salary definition Last drawn qualifying salary 
Benefit ceiling Benefit ceiling of Rs. 20,00,000 was applied 
Vesting conditions 5 Years of service  No vesting condition apply in case of Death and disability 
Retirement age 58 years 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Mar.-25 Mar.-24
Contribution to Provident Funds  2.45  2.19 
Contribution to ESIC  0.29  0.26 
Contribution to Labour welfare fund  0.01  -   
Total  2.75  2.45 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Equity Share Capital  532.44  486.94 
Other Equity  3,176.77  2,034.20 
Total Equity  3,709.21  2,521.14 
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings  1,951.17  2,072.40 
Less: cash and cash equivalent  425.58  34.94 
Less: Other bank Balances  233.02  560.48 
Net Debt  1,292.57  1,476.98 
Gearing Ratio  0.35  0.59 
37. Employee Benefits
37.1 Defined Contribution Plans
 Details of amount recognized as expenses during the year for the defined contribution plans.
37.2 Defined Benefit Plan - Gratuity
 Information about the characteristics of defined benefit plan 
 The benefit is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972. The Key features are as under:

===== PAGE 126 =====
139
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars  2024-25  2023-24 
Defined benefit obligations as at beginning of the year  2.60  3.11 
Current service cost  0.78  0.75 
Interest cost  0.19  0.23 
Expense recognized in OCI  3.32  0.08 
Actuarial Loss/(Gain) due to change in financial assumptions  -    -   
Actuarial Loss/(Gain) due to change in demographic assumptions  -    -   
ActuarialLoss/(Gain)due toexperience adjustment for plan liabilities  -    -   
Benefits Paid  -0.20  -1.58 
Defined benefit obligations as at end of the year 6.69 2.59 
37.3 The company is responsible for the governance of the plan.
37.4 Risk to the Plan
 Gratuity is a defined benefit plan and entity is exposed to the Following Risks:
 A Interest rate risk:
  A fall in the discount rate which is linked to the G.Sec. Rate will increase the present value of the liability 
requiring higher provision. A fall in the discount rate generally increases the mark to market value of the assets 
depending on the duration of asset.
 B Salary Risk:
  The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of member. 
As such,an increase in the salary of the members more than assumed level will increase the plan's liability.
 C Investment Risk:
  The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate which is determined 
by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bonds. If the return on plan 
asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently, for the plan in India, it has a relatively balanced 
mix of investments in government securities, and other debt instruments.
 D Asset Liability Matching Risk:
  Asset Liability Matching Risk: The plan faces the ALM risk as to the matching cash flow. Since the plan is 
invested in lines of Rule 101 of Income Tax Rules, 1962, this generally reduces ALM risk.
 E Mortality risk:
  Since the benefits under the plan is not payable for life time and payable till retirement age only, plan does 
not have any longevity  risk.
 F Concentration Risk:
  Plan is having a concentration risk as all the assets are invested with the insurance company
37.5 Reconciliation of defined benefit obligations
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars  2024-25  2023-24 
Plan Asset as at beginning of the year  9.93  8.18 
Interest Income  0.72  0.61 
Return on plan assets excluding interest income  (0.09)  (0.08)
Contributions by employer  0.20  1.58 
Benefits paid  (0.97)  (0.36)
Plan Asset as at end of the year  9.79  9.93 
37.6 Reconciliation of Plan Assets

===== PAGE 127 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
140
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Change in 
Assumptions Increase in Rate Decrease in Rate
%  2024-2025  2023-2024  2024-2025  2023-2024 
Discount Rate +/- 1.00% (1.36) (1.05) 1.55 1.20 
Salary Growth Rate +/- 1.00% 1.54 1.20 (1.38) (1.07)
Rate of Employee Turnover +/- 1.00% 0.07 0.10 (0.08) (0.11)
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Mar. 31,2025 Mar. 31,2024
Expected Return on Plan Assets 6.78% 7.23%
Discount Rate 6.78% 7.23%
Salary Growth Rate 6.00% 6.00%
Rate of Employee Turnover 2.00% 2.00%
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Mar. 31,2025 Mar. 31,2024
Current service cost 0.95  0.75 
Net Interest cost 0.19  0.23 
Employer's Contribution  (0.20)  (1.58)
Provision of Gratuity Expenses 0.10  1.78 
Net amount recognized Statement of Profit and Loss 1.04 1.18 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Mar. 31,2025 Mar. 31,2024
Actuarial (Gains)/Losses on Obligation For the Period  3.23  - 
Return on plan assets excluding interest income  0.09  0.08 
Amounts recognized in Other Comprehensive Income 3.32 0.08 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at 
31-03-2025 31-03-2024
Present Value of Benefit Obligation at the end of the Period  (16.47)  (12.53)
Fair Value of Plan Assets at the end of the Period   9.78  9.93 
Funded Status / (Deficit) (6.69) (2.60)
37.7 Funded Status
37.8 Net amount Charged to Statement of Profit and Loss for the period
37.9 Net amount Recognized to Other Comprehensive Income for the period
37.10 Actuarial Assumptions
37.11 Sensitivity Analysis for Key Assumption on Defined Benefit Obligation on 31.03.2025

===== PAGE 128 =====
141
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
37.12 Maturity Profile of the Defined Benefit Obligation
 Projected Benefits Payable in Future Years From the Date of Reporting
(Rs. in Million)
 For the Year ended on Mar. 31, 2024  As at March 2025  As at March 2024 
Amount % Amount %
1st Following Year 0.67 2.06% 0.8 3.00%
2nd Following Year 0.43 1.32% 0.53 1.99%
3rd Following Year 0.60 1.84% 0.34 1.28%
4th Following Year 0.96 2.95% 0.36 1.35%
5th Following Year 1.10 3.38% 0.79 2.96%
Sum of Years 6 To 10 9.36 28.73% 6.2 23.26%
Sum of Years 11 and above 19.46 59.73% 17.63 66.15%
TOTAL 32.58 100.00% 26.65 100.00%
38. Financial Risk Management
The company's activities expose it to variety of financial risks : market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.  The company's 
focus is to foresee the unpredictability of financial markets and seek to minimize potential adverse effects on its financial 
performance. The Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company's risk 
management framework. The Board of Directors has established a risk management policy to identify and analyze the 
risks faced by the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls, and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk 
management systems are reviewed periodically to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities. 
The Board of Directors oversee compliance with the Company’s risk management policies and procedures, and reviews 
the risk management framework.
A Market Risk
 Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market prices. Market risk comprises interest rate risk and currency risk.
 i Interest Rate Risk
  Interest rate risk is the risk that fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of 
changes in market interest rates. The Interest risk arises to the Company mainly from borrowings with variable 
rates. The Company measures risk through sensitivity analysis. The banks are now finance at variable rate only, 
which is the inherent business risk.
  The Company’s exposure to interest rate risk is as follows :
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Impact on Profit and Loss after Tax
Mar. 31, 2025 Mar. 31, 2024
Interest Rate increase by 0.50  basis point  2.07  2.51 
Interest Rate decrease by 0.50 basis point  (2.07)  (2.51)
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Liability
Term Loans 327.31 74.44
Working Capital Loan - from Banks (Including Interest Accrued thereon) 226.32 595.12
553.63 669.56

===== PAGE 129 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
142
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
 ii Foreign Currency Risk
  Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate because 
of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk through its sales and 
purchases from overseas suppliers in foreign currencies. The comapny measures risk through sensitivity analysis.
  The Company's exposure to Foreign Currency Risk is as follows:
 (Rs. in Million)
As at Mar. 31, 2025 Carrying 
Amount upto 1 year 1 - 2 years 2 - 5 years > 5 years
Borrowings  413.88  76.05  0.30  337.53  -   
Trade Payables  1,206.75  1,206.75  -    -    -   
Other Financial Liabilities  -    -    -    -    -   
Total  1,620.63  1,282.80  0.30  337.53  -   
 (Rs. in Million)
As at Mar. 31, 2024 Carrying 
Amount upto 1 year 1 - 2 years 2 - 5 years > 5 years
Borrowings  118.61  33.65  10.53  74.43  -   
Trade Payables  439.55  439.55  -    -    -   
Other Financial Liabilities  -    -    -    -    -   
Total  558.16  473.20  10.53  74.43  -   
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Currency Mar. 31,2025 Mar. 31,2024
Financial Assets
Trade Receivables USD  0.46  0.18 
EURO  -    0.10 
INR  -    -   
Financial Liabilities  -    -   
Trade Creditors USD  -    -   
INR  -    -   
Net Asset/(Liability)  -    -   
USD in INR  39.40  15.32 
EURO in INR  -    8.78 
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Impact on profit / loss before tax
Mar. 31, 2025 Mar. 31, 2024
INR / USD rate changes favourably by 2% 0.79  0.31 
INR / USD rate changes unfavourably by 2%  (0.79)  (0.31)
INR / EURO rate changes favourably by 2% 0  0.18 
INR / EURO rate changes unfavourably by 2%  -    (0.18)
  Sensitivity Analysis
B Liquidity risk
 Liquidity risk is the risk that an entity will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial 
liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial assets.
 The company's principal source of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and the cash flow that is generated 
from operations. The Company closely monitors its liquidity position and is attempting to enhance its sources of 
funding by increasing cash flow generated from its operations and realisations from other proposed measures. The 
Company measures risk by forecasting cash flows.
 The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities

===== PAGE 130 =====
143
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
Trade Receivable 656.19 447.65
 (Rs. in Million)
As at Mar. 31, 2025 Reference 
Note No. FVTPL FVTOCI Amortized 
Cost
Total 
Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
Financial Asset
Investment  -    -    -    -    -   
Other Financial Assets 7 & 13  -    -    38.11  38.11  38.11 
Trade Receivables 10  -    -    656.19  656.19  656.19 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 11 & 12  -    -    658.60  658.60  658.60 
Loans 6  -    -    -    -    -   
Total Financial Assets  -    -    1,352.90  1,352.90  1,352.90 
Financial liability
Borrowings 17 & 19  -    -    1,724.85  1,724.85  1,724.85 
Trade Payables 20  -    -    1,206.75  1,206.75  1,206.75 
Other Financial Liabilities  -    -    -    -    -   
Total Financial Liabilities  -    -    2,931.60  2,931.60  2,931.60 
C Credit Risk
 Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party by failing 
to discharge an obligation. Credit risk encompasses both, the direct risk of default and the risk of deterioration of 
credit worthiness.
 Credit risk arises primarily from financial assets such as trade receivables, cash and cash equivalent and other 
financial assets.
 In respect of trade receivables, credit risk is being managed by the company through credit approvals, establishing 
credit limits and continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which the company grants credit 
terms in the normal course of business. The Company ensures that sales of products are made to customers with 
appropriate creditworthiness. All trade receivables are also reviewed and assessed for default on a regular basis.
 Credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalent and other financial assets is limited due to sound receivable 
management of the Company.
 The maximum exposure to the credit risk at the reporting date from trade recievables after the provision of 
Allowance for Credit Loss is as under :
39. Financial Instruments
Disclosure of Financial Instruments by Category
As at Mar 31, 2025
 (Rs. in Million)
As at Mar. 31, 2025 Reference 
Note No. FVTPL FVTOCI Amortized 
Cost
Total 
Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
Financial Asset
Investment  -    -    -    -    -   
Other Financial Assets 7 & 13  -    -    35.64  35.64  35.64 
Trade Receivables 10  -    -    447.65  447.65  447.65 
Cash and Cash Equivalents 11 & 12  -    -    595.42  595.42  595.42 
Loans 6  -    -    -    -    -   
Total Financial Assets  -    -    1,078.71  1,078.71  1,078.71 

===== PAGE 131 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
144
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
As at Mar. 31, 2024
Financial Assets  -  -  -  - 
Derivative financial Assets  -    -    -    -   
Total  -    -    -    -   
As at March 31, 2023
Financial Assets  -    -    -    -   
Derivative financial Assets  -    -    -    -   
Total  -    -    -    -   
 (Rs. in Million)
As at Mar. 31, 2025 Reference 
Note No. FVTPL FVTOCI Amortized 
Cost
Total 
Carrying 
Amount
Fair Value
Financial liability
Borrowings 17 & 19  -    -    1,817.99  1,817.99  1,817.99 
Trade Payables 20  -    -    439.55  439.55  439.55 
Other Financial Liabilities  -    -    -    -    -   
Total Financial Liabilities  -    -    2,257.54  2,257.54  2,257.54 
40. Fair Value Measurement of Financial Asset and Financial Liabilities
The Fair value of current financial assets and current financial liabilities measured at amortised cost, are considered to be 
the same as their carrying amount as they are of short term nature. Hence fair value hierarchy is not given for the same.
The carrying amount of non - current financial assets and non - current  financial liabilities measured at amortised cost 
are a reasonable approximation of their fair values since the Company does not anticipate that the carrying amounts 
would be significantly different from the values that would eventually be received or settled.
Fair Value Hierarchy
All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorized within 
the fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy is based on inputs to valuation techniques that are used to measure fair 
value that are either observable or unobservable and consists of the following three levels:
Level 1 – inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
Level 2 – inputs are other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability either 
directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived prices)
Level 3 – inputs are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).  Fair values are determined in whole 
or in part using a valuation model based on assumption that are neither supported by prices from observable current 
market transactions in the same instrument nor are they based on available market data. 

===== PAGE 132 =====
145
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars Numerator Denominator  31st Mar. 
2025 
 31st Mar. 
2024 Variation Reasons
Current Ratio Current Assets Current Liabilities  1.62  1.74 6.93%
Debt Equity Ratio Borrowings Share Holder's 
Equity 
 0.65  0.85 23.56% Due to Decrease in 
Borrowing 
Debt Service 
Coverage Ratio
Earnings 
available for debt 
Service (Refer 
Note i below)
Debt Service  11.89  16.94 29.83% Due to improvement 
in operational 
margins and Decrease 
in borrowing 
Return on Equity 
(ROE):
Net Profit after 
Taxes
Average 
Shareholder's 
Equity 
15.03% 16.69% 9.97%
Inventory Turnover 
Ratio
Cost of Material 
Consumed + 
Channges in 
WIP/ FG
Average Invnetory  2.81  2.27 -23.47% Due to increase in 
average inventory
Trade receivable 
Turnover Ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Average Trade 
Receivables 
 16.16  11.01 -46.75% Due to efficiency 
in receivable 
management
Trade Payable 
Turnover Ratio
Purchases Average Trade 
Payables 
 20.74  28.73 27.82% increase due to 
credit period 
increase of creditors
Net Capital 
Turnover Ratio
Revenue from 
Operations
Working Capital  4.68  3.56 -31.40% Discrease due to 
increase in revenue 
but not so much 
increase WC 
Net Profit Ratio Net Profit Revenue from 
Operations 
5.25% 5.21% -0.66%
Return on Capital 
Employed
Earning Before 
Interest and Tax
Capital Employed 14.30% 12.80% -11.76%
41. Additional Regulatory Information - Analytical Ratios 
Note i: Net Profit after taxes + Non-cash operating expenses + Interest + other adjustments like loss on sale of 
Fixed assets etc.
42. List of Related Parties & Relationship:
Sr. 
No. Particulars Name of the Related Parties
1 Key Managerial Personnel  (KMP) Vijay Sanghavi
Prerna Trivedi (Up to 04.04.2024)
Swati Sharda (Up to 18-11-2024)
Umang lalpurwala 
Babulal Chaplot
Binita Verdia
2 Independent Director Sreeram Vishwanathan
Karuna Advani
Rajash Shah
Umeshsinh Rathod
Vimalbhai Bokadia
3 Relatives of Key Managerial Personnel Seema Vijay Sanghavi
Briyanshi Vijay Sanghavi
Rinshi Vijay Sanghavi
4 Enterpises overwhich KMP having  significant influence Vijay Sanghavi HUF
Ratnaveer Industries

===== PAGE 133 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
146
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Sr. 
No. Particulars As at  
31-03-2025
As at  
31-03-2024
1 Loan Transactions
1.1 With KMP
Loan Taken from 
Vijay Sanghavi  1,187.79  712.77 
Seema V Sanghavi  -    0.24 
 1,187.79  713.01 
Loan Repaid to
Vijay Sanghavi  1,215.88  560.48 
Seema V Sanghavi  -    0.43 
 1,215.88  560.91 
2 Expenses
2.1 Interest Expenses
Vijay Sanghavi  -    6.92 
 -    6.92 
2.2 Directors' Remuneration
Vijay Sanghavi  5.40  5.40 
Babulal Chaplot  0.84  0.84 
 6.24  6.24 
2.3 Employee Benefit Expenses
Seema Sanghavi  1.50  1.50 
Briyanshi Vijay Sanghavi  0.60  0.60 
Rinshi Vijay Sanghavi  0.60 
Prerana Trivedi  -    0.62 
Swati Sharda (Up to 18-11-2024)  0.22 
Umang lalpurwala  0.12 
 3.04  2.72 
2.4 Rent Paid
Vijay Sanghavi  8.40  0.60 
Seema Sanghavi  0.60  0.60 
Ratnaveer Industries  11.40  7.20 
Vijay Sanghavi HUF  0.30  0.30 
 20.70  8.70 
3 Balance Outstanding 
Loan Payable
Vijay Sanghavi  226.32  254.41 
Seema V Sanghavi  -    -   
 226.32  254.41 
3.1 Balance Outstanding 
Employees
Vijay Sanghavi  0.45  0.35 
Seema Sanghavi  0.12  0.11 
Briyanshi Sanghavi  0.05  0.04 
Umang lalpurwala  0.04 
Babulal Chaplot  0.07  0.07 
 -    -   
 0.73  0.57 
42.1 Disclosure of material  transactions with Related Party:

===== PAGE 134 =====
147
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
42.2 Compensation of Key Managerial Personnel of the Company
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24
Short Term Employee Benefits  9.28  8.96 
Director's Sitting Fees  0.53  0.56 
Post employment benefits  -    -   
Termination Benefits  -    -   
Share Based Payments  -    -   
Particulars
KMP Relatives of KMP
Enterpises overwhich 
KMP having 
significant influence
Total
As At 
Mar2025
As At 
Mar2024
As At 
Mar2025
As At 
Mar2024
As At 
Mar2025
As At 
Mar2024
As At 
Mar2025
As At 
Mar2024
1 Liabilities
Loan taken 1,187.79  713.01  -    -    -    -   1,187.79  713.01 
Loan Repayment 1,215.88  560.90  -    -    -    -   1,215.88  560.90 
2 Expenses  -    -    -    -   
Interest Expense  -    6.92  -    -    -    -    -    6.92 
Rent  8.40  0.60  0.90  0.90  11.40  7.20  20.70  8.70 
Employee Benefit Exp  3.04  2.72  2.70  2.10  -    -    5.74  4.82 
Director's Remuneration  6.24  6.24  -    -    -    -    6.24  6.24 
3 Outstanding Balances  -    -    -    -   
Liabilities
Employees Benefit Payable  0.73  0.57  -    0.15  -    -    0.73  0.73 
Loans Payable  226.32  254.41  -    -    -    -    226.32  254.41 
42.3 The transactions with related parties are made on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.
42.4 The related party balances outstanding are routine in nature as per ordinary course of business.
Note -43 Transactions with Related Parties :
44. Segment Information
44.1 Primary Segment
 The Operating Segments have been reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the 
Board of directors, who are the Chief Operating Decision Makers. They are responsible for allocating resources and 
assessing the performance of operating segments. Accordingly, the reportable segment is only one segment i.e. 
manufacture and exporting of Stainless Steel Washers, Sheet Metal Products, Stainless Tube & Pipe and Stainless 
Steel Finished Steel segment segment.

===== PAGE 135 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
148
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As At Mar. 2025 As At Mar. 2024
Within India  8,419.07  5,504.08 
Outside India
Austria  -    10.68 
France  29.51  6.74 
Hungary  -    7.53 
Germany  268.32  203.72 
Israel  4.96  3.33 
Italy  51.78  77.13 
Netherland  10.74  34.83 
Poland  23.48  28.02 
Spain  50.61  27.02 
Sweden  0.28  0.38 
UAE  4.82  5.69 
U K  35.60  29.20 
U S A  15.11  12.62 
Norway  -    2.04 
Croatia  -    0.48 
Greece  3.90 
Total 8,918.18 5,953.49
44.2 Secondary Segment - Geographical Segment
 The analysis of geographical segment is based on geographical location of the customers. The geographical 
segments considered for disclosure are as follows:
 Sales within India : Sales to Customer located within India.
 Sales outside India : Sales to Customer located outside India.
 Information pertaining to Secondary Segment.
45. Details of Loan given, Investment made and Guarantee given  pursuant section 186 (4) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 :
Loans given are shown  under the respective heads. All Loans given ar to the employees of the company. There are no 
corporate guarantees given by the company in respect of loans as at March 31, 2025.
46 Previous year’s figures have been regrouped/reclassified wherever necessary to correspond with the current year’s 
classifications / disclosures.
47 Corporate Social Responsibility Contribution
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars As At Mar. 2025 As At Mar. 2024
Amount required to be spent by the company during the year  5.58  3.61 
Amount of expenditure incurred on
(i) Construction of an Asset  -    -   
(ii) On purpose other than (i) above  7.45  3.70 
shortfall at the end of the year  -    -   
Total of previous years shortfall  -    -   
Reason for shortfall  NA  NA 
Nature of CSR activities  (Refer note 47.1)  (Refer note 47.1) 
(Note :47.1 Medical and Health care , Rural Development - Education , Food, 
Grocery and Cloths Distribution etc,.)
Details of related party transactions in relation to CSR expenditure as per 
relevant Indian Accounting Standard
 -    -   
Where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into 
a contractual obligation, the movements in the provision
 NA  NA 

===== PAGE 136 =====
149
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
47.1 Details of Corporate Social Responsibility Contribution
(Rs. in Million)
Nature of Services
Amount of 
Contribution FY 
2024-25
Amount of 
Contribution FY 
2023-24
Medical and Health care, Education, Women Empowerment etc. 5.57 3.6
Job Fair 0.025 0.1
Educational Services 1.50 -
promoting of Art culture , heritage and Environment 0.35 -
Total 7.45 3.70
48. The company has sought balance confirmations from trade receivables and trade payables, wherever such balance 
confirmations are received by the Company, the same are reconciled and appropriate adjustments if required, are made 
in the books of account.
49. Certain Quantity of Stock of Stores & Spares and Packing Material are slow Moving /Non Moving however in view of 
the Management same is realizable And hence no provision for the same is made.
50. Undisclosed Transactions
As stated & confirmed by the Board of Directors, The Company does not have any such transaction which is not recorded 
in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under 
the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961.
51. Benami Transactions
As stated & confirmed by the Board of Directors ,The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding 
has been initiated or pending against the Group for holding any Benami property.
52. Loan or Investment to Ultimate Beneficiaries
As stated & Confirmed by the Board of Directors ,The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other 
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
(a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
53. Loan or Investment from Ultimate Beneficiaries
As stated & Confirmed by the Board of Directors ,The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or 
entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) 
that the Company shall:
(a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
(b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
54. Working Capital
As stated and confirmed by the Board of Directors, The Company has been sanctioned working capital facilities during 
the year under review and inventory records submitted with the banks are in confirmity with books of accounts.

===== PAGE 137 =====
Precision. Innovation. Diversification.
150
Annual Report 2024-25
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
55. Willful Defaulter
As stated & Confirmed by the Board of Directors ,The company has not been declerated willful defaulter by the bank 
during the year under review.
56. Transactions with Struck off Companies
As stated & Confirmed by the Board of Directors ,The company has not under taken any transactions nor has outstanding 
balance with the company Struck Off either under section 248 of the Act or under Section 560 of Companies act 1956.
57. Satisfaction of Charge
As stated and confirmed by the Board of Directors, the company has complied with the number of layer prescribed 
under clause (87) of section 2 of the Act read with Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017
58. Crypto Currency
As stated & Confirmed by the Board of Directors ,The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto Currency or 
Virtual Currency.
59. Maintenance of books of accounts
The audit trail feature was not enabled at the database level for accounting software Tally to log any direct data changes, 
used for maintenance of all accounting records by the Holding Company. Accounting software administration guide 
states that enabling the same all the time consumes storage space on the disk and can impact database performance 
significantly. audit trail (edit log) is enabled at the application level. In the meanwhile, the Company continues to ensure 
that direct write access to the database is granted only via an approved change management process 
60. Significant Events After the Reporting Date
There were no significant Adjusting events that occurred subsequent to the reporting period
61. Research & Development
Introduction:
Global competition encourages companies to seek for a more innovative way to survive. More and more complex R&D 
-based activities are introduced and the managerial approch is extermely important, while R&D by its nature requires 
special managerial attitude. The benifitrs include closing the gap between theory and technology.
Problem Statement
In our Single cavity production process we are facing low productivity,higher process cost and low production end of the 
day.And also not able to meet coutomers delivery requirements.
Concept of the Project
To research and develop automatic / semi-automatic process set up to solve above problams. Our main object is:-
1. To increase productivity
2. To save labour cost
3. To reduce process cost
4. To reduce process time

===== PAGE 138 =====
151
Corporate Overview01
 Statutory Report02 Financial Statements03
Notes forming part of Standalone Financial Statement
for the year ended March 31, 2025
Company is continuously engaged in Research & Development of new product/modification of existing products 
in which the  the Company operats , detail of  Expences incurred on Research & Development activities during the 
year are as under:-
(Rs. in Million)
The company has following loans and advances which are given without specifying any terms or period of 
repayment. 
Type of Borrower Amount of loan or advance in 
the nature of loan outstanding
Percentage to the total Loans and 
Advances in the nature of loans
Promoter NIL NIL
Directors NIL NIL
KMPs NIL NIL
Related Parties NIL NIL
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24
Raw material  391.44  187.06 
salary expense  2.14  4.66 
Electricity, Power and Fuel Expnese  1.08  4.10 
Providend Fund  -  -   
Freight Charges inward  0.88  1.19 
TOTAL RS  395.54 197.01
(Rs. in Million)
Particulars 2024-25 2023-24
Total revenue from contracts with Custormers  8,918.18  5,953.50 
Less: Significant finanacing component/grant  -    -   
Add:Cash Discount/rebates/etc  -   
Total revenue as per Contracted Price  8,918.18  5,953.50 
61A During the year under review company has capitalised self genarated  Research and Development and Dies and 
tools amouning to Rs 395.54 million and Rs 830.95 million as certified by Mr Upendra Nath Mahto vide certificate 
No UNM/GEN/019/2024-25 and UNM/GEN/018/2024-25
62. Detail of Revenue From Contract with coutomers
63. Since the entity does not have any subsidiaries, the details of its layers same have not been  
Presented, not applicable
64
Note No. 1 to 64 forming Part of Standalone Financial Statements
As per our report of even date attached for and on behalf of Board of Directors of
For Pankaj R Shah & Associates RATNAVEER PRECISION ENGINEERING LIMITED
Chartered Accountants  ( Formerly Known As RATNAVEER METALS LIMITED )
Firm Regn. No. 107361W CIN: L27108GJ2002PLC040488
CA Nilesh Shah B. S. Chaplot Vijay R Sanghavi
Partner Whole Time Director Managing Director& CFO
Membership No. - 107414 DIN: 03539750 DIN: 00495922
UDIN : 25107414BMGITU5209
Ahmedabad
Date:  14-05-2025 Umang Lalpurwala
 Company Secretary
 Membership No. A38420
 Place: Vadodara
 Date: 14-05-2025

===== PAGE 139 =====
Notes

===== PAGE 140 =====


===== PAGE 141 =====
Registered Ofﬁc e 
E-77, GID C, Sa vli ( Manjusar)  
Dist. V adodar a  
Gujar at -391 776  
W ebsit e : www .r atna v eer.c om  
 
C orporate Ofﬁc e 
703/704, “O CEAN”, Vikr am Sar abhai  
Campus, V adi W adi, V adodar a,  
Gujar at 390 023
Sc an this QR c ode 
t o vie w the AR 
2024-25 online