S.R. BATLIBOI & ASSOCIATES LLP                                                                                                {SG Host "NOH LOE
Chartered Accountants
                                                                                                                              Survey No. 83/1, Raidurgam
                                                                                                                              Hyderabad - 500 032, India
                                                                                                                              Tel    : +91 40 6141 6000
Independent Auditor’s Review Report on
                                       the Quarterly Unaudited Consolidated Financ
Company Pursuant to the Regulation 33 of                                            ial Results of the
                                          the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Regulations, 2015, as amended                                                          Requirements)

Review Report to
The Board of Directors
MTAR Technologies Limited

l.    We have reviewed the accompanying Statement
                                                        of Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results of
      Technologies Limited (the “Holding Company”)                                                       MTAR
                                                           and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and
      subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”)                                                        its
                                                         for the quarter ended June 30, 2026 (the “Statement”)
      attached herewith, being submitted by the Holding
                                                         Company pursuant to the requirements of Regulation
      of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requir                                                  33
                                                             ements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (the “Listin
      Regulations” ).                                                                                          g

      The Holding Company’s Management is responsible
                                                          for the preparation of the Statement in accordance
      the recognition and measurement principles laid                                                        with
                                                        down in Indian Accounting Standard 34, (Ind AS
      “Interim Financial Reporting” prescribed under Section                                                  34)
                                                               133 of the Companies Act, 2013 as amended, read
      with relevant rules issued thereunder and other accoun
                                                             ting principles generally accepted in India and
      compliance   with Regulation                                                                              in
                                33 of the Listing Regulations. The Statement has been approv
      Company’s Board of Directors . Our responsibility                                        ed by the Holding
                                                        is to express a conclusion on the Statement based
      review.                                                                                              on our

      We conducted our review of the Statement in accordance
                                                                  with the Standard on Review Engagements (SRE)
     2410, “Review of Interim Financial Information Perfor
                                                              med by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued
     by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. This
                                                              standard requires that we plan and perform the review
     to obtain moderate assurance as to whether the Statement
                                                                is free of material misstatement. A review of interim
     financial information consists of making inquiries, primari
                                                                      ly of persons responsible for financial and
     accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review
                                                                        procedures. A review is substantially less in
     scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Standards
                                                                      on Auditing and consequently does not enable
     us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all signifi
                                                                          cant matters that might be identified in an
     audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

     We also performed procedures in accordance with the Master
                                                                    Circular issued by the Securities and Exchange
     Board of India under Regulation 33(8) of the Listing Regulat
                                                                  ions, to the extent applicable.

     The Statement includes the results of the following entities:
          a.    Gee Pee Aerospace and Defence Private Limited
          b.    Magnatar Aero Systems Private Limited

     Based on our review conducted and procedures performed as stated
                                                                              in paragraph 3 above and based on the
     consideration of the review/audit reports of other auditors referred
                                                                          to in paragraph 6 below, nothing has come
     to our attention that causes us to believe that the accompanying
                                                                            Statement, prepared in accordance with
     recognition and measurement principles laid down in the aforesaid
                                                                            Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’)
     specified  under   Section    133    of the      Companies          Act,     2013,      as amended,
                                                                                                   rules issued    read       with    relevant
     thereunder and other accounting principles generally accepted
                                                                   in India, has not disclosed the information
     required to be disclosed in terms of the Listing Regulations, including
                                                                              the manner in which it is to be
     disclosed, or that it contains any material misstatement.


      The accompanying Statement includes the unaudited interim financial
                                                                            results and other financial information,
     in respect of:
        ¢ two subsidiaries, whose unaudited interim financial results include
                                                                                 total revenues of Rs 16.79 million,
            total net loss after tax of Rs. 7.22 million and total comprehensive
                                                                                    loss of Rs. 7.22 million, for the
            quarter ended June 30, 2026, as considered in the Statement
                                                                              which have been reviewed by their
            respective independent auditors.




                             S.R. Batliboi & Associates LLP, a Limited Liability
                                                                                 Partnership with LLP Identity No. AAB-4295
                                           Regd. Office : 22, Camac Street, Block ‘B', 3rd
                                                                                           Floor, Kolkata-700 016

