[page 1]
                                        Newgen Software Technologies Limited

                     CIN: L72200DL 1992PLC049074, Registered Office: E-44/13, Okhla Phase II, New Delhi 110020, India
                                                     Tel: +91 11 46533200, 26384060, 26384146 Fax:+91 11 26383963

Date: 21st July 2026

BSE Limited                                    National Stock Exchange of India
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                     Limited
Dalal Street,                                  Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Mumbai – 400001                                Bandra- Kurla Complex
                                               Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051

Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited     Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017)                          Limited
Scrip Code – 540900                            (NEWGEN/INE619B01017)

Sub.: Outcome Transcript – Conference Call – Q1 FY’27

Dear Sir/Ma’am

As intimated earlier through our letter dated 13th July 2026 regarding the Conference Call of the
Company, which was held on Thursday, 16th July 2026 at 4:00 P.M. (IST), please find enclosed
herewith a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors/ Analysts.

The transcript of the said call shall be made available on the Company’s website at
https://newgensoft.com.

This is for your kind information and record.

Thanking you.

For Newgen Software Technologies Limited

Aman by Aman Mourya Digitally signed
Mourya 16:07:07 +05'30' Date: 2026.07.21

Aman Mourya
Company Secretary & Head-Legal

Encl.: a/a

[page 2]
“Newgen Software Technologies Limited
  Q1 FY '27 Earnings Conference Call”
                 July 16, 2026

MANAGEMENT:  MR. T.S. VARADARAJAN – VICE CHAIRMAN AND
             WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – NEWGEN SOFTWARE
             TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
             MR. VIRENDER JEET – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER –
             NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
             MR. TARUN NANDWANI – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
             – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
             MR. ARUN GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
             NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
             MS. DEEPTI MEHRA CHUGH – HEAD, INVESTOR
             RELATIONS – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES
             LIMITED

MODERATOR: MS. SEEMA NAYAK – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED

             Page 1 of 14

[page 3]
Moderator:                                                                 Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Seema Nayak:                                                                                               July 16, 2026
Deepti Chugh:
                    Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Newgen Q1 FY '27 Earnings Call. As a
T. S. Varadarajan:  reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity
                    for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
                    conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.
                    Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand over the call to Ms. Seema Nayak
                    from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over to you, Ms. Seema.

                    Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to the Q1 FY '27 Earnings Call of Newgen Software
                    Technologies. On behalf of ICICI Securities, it's my pleasure to introduce the senior
                    management team of Newgen. We have with us today Mr. T. S. Varadarajan, Vice Chairman
                    and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Virender Jeet, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Tarun Nandwani,
                    Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Arun Gupta, Chief Financial Officer; and Ms. Deepti Mehra
                    Chugh, Head of Investor Relations. I now hand over the call to Ms. Deepti for further
                    proceedings. Thank you, and over to you Deepti.

                    Thank you so much, Seema. Good evening, everyone. Before we move on to the discussion, let
                    me highlight that this call may contain certain forward-looking statements concerning Newgen's
                    future business prospects and profitability, which are subject to a number of risks and
                    uncertainties, and the actual results could materially vary from the forward-looking statements.
                    Past performance may not be indicative of future performance, and the company does not
                    undertake to make any announcement in case any of these forward-looking statements become
                    materially incorrect or update any forward-looking statements made from time to time by or on
                    behalf of the company.

                    For any further details, you may please refer to the Investor Relations section of our website. I
                    will now hand over to Mr. Varadarajan for presentation of the results, and that will be followed
                    by a Q&A by Tarun and team. Thank you.

                    Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for our Q1 FY '27 earnings
                    call. To begin with, as Newgen continues to advance its vision of orchestrating intelligent
                    enterprises, we have shared important leadership announcement during the quarter that will
                    guide the company into its next phase of growth. As Jeet has decided to step down from his role,
                    Tarun has been appointed as Chief Executive Officer at Newgen effective August 1, 2026.

                    Tarun has been associated with Newgen for the past 33 years and has been a key contributor to
                    Newgen's growth journey. He will drive the next chapter of growth at Newgen. We have also
                    created the role of Chief Growth Officer at Newgen, and Pramod has been appointed to his -- he
                    will lead Newgen's growth agenda with a focus on driving growth strategy, product alignment,
                    AI enablement, global market expansion and ecosystems development.

                    These appointments reflect Newgen's commitment to leadership continuity and our confidence
                    to the opportunities ahead. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Jeet for his outstanding
                    leadership and invaluable contributions in shaping Newgen into the global organization it is
                    today. We wish him continued success in the next chapter of his journey. With that note, we now
                    move to the financial performance for the first quarter of FY '27.

                                          Page 2 of 14

[page 4]
                                                       Newgen Software Technologies Limited
                                                                                       July 16, 2026

We have started FY '27 on a steady note with Q1 reflecting continued resilience in our business
model, sustained customer engagement and healthy momentum to our annuity-led revenue
streams. During the quarter, our revenue from operations stood at INR357 crores, representing
year-on-year growth of 11%. A key highlight of the quarter was the continued strength of our
annuity revenues. Total annuity revenue stood at approximately INR254 crores, witnessing a
growth of 14% Y-o-Y. With this SaaS and license subscription revenue continued to grow
strongly, reaching approximately INR60 crores for the quarter and growing at 40% Y-o-Y.

This reinforces the increasing predictability and durability of our revenue base as more and more
customers continue to engage with Newgen through subscription-led and recurring models.
From a geography perspective, we saw broad-based contribution across all markets. EMEA
remained the largest contributor during the quarter at approximately INR114 crores, followed
by India at approximately INR96 crores, the U.S.A at approximately INR92 crores and APAC
at approximately INR56 crores.

This geographic diversification continues to support the resilience of our business and provides
multiple levers for growth across markets. U.S. geography witnessed a strong growth of 27% Y-
o-Y, followed by APAC geography at 12%, EMEA geography at 10%. Implementation revenues
had been weaker in the quarter due to the slowest project starts across markets, especially
EMEA.

We added 10 new logos during the quarter. Our key wins in the quarter include a core insurance
platform policy administration system transformation project for a customer in Kuwait valued
at approximately INR26.7 crores, a retail loan origination solution deployment for an automation
in the Philippines valued at INR16.2 crores, an order from Annapurna Finance Private Limited
in India for the implementation, maintenance of AI-enabled loan origination and collection
system valued at INR15.6 crores, an engagement with a leading U.K. enterprise to implement
Newgen's enterprise content management platform valued at INR14.5 crores.

Our industry mix also continues to reflect the strength of our focus on complex, regulated and
process-intensive sectors. Banking and financial services remained our largest vertical,
contributing approximately INR225 crores during the quarter and growing at 5%. Insurance and
health care also continue to be an important growth area, contributing approximately INR79
crores and growing at 58%.

These sectors continue to prioritize automation, digital transformation, customer experience,
compliance and increasing AI-led modernization. As we had mentioned earlier, enterprises
today are not merely looking at digitizing individual processes. They are looking to create more
connected, intelligent and adaptive operating environment. This shift aligns closely with
Newgen's core strength. Our platform brings together content, process, communication, low-
code, analytics and AI capabilities into a unified execution layer, enabling customers to move
from fragmented automation towards intelligent orchestration.

The conversations with customers are increasingly centred around how they can operationalize
AI responsibly, improve agility, reduce turnaround time, strengthen governance and deliver

                      Page 3 of 14

[page 5]
Moderator:                                                              Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Shubhi Gupta:                                                                                           July 16, 2026
Tarun Nandwani:
Management:      better outcomes at scale. We believe this creates a meaningful opportunity for Newgen as
                 organizations increasingly look for trusted platform that combine deep domain capabilities with
                 enterprise-grade governance and scalability.

                 During the quarter, we continued to invest in our platform road map with a strong focus on AI-
                 led capabilities. We are expanding our enterprise agent orchestration capabilities and
                 strengthening AI governance and trust framework. Our focus continues to be on disciplined
                 execution, stronger customer engagement, annuity-led growth, product innovation and
                 operational efficiency.

                 We believe the investment we have made in our platform, people and global presence position
                 us well to capture long-term opportunities as enterprises accelerate their journey towards
                 intelligent operations. Coming to our profits and margins. Our profitability performance
                 remained healthy. EBITDA adjusted for other income stood at INR56 crores, translating into an
                 EBITDA margin of around 15.7%. Profit after tax was INR63 crores, reflecting year-on-year
                 growth of about 26% with a net margin of around 17.6%.

                 During the period, we have invested nearly 9% of our revenues on R&D initiatives and around
                 26% of revenues on various sales and marketing activities. To summarize, Q1 FY '27 reflects
                 the resilience of our business model and the strength of our strategic direction. We are well
                 positioned to accelerate growth and help enterprises orchestrate intelligent enterprises. Our
                 annuity revenues continues to expand. Profitability remains healthy, and our platform remains
                 strongly aligned with the emerging needs of enterprises seeking intelligent, governed and
                 scalable transformation.

                 We enter the rest of the year with confidence while staying focused on disciplined execution and
                 sustainable long-term growth. Thank you very much, and we are now open for Q&A.

                 Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Shubhi Gupta from Trinetra Asset
                 Management. Please go ahead.

                 So sir, our EBITDA margins have expanded from 14% to about 15.7% in this quarter. So what
                 are the primary cost efficiency drivers for this? And should we assume 15% to 16% range to be
                 sustainable for the remainder of the year? And the second question is that how are we monetizing
                 AI agents? Like are they being added to the existing modules or it will be bundled into a new
                 Gen 1 license like a new license?

                 I'm Tarun. So answer to the first question is that the margin expansion is a function of
                 optimization of the AI practices in our engineering that we have incorporated. And we are -- the
                 efficiency gains are being passed on to -- for customer success for faster implementations and
                 operational efficiencies that we are getting. So we hope that we will continue with these
                 efficiency gains in coming quarters. To your second question.

                 I think 15% for the full year, the EBITDA would expand. So Q1 is the lowest in terms of margin
                 -- so we usually have 23% to 25% EBITDA margin for the entire year.

                                       Page 4 of 14

[page 6]
Tarun Nandwani:                                                         Newgen Software Technologies Limited
                                                                                                        July 16, 2026
Moderator:
Aditi Patil:     On the AI product side, the platforms have native AI capabilities, which you are aware of. We
Tarun Nandwani:  have also launched AI products in our vertical streams. So AI in trade, AI in insurance, AI in
                 health care and AI in government. Now if we go slightly deeper, the trade finance, bank
Aditi Patil:     guarantee import modules are -- the AI product features allow them for classification and
Tarun Nandwani:  extraction of data and analysing of documents and the recommendation of the outcome.
Aditi Patil:
                 So this is baked into the platform for auditability and governance purposes. Similarly, we have
                 launched AI products for our insurance products in life, health and general. Our government
                 vertical knowledge management tools has AI baked in for the knowledge management vertical
                 product. And in our health care, we have incorporated AI products for appeals and grievances
                 and provider life cycle management. So they are currently being sold as part of our vertical
                 product offerings, which sit on our platform AI native capabilities.

                 The next question is from the line of Aditi Patil from ICICI.

                 Congratulations, team, on a good execution in a tough demand environment. And
                 congratulations, Tarun, on stepping into the role of new CEO, and I wish all the best for Jeet for
                 his future endeavours. My first question is on what led to decline in implementation revenue?
                 Was it because of delays in implementation or since we had lower license revenue in the past 4
                 quarters and hence, lower implementation revenue?

                 First, thank you for your wishes. The implementation revenue, yes, you are correct that the last
                 financial year had decline in the license revenue. But we had a good bumper quarter for Q1 in
                 terms of license. The implementation revenue is built up from the unexecuted order book of last
                 year plus the current quarter order executed book. So what happened in this quarter is that there
                 -- we saw some delays due to the environmental factors of our customers because of which
                 specifically India and some part of some other parts -- but -- and that led to the decline in the
                 quarter 1 implementation revenue, but we are optimistic that Q2, we will cover up with the
                 current executed UOB, we will be able to cover up for the Q1 loss as well as the our quarter 2
                 projections.

                 Okay, got it. And can you share your outlook on India and EMEA geography?

                 See, the demand pipeline is healthy in both India and EMEA. India is seeing good demand in
                 our pipeline due to large cases coming in the area of NBFCs, which is LOS and LMS and trade.
                 This has led to good growth in pipeline for India, and we see this demand closing in coming
                 quarters. EMEA has seen good demand in digital transformation, AI-led tools and the SaaS
                 pieces. Europe has seen very good demand in our AI-led ECM, CCM policy binding cases. The
                 modernization programs in Europe is showing healthy demand, and we are seeing a lot of
                 modernization programs there.

                 Okay. So yes, our developed market revenue has been growing at a strong pace since last few
                 quarters. So overall, should we see our developed market revenue sustaining and improving
                 revenue growth in India and EMEA?

                 Page 5 of 14

[page 7]
Tarun Nandwani:                                                         Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Aditi Patil:                                                                                            July 16, 2026
Tarun Nandwani:
Moderator:       Yes. See, mature market revenues are all subscription-based cloud native. So we are seeing a
Rahul Jain:      positive side in the growth there, which will be a continued momentum. And India and EMEA
                 have good pipeline growth in terms of the license cases and large program -- modernization
Tarun Nandwani:  programs. So we are expecting India and EMEA to come back to growth numbers.

                 Okay. And on DSO, so was it because of the delay in billings in EMEA that our DSOs were
                 slightly higher in Q1?

                 See, DSO, if you see from -- DSO is a challenge we recognize, but there is a decline from Q4 to
                 Q1, where we have worked upon our collections, we have worked upon the invoicing and
                 contract terms. And the delay in DSO in EMEA, as you know, because of the macro
                 environment, certain payments were delayed because of those issues. But we are seeing a
                 positive trend of DSO declining in coming quarters.

                 The next question comes from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital.

                 Congratulations for the new induction for the role. And thanks, Jeet, for making us understand
                 this business better and driving whatever you could during your tenure. My question is for this
                 fiscal year when we look at it FY '27, what are the -- some of the positive things that is shaping
                 up from an industry point of view, maybe something around AI driving the tech modernization
                 or core modernization theme. Are we seeing any delta coming from that kind of a thought
                 process among your clientele? And also from a macro point of view, how the decision-makings
                 are getting affected and how you plan to mitigate those challenges in the coming quarter, if you
                 could share your thoughts on that?

                 Thanks, Rahul. See, as you know, Newgen's strategy is focused on customer success and
                 investing in innovation. As I explained earlier, Newgen is investing heavily in horizontal and
                 vertical product lines and our domain solutions are becoming more and more appealing and
                 appealing to customers with respect to the AI baked into the various product lines of CASA,
                 lending, trade finance, PaaS, underwriting, ECM, communication hub, CCM, knowledge
                 management, which is RMS. So the AI, there will be a lot of investments going on, which are
                 going on and the products will evolve more and more with coming times. So that is the trend
                 that we are seeing that AI demand is coming with all RFPs that are coming today.

                 So to your second question, as you know that Newgen is diversified across geographies and
                 industries. We are seeing good attraction in commercial insurance space with policy binding
                 solutions. We are seeing ECM in retail in mature markets, RMS in -- again, in NBFC sector in
                 mature markets. And in India and APAC markets, we are seeing good demand in our original
                 domain-led products, which is AI-based trade, AI-based lending.

                 These are in good demand and pipeline is seeing good growth. Similar trend we are seeing with
                 APAC, which is seeing good demand in government where knowledge management kind of
                 solutions are showing good traction in various government departments in the APAC region.
                 And the traditional solutions of LOS, digital transformations are seeing platform where loan

                 Page 6 of 14

[page 8]
Rahul Jain:                                                             Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Tarun Nandwani:                                                                                         July 16, 2026
Deepti Chugh:
Tarun Nandwani:  origination and LMS is seeing good growth in APAC. So overall, in the broad-based all markets,
Rahul Jain:      we are seeing good demand today for AI-led these product lines, our offerings.

Tarun Nandwani:  Sure. And if you could help me out with the total headcount situation at the end of FY '26 and
Rahul Jain:      now?
Tarun Nandwani:
                 So we were approximately 4,200 at the end of...
Rahul Jain:
Deepti Chugh:    FY '26, and currently also at a similar number.
Rahul Jain:
                 So headcount, we have not grown.

                 Yes. If I see this data, this has been, I think, 4,500 or 4,600 in FY '24, '25, respectively, which is
                 4,200 now after 1.5 years. I can understand there is some automation and some leverage from
                 an AI point of view. But within the spectrum of skill that we have within this 5,000-odd people,
                 is it more like our headcount on the implementation side has come off because of some
                 automation and maybe the increased contribution from GSI pool, if that has increased, what
                 could have caused this reduction?

                 You are right, Rahul. The AI benefits have come as tailwind, and we are getting, as I said, good
                 benefits and operational efficiencies in our deliveries efforts and timelines.

                 But within the subsegment of responsibility, would you see the more optimization happening on
                 the implementation headcount or it is broad-based across function?

                 The efficiencies will come broad-based across all the departments, whether these are products,
                 accelerators or deliveries. And as I said, Newgen is focused on our customer success and
                 investing in innovation. So we will -- our core focus remains innovating for customer success
                 and creating more and more product lines.

                 And have you shared the pipeline or order growth and any such data? Sorry if I missed that
                 earlier.

                 No, Rahul, we usually share it at the end of the year. March is when we share the overall
                 bookings number. But yes, the pipeline looks strong. The booking number is also healthy and
                 growing like double digits. So we do see strong growth in both the aspects.

                 And if I see our product revenue have been coming off last year and the SaaS has seen
                 acceleration during FY '26, and that has continued in Q1 as well. So is it safer to assume that
                 incrementally, there are more deal which is coming on SaaS, which is affecting probably the
                 recognition part of the revenue?

                 And if that is the case, then it makes a lot of sense for us to start disclosing the RPO data because
                 that would represent the current momentum of the business better rather than showcasing the
                 P&L because you would be deferring a lot of license revenue into the future booking, which
                 may underscore the current performance. Any colour on this aspect would be helpful.

                                       Page 7 of 14

[page 9]
Tarun Nandwani:                                                         Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Management:                                                                                             July 16, 2026

Rahul Jain:      See, the subscription revenues are mostly coming from U.S., U.K. and Australia. And the deal
Moderator:       pipelines, I think we take so 1 year revenue...
Vijay Menon:
Tarun Nandwani:  Yes. I think as far as booking is concerned. Yes. We cover 1 year revenue, yes, I think as far as
                 -- but overall, I think, Rahul, the point is that still it is a 12%, 13% revenue when we are talking
Deepti Chugh:    about overall subscription revenue still. So it's still a smaller bucket compared to all other
Vijay Menon:     buckets. So yes, your point is well taken that possibly in future course, we will -- somewhere we
                 will try to have that number also. But maybe we have to wait for some time more. Currently, it
Tarun Nandwani:  is a better parameter to show that booking growth at a yearly level. And whatever figures we can
Vijay Menon:     give on a quarterly basis, we will surely share that...
Management:
                 Please look into it because some of our peers have started sharing the RPO data, which gives a
                 far better visibility on the SaaS revenue overall underlying growth momentum.

                 The next question comes from the line of Vijay Menon from Monarch Capital.

                 A couple of questions from my side. U.S. growth looks quite good this quarter. Anything we did
                 specifically there? Or have you won any large deals, which is there in the number? If you can
                 give any clarity on that, that would be helpful.

                 See, the U.S. being majorly into a subscription-based model, the growth of last year, might be
                 different quarters get accrued in the coming quarters, and this year wins will again move on
                 quarter-by-quarter recognition because these revenues are recognized quarter-by-quarter. So we
                 are sitting on a healthy base and with additions in -- with new customers and mining, this
                 performance and momentum will continue.

                 And in terms of materiality, I think we've disclosed 4 large deals for the quarter. So yes, we did
                 get a few which were in the range of INR12 crores to INR16 crores, in the range of INR26
                 crores.

                 Okay. That helps. And in terms of the RFPs in India, last quarter, you had mentioned that RFPs
                 are getting delayed and decision-making is taking time and large deals specifically in India are
                 not happening through banks. So any progress there, any improvement you are seeing there in
                 the demand environment?

                 Yes. As I said, the India pipeline has grown with large deals, and we are seeing activity into
                 those RFPs and the client has moved forward with the evaluation and decision-making process.
                 So in current quarter or coming quarters, we will see some closures.

                 And in terms of margin, any guidance for the year you would want to give anything...

                 As far as margin is concerned, yes, I think as far as -- if you see first quarter also, you will see
                 that there is a margin expansion. As Tarun has said that obviously, all kind of initiatives, whether
                 it is the AI kind of optimization, which I think is coming in internal productivity also as well as
                 there is an improved growth on the top line also.

                                       Page 8 of 14

[page 10]
Vijay Menon:                                                            Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Management:                                                                                             July 16, 2026
Moderator:
Seema Nayak:     So obviously, we -- on a yearly basis, obviously, we are seeing margin expansion also for the
                 annual basis also. That is what we are targeting. But it is being a first quarter, obviously, it is not
Deepti Chugh:    appropriate to comment beyond this as far as the overall number is concerned. But yes, I think
Tarun Nandwani:  we will surely maintain this 20% kind of number when we are talking of margin.

Deepti Chugh:    And what kind of R&D spend can we expect this year?
Seema Nayak:
Tarun Nandwani:  Currently, it is around 8%, 9% of the overall -- so I think -- okay. Thank you.
Deepti Chugh:
                 The next question comes from the line of Seema Nayak from ICICI Securities.
Seema Nayak:
Deepti Chugh:    So my first question is on Y-o-Y basis, the growth is looking broad-based. So what is the reason
Seema Nayak:     behind downturn in the other vertical? My second question is on the other income, which is
Deepti Chugh:    fairly elevated if you can throw some light on? Thank you.

                 The other income, I think it's on account of market dynamics, we do have investments.

                 So I think other income is more on account of 2 things. One is obviously the treasury income
                 and then also about the mark-to-market gains around the treasury as well as currency also. So I
                 think generally, quarter 1 is slightly heavier on other income. That is a trend if you have seen
                 last year also same quarter numbers. So obviously, I think treasury income will continue in that
                 offset only.

                 And the other question, Seema, sorry, if you can repeat that.

                 Regarding the other vertical, so it has been slowing down for the last two to three quarters?

                 Vertical...

                 So I think the focus for us, we've clarified that we have 3 focus areas, which is banking,
                 insurance, health care as well as government. And other just comprises of the remaining 14, 15
                 verticals wherein we get business from. But the core areas wherein we focus on would be these
                 3. So as a line of business in a focus area, I think these three verticals are where we're more
                 focused on.

                 Okay. And on Indian geography margin, so if you can explain what has caused the sharp impact?

                 Sorry, can you repeat the question? India geography margin.

                 Indian geography margin?

                 So I think 2 factors. One is the India market hasn't grown. The top line hasn't grown. And
                 secondly, the cost -- the base costs have increased by around 4%, 5%. So on account of both
                 these impacts, we have a squeeze in the margin. But again, I would request that on both the
                 aspects, whether that is the segments or whether that is the profitability, you look at the overview

                                       Page 9 of 14

[page 11]
Tarun Nandwani:                                                         Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Moderator:                                                                                              July 16, 2026
Sonal:
Tarun Nandwani:  for the full year rather than quarterly because quarterly, there could be variations that we do
Sonal:           have.
Tarun Nandwani:
                 Then if you see the full year number, obviously, in India also, the way we expect, obviously, in
Sonal:           coming quarters, this will improve. And accordingly, you will see improved margin in coming
                 quarters.
Tarun Nandwani:
                 The next question comes from the line of Sonal from Prescient Capital.
Sonal:
                 This is Sonal, sir. Thanks for having my question. Am I audible?

                 Yes.

                 I wanted to understand the details of the implementation revenue since they've gone down
                 roughly around 50-odd percent around 25-odd percent Y-o-Y. You also mentioned that the
                 license revenues have grown. So should we assume that the implementation revenues will come
                 and grow subsequent quarters with the lag?

                 Yes. So the -- for the current quarter, as I said, we have seen some delays in starting the projects
                 of last 1 or 2 quarters from EMEA, which has led to decline in this overall number. But what we
                 have seen that these projects have kicked off. And we expect that quarter 2 and quarter 3 will
                 see the expected numbers from the implementation, and we hope we are optimistic to recover
                 the Q1, 23%, which is amounted to some INR12 crores of revenue in quarter 2 and quarter 3.

                 Got it, sir. Sir, my second question is again linked to this implementation revenue and revenue
                 linked to support services, which is where a bulk of heavy lifting of people cost comes in. I
                 wanted to understand the number Value to productivity gains you've seen to your clients. Just to
                 understand how you are renegotiating your projects in the future and how the agreements are
                 getting renegotiated? Just broadly wanted to understand this.

                 See, our pipelines are usually RFPs are fixed price contracts. So from the implementation point
                 of view, AI efficiency gains in terms of turnaround time efficiencies to the client, gets passed on
                 to them, the operational efficiencies come to Newgen from the implementation revenue
                 standpoint. The support revenue is split across a large customer base of very large number of
                 customers, and they are very few specific to handling and supporting them with their BAU
                 activities.

                 So -- and that depends on what AI practices customer is adopting versus what AI practices are
                 available to our offshore team supporting them from our premises. So we are passing on the time
                 benefits and efficiencies to them. But there is no such demand of any effort or cost efficiencies
                 from our customers.

                 Got it, sir. And is there a guidance on revenue you want to give right now for the full year given
                 that we've grown at a reasonable early double-digit number? Just wanted to understand if there
                 is a guidance on the revenue.

                                      Page 10 of 14

[page 12]
Management:                                                             Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Moderator:                                                                                              July 16, 2026
Sanjay:
                 So generally, we don't give any guidance as far as revenue is concerned with our size of
Tarun Nandwani:  company. But obviously, I think, yes, we are hoping that -- which we have talked about in earlier
                 quarter also that we should have an improved number compared to the -- as far as growth rate
Deepti Chugh:    what we have achieved last year, and that we have shown in quarter 1 also when you see our
Sanjay:          numbers. And we are hopeful that we will maintain a double-digit growth in coming...
Tarun Nandwani:
Sanjay:          The next question comes from the line of Sanjay from SKS Securities Limited.
Management:
                 Thank you for the opportunity, and my question is about the number of deals won, right, the
                 total deal won or the logos won is comparatively lesser than the average what we do. Generally,
                 I think more than 12 or 13 logos we add. So how do you see that going? I mean, is it like there
                 is a delay happening in closure of the deals and how the business scenario as well as can you
                 just tell more about how the Middle East is having any challenges? Or are we getting the closures
                 and more discussions happening in Middle East area as well?

                 So I will just say that in terms of the number of deals quarter-on-quarter has varied, but the deal
                 size has grown substantially high for us. The total booking of the 10 deals with respect to what
                 we booked in the last quarter has seen substantial increase. These are multimillion dollar deals
                 or INR15 crores, INR16 crore-plus deals which have closed.

                 And in terms of the pipeline, as I said, there is a healthy mix of large deals now and midsized
                 deals, which we expect to close. So deal momentum in terms of number can be seen in coming
                 quarters. But the focus on large deals is there with us, and we want more and more large value
                 deals to get closed because this helps in the revenue from the quarter point of view.

                 Also, I think the business comprises of both mining of existing customers as well as new logo
                 acquisition. So from that perspective, we continue to work on growing both these aspects.

                 Sure, sir. Can you just give more idea about the Middle East is the area, I think you have a lot
                 of business happening there. And situation is getting better there? How are things?

                 So Middle East for us comprise of 3 regions, as we say. We have seen good mining deals coming
                 from existing accounts in UAE, Qatar, Kuwait, we have seen a few new deals from this area
                 specifically, if you are asking this. But in the Africa region, in the Europe region, we have seen
                 good pipeline as well as good size deals. The mining deal numbers have grown, but I think here,
                 what we declare is the net new logos.

                 Sure, sure. And another question is about we have now healthy cash on the books. And so is
                 there any plan for any acquisition or any buyback in coming quarters?

                 So obviously, I think as far as acquisition is concerned, that is a process which we are currently
                 deliberating for last couple of years, but I think it is something where it is taking time as far as
                 getting that right kind of fit as far as acquisition is concerned. On the other side, yes, I think we
                 are obviously currently -- as far as dividend optimization is concerned, that is something we are
                 -- every year, we are trying to improve on the dividend number. And lastly, on the buyback side

                                      Page 11 of 14

[page 13]
Moderator:                                                              Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Tushar:                                                                                                 July 16, 2026
Deepti Chugh:
Tarun Nandwani:  of it, obviously, we got that input, and we have given those input to Board. So obviously, we are
Tushar:          working on that.

Tarun Nandwani:  The next question comes from the line of Tushar from Shanghvi Family Office.

Tushar:          Hello. Hi, team. Am I audible?
Tarun Nandwani:
                 Yes, yes.
Tushar:
                 Yes, yes.
Tarun Nandwani:
                 First of all, congratulations to Tarun for taking a new role. I am new to the company. So maybe
Tushar:          a clarification will help. I just wanted to understand when we sell our products, we record our
                 license revenues in the sale of products or in the SaaS revenues. And are we seeing that the share
                 of license revenues versus non-license revenues that is, SaaS revenues, getting increasingly
                 bigger. So that's why it is having impact on our sale of products. I could see that we declined --
                 we had a decline in sale of products in FY '22. So just wanted to understand that.

                 Thank you, Tushar, for your best wishes. The license revenue majorly is from India and EMEA
                 region. And the mature markets are mostly subscription revenue. And whenever there is any
                 deal wins or deal closures delays in India and EMEA, it impacts the license. But the pipeline is
                 healthy, as I said, and we are expecting closure in the India and EMEA region. And the mature
                 markets continue to grow with healthy growth based on our subscription deals.

                 Okay. Okay. And the deals that we won in this quarter, when do we expect those deals to get
                 ramped up in the immediate or maybe?

                 See, the deals that we won in this quarter in India and EMEA, as we said, I think we won 2 deals
                 -- 2 large deals, which will materialize license plus implementation within 1 year and the others
                 continue as subscription, the implementation revenues also get recognized within 12 months
                 kind of time -- 12-months to 18-months kind of time frame.

                 Okay. Okay. And maybe this is more on a long-term vision that Tarun, you might have since a
                 new change in the management comes with the many white spaces that you might see in the
                 company, what is -- what are our maybe revenue or the profitability targets or directionally we're
                 thinking from next year's point of view?

                 See, our strategy has remained always to remain focused with customer success, all through our
                 success story, and we keep investing in innovation for our growth plans. So we keep investing
                 in vertical products as well as horizontal products. And from the financial point of view, we try
                 to maintain consistency and the business has resilience that even with lesser growth, we are able
                 to deliver the margins that we plan to deliver. So that is the nature of the business that keep
                 continuing in innovation and keep investing with customer success.

                 Okay. Any challenges in the demand environment that you are seeing?

                                      Page 12 of 14

[page 14]
Tarun Nandwani:                                                         Newgen Software Technologies Limited
Tushar:                                                                                                 July 16, 2026
Tarun Nandwani:
Moderator:       No. The pipeline growth is healthy. So for now, our product lines are seeing good demand.
Shaurya Yadav:
Tarun Nandwani:  All the best.
Shaurya Yadav:
                 Thank you, thank you.
Tarun Nandwani:
                 The next question comes from the line of Shaurya Yadav from Growthsphere Ventures. Please
Shaurya Yadav:   go ahead.

Tarun Nandwani:  Am I audible?

Moderator:       Yes.
Deepti Chugh:
                 Sir, last time you mentioned that AI-led product pricing was still evolving and you guys were
                 working closely with the customers to arrive at a transparent pricing framework. Could you share
                 where you are in that journey right now? Have you finalized the pricing model? And what's the
                 customer response on it?

                 We have evolved the pricing model for our AI-led vertical offerings in the product. And it is --
                 see, it will remain work in progress. But the individual use cases, as I explained, in trade, in
                 insurance, in RMS, knowledge management product solutions, in ECM, the pricing is getting
                 established. And as we sell more the AI-led product sales, I think we will -- the pricing and the
                 acceptance from the customers will evolve and will settle down.

                 Understood, sir. And sir, second question from my side is how are you seeing the customer
                 decision-making evolve, especially in the BFSI sector? Because earlier, many enterprises were
                 in wait and watch mode because of the AI models and all. And additionally, with the economics
                 of AI interference [inaudible 0:48:03] customers now more confident than the [inaudible
                 0:48:10]?

                 See, there are many -- most of the central banks in most of the countries have come up with
                 some kind of AI regulations or regulatory compliance needs. And the experiments on the AI
                 technology has evolved to a level that customer is now ready to implement AI within regulatory
                 and compliance framework, which becomes a sweet spot for us that in the flow that we
                 implement for them, our AI offerings for classification and extraction for analysing and
                 recommendations, which comes with audit trail, which comes within the compliance framework
                 is acceptable to that for productionizing. So we are seeing deal wins, AI-based deal wins in these
                 product lines.

                 Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over
                 to Ms. Deepti for closing comments.

                 Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call, and thank you, ICICI Securities, for hosting the
                 call. For any further questions, you can connect with me or you can go to the website. Thank
                 you.

                                      Page 13 of 14

[page 15]
                                        Newgen Software Technologies Limited
                                                                       July 16, 2026

Management:  Thank you.
Moderator:
             On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and now
             you may disconnect your lines.

                         Page 14 of 14

