[page 1]
                     Quick Heal Technologies Limited
                  Q4 and FY’26 Earnings Conference Call

                                 May 22, 2026

Moderator:        Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Quick Heal Technologies Limited Q4 and
Hena Khatri:      FY’26 Earnings Conference Call.

 Kailash Katkar:  As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an
                  opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
                  assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*”, then “0” on
                  your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

                  I now hand the conference over to Ms. Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over
                  to you, ma'am.

                  Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Hena
                  Khatri from Valorem Advisors, and we represent the investor relations of Quick Heal
                  Technologies Limited.

                  On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's
                  earnings call for the fourth quarter and financial year ended 2026.

                  Before we begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's
                  earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements
                  are subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those
                  anticipated. Such statements are based on management beliefs as well as assumptions made
                  by an information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to
                  place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment
                  decisions. The purpose of today's conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness
                  about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.

                  Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call. We
                  have with us Dr. Kailash Katkar - Managing Director, Dr. Sanjay Katkar - Joint Managing Director,
                  Mr. Ankit Maheshwari - Chief Financial Officer, Deepak Jha and Sneha Katkar from the Strategy
                  Office. Without any further delay, I would request Dr. Kailash Katkar to start with his opening
                  remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir.

                  Thank you, Hena. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us.

                                       Page 1 of 8

[page 2]
Sanjay Katkar:  The revenue for us has remained stagnant over the decade and even degrowing for the last
                two years. Nearly Rs. 100 crores of profit that we used to post every year has eroded. In fact,
                we have posted Rs. 10 plus crores of losses this year. Adding further, this is the worst quarter
                in terms of profitability in the history of Quick Heal for as long as I can remember.

                I know you guys are curious to understand what is happening. The answer is simple, we have
                been transforming. The transformation from B2C antivirus company to holistic cybersecurity
                company. Serving consumers, enterprise, government, not like an English jargon, but
                transforming our products, transforming with rapidly changing cybersecurity landscape,
                transforming our target customer segment, transforming our business model, transforming the
                DNA of the organization to make this happen. The enterprise vertical which used to represent
                20% of our top line five years back has now become a major contributor to the business and
                now represents more than 50% not by default but by design.

                Why is this transformation required and how is it impacting us? We all know that globally B2C
                antivirus industry is struggling due to the industry headwinds and the degrowth. Many of the
                old companies which just focus on consumer business have perished over the years. More so
                recently due to the hardware price hike, we have witnessed a sharp fluctuation in the business.
                We are one of the few companies globally who have vision and made the transformation a
                reality and thus are able to stay strong but it demands patience, agility and investment. We
                have never shied away from it and have constantly invested in both R&D and sales and
                marketing over these many years. The degrowth in consumer business over the years has been
                compensated by the growth in the enterprise business. Based on the progress we are seeing,
                we believe we should be able to navigate these challenges of business degrowth.

                Over the next three to four quarters this enterprise business will contribute a major share of
                our revenue. I would also like to pass on the confidence that Quick Heal will continue to hold
                leadership position in the consumer segment as well. I envision to move enterprise vertical to
                represent close to 80%, 90% of the top line in coming next two to three years and I am bullish
                about the future even though the quarter and yearly finance results are not very encouraging.

                With this, I would now like to hand it over to Sanjay for further business updates.

                Thanks Kailash and very good evening to everyone.

                The cybersecurity landscape is undergoing rapid transformation driven by AI-led threats,
                increasing geopolitical tensions, evolving regulations and growing digital adoption across
                industries. Organizations today are no longer looking only for reactive security solutions. They
                are seeking predictive, intelligent and proactive cybersecurity capabilities. The cybersecurity
                industry today is dominated by vendors from the US and Israel.

                Page 2 of 8

[page 3]
However, with rising global polarization and cyber warfare increasingly becoming the first line
of attack and defense, we foresee a significant market opportunity emerging for us as an Indian
cybersecurity vendor. Throughout the year, we have clearly demonstrated our capability and
thought leadership across multiple instances.

During the multi-front digital assault under Operation Sindoor, Seqrite Labs served as a critical
defense centre for India's digital infrastructure, tracking and identifying over 650 coordinated
cyber incidents, including spear phishing, malware and DDoS attacks linked to 35 state-backed
and activist groups.

Our research teams also uncovered high-impact transitional cyber espionage networks. As
Kailash highlighted, we are no longer just an antivirus company. Today we are a trusted
cybersecurity expert with solutions spanning across endpoint security, AI-driven detection and
response, data protection and privacy, threat management, zero-trust security, mobility
management and specialized security services, all powered by Seqrite Labs, the largest
malware analysis facility in India.

Last year, we also launched digital risk protection services and ransomware recovery as a
service. We began onboarding initial customers within just two to three months of launch,
which reflects strong market acceptance and the growing relevance of these offerings. The
DPDP Act, which is similar in spirit to the European GDPR framework, has opened a meaningful
opportunity for us. We anticipated this shift several years ago and invested early in building in-
house products to help customers address evolving regulatory and compliance requirements.

I am happy to share that we have already onboarded several large BFSI customers and are
working closely with them in their compliance journey. We are also witnessing strong customer
interest and market pull as the government-defined compliance timeline approaches in May
2027. AI is now reshaping the cybersecurity landscape at an unprecedented pace. Attackers
are increasingly using AI to discover vulnerabilities, automated exploit development, and scale
attacks much faster than before. This significantly reduces the response window for defenders
and makes speed, intelligence, and automation far more critical than ever.

At Quick Heal and Seqrite, we are actively leveraging AI across threat detection, malware
analysis, threat intelligence, and response automation to enhance protection at scale. We
believe AI will not replace cybersecurity companies, but it will clearly differentiate
organizations which can adapt quickly from those which cannot.

Our focus remains on ensuring that our technology, research, capabilities, and innovation stay
ahead of this industry shift. With continued investment in AI-driven technologies, threat
intelligence, data privacy, and scalable global capabilities, we believe we are well positioned
for the next phase of cybersecurity growth and transformation.

                     Page 3 of 8

[page 4]
Ankit Maheshwari:  I would now like to hand over to Ankit for financial updates.

                   Thank you Sanjay and good evening everyone. Let me now take you through the financial
                   highlights for FY’26.

                   This has been a mixed year for us from a performance standpoint. While the enterprise
                   business delivered consistent growth, the consumer business continued to face headwinds.
                   Revenue for FY’26 stood at Rs. 261 crores compared to Rs. 280 crores in the previous year.
                   Deferred revenue stood at Rs. 34 crores as against Rs. 14 crores. Order book stands at Rs. 55
                   crores as against Rs. 6 crores in FY’25.

                   Let me now discuss each vertical in detail:

                   The enterprise vertical recorded consistent growth supported by a healthy build-up in deferred
                   revenue and the order book. During the year, we successfully executed the order relating to
                   cyber literacy received in February 2025 and secured an additional order relating to
                   implementation of integrated cybersecurity solutions worth Rs. 64 crores which is reflected in
                   our current order book. This further strengthens our confidence in the transformation to a
                   holistic cybersecurity solutions provider. This growth was largely driven by robust momentum
                   in the government segment.

                   While we continue to strengthen our government business and deepen penetration within
                   private enterprises, we have also begun making strategic investments in South East Asia,
                   Middle East Africa and Latin America to expand our market share as we saw initial successes in
                   these territories. We had onboarded marquee BFSI customers for our data privacy product last
                   year and this market opportunity has expanded meaningfully during the current year with
                   organizations increasingly prioritizing regulatory compliance initiatives.

                   Coming to the consumer vertical:

                   The consumer vertical continued to face persistent headwinds due to broader industry
                   slowdown. In addition, the IT hardware market witnessed significant price inflation of up to
                   400% during 2026 compared to 2025. As our channel partners operate across both hardware
                   and software segments, we observed an opportunistic and meaningful shift in their investment
                   focus towards the hardware business temporarily during this phase.

                   Overdues, which have historically remained elevated in our business, worsened further during
                   the year. Hence, we have tightened our control on the credit cycles with the partners, thereby
                   impacting our top line. We continue to closely monitor the situation with a clear priority of
                   bringing down the overdues. Having said that, we have long-standing relationships with the
                   channel partners and have witnessed and overcome such cycles in the business together in the
                   past.

                   Page 4 of 8

[page 5]
Moderator:         Our EBITDA for the year stood at negative Rs. 29 crores and was impacted by the decline in top
Devang Shah:       line. At the same time, our overall cost base remained largely flat, supported by multiple cost
                   optimization initiatives undertaken during the year.
Ankit Maheshwari:
                   I would also like to highlight that in line with our prudent accounting practices, all R&D
Devang Shah:       investments continue to be fully expensed off in the year incurred. PAT for the year stood at
Sanjay Katkar:     negative Rs. 11 crores.
Devang Shah:
Sanjay Katkar:     Our balance sheet remains strong and debt-free, providing us the flexibility to continue
                   investing in R&D and market expansion opportunities. As a result of our focused collection
                   efforts, our overdues have improved significantly, which was Rs. 167 crores at the end of last
                   year, had further went up to Rs. 176 crores at the end of H1, now stands at Rs. 138 crores.

                   Our cash and investments stood at Rs. 224 crores at the end of the year and Rs. 249 crores as
                   we speak. Quick Heal Foundation celebrated 10th anniversary, setting a new benchmark of
                   touching beyond 90 lakh lives to date.

                   With a strong foundation and a clear strategic roadmap, we remain committed to delivering
                   consistent and sustainable growth in the future. Thank you everyone for your time and
                   continued support. We will now open the floor for questions.

                   Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We have the
                   first question from the line of Devang Shah from Ant Financial.

                   The question is, this was the worst quarter we have ever seen in the company. In the next few
                   quarters also we are going to see some hiccups or is the phase coming to an end in the near
                   term?

                   So, Devang, thank you. In our commentary, we have clearly stated that this will be there for
                   some more time. But this is a transitionary phase. We are getting ready for the future. And this
                   will be there for maximum two quarters.

                   So, what are the plans for the AI adoptions?

                   What is the question?

                   What is the plan for AI adoptions? Is there any plan like we are going to adopt the AI on the
                   software basis or something like that for the expansion of the business or something?

                   So, I will say, for us AI is not a future roadmap. It is already being integrated into multiple layers
                   of our cybersecurity stack. We are using AI and machine learning across threat detection,
                   anomality, malwares classification or even response automation. So, at the same time, we are
                   also now adding AI capabilities into different cross functions. Not only product but also our

                                        Page 5 of 8

[page 6]
Devang Shah:       internal functions. So that is definitely helping us optimize cost and speed up our development.
                   So, cybersecurity domain as such is where we are, I will say AI is being used like anything across.
Ankit Maheshwari:  So, our approach combines AI with deep threat research, telemetry and human experts in
                   security. I will say accuracy matters more and that is where we have been using AI. In coming
Devang Shah:       quarters, we will be seeing a lot of optimization on that front.

Ankit Maheshwari:  Okay sir. And the last question from my side. Just want to know like on the revenue front, we
                   are going to see the drop over there or the drop over on the revenue front would not be so
Devang Shah:       much?
Ankit Maheshwari:
Moderator:         So, we would not be able to comment on this. But yes, our cost structure almost remains fixed.
Devansh:           60% is manpower cost and other cost is OPEX which is almost fixed. So, there will be some pain
Ankit Maheshwari:  on revenue especially in the consumer business.
Moderator:
Devansh:           And like if this year was like, the quarter was really very bad, so is there anything like the
                   management has taken over like for the remuneration cut or something or does the percentage
Ankit Maheshwari:  for the remuneration remain the same?

                   It remains the same. So, this is the transitionary phase where we believe that we will come out
                   from this comfortably. So, we are not taking any of those drastic steps. And as per the normal
                   process, we are going ahead with the plan.

                   Okay, that is fine. That is all from my side. Thank you very much.

                   Thank you. Thanks a lot.

                   Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Devansh from Quick Heal Technologies.
                   Please go ahead. Devansh, you may proceed with your question please.

                   I think there is some mistake. I am not from Quick Heal. I am from Eternal Capital. The
                   moderator might have written it incorrectly.

                   Yes, Devansh.

                   Sir you may proceed.

                   Yes. Okay. So, my first question was I would just like to understand what are the top growth
                   drivers that the management believes is going to take the company forward for the next, let us
                   say, three to five years.

                   Yes. So, Devansh, as we said that enterprise is the growth engine. And in that, especially the
                   new products which we have launched in the last two years, which includes EDR, XDR,Data
                   Privacy, which in my commentary also I spoke on that, that is both the rules and regulations

                                        Page 6 of 8

[page 7]
Devansh:           came in. That is another growth engine. Also, we launched DRPS and RRAS last year. So, these
Ankit Maheshwari:  are the three or four growth engines. Apart from it, we have a Make in India story where we
Devansh:           are looking for government business and international penetration as well.
Ankit Maheshwari:
Sanjay Katkar:     Okay. Understood, sir. And just what are the revenue splits you are expecting from these
                   particular segments? So across, what are your targets internally?
Devansh:
Sanjay Katkar:     So, we do not share these targets to the outside world. But in the commentary also, Kailash
                   Katkar said that in the two to three year time frame, our revenue from enterprise will go up to
Devansh:           80% to 90%. And we will continue to remain in our leadership position in the Quick Heal
Sanjay Katkar:     consumer business.

                   Got it, sir. And with this, all these data getting on the cloud, are you seeing any particular
                   traction from that particular segment? So, instead of hardware, a lot of this data is being stored
                   on cloud.

                   So, cloud adoption is increasing year on year. And in fact, in our presentation also, we said that
                   it is more than 30% now. So, cloud adoption is increasing.

                   And this is also helping us with respect to the DP solution that we have actually, data privacy
                   solution, is also making right sense because the data that is going outside the organization as
                   well as scattered across the organization needs to be monitored and controlled. So that is, I
                   mean, I would say cloud journey is like security plus data privacy, is something that really helps
                   us. And so for us as well, if you see our products, people, we used to have almost 20% of our
                   EPP and EDR solutions deployed on premises, on cloud two years back. But now that has
                   contributed 40%. So, cloud adoption in security solutions has also gone up.

                   Noted, sir. And just one last question. I just wanted to understand any sort of metric that you
                   would like to give. So let us say, cloud adoption increases by 20% in FY’27. What kind of metric
                   are you looking for if that industry gains 20%? What are you looking at? How would your line
                   segment grow?

                   So, see, as we have been telling that we have increased our number of offerings, where when
                   things like organizations going for cloud adoption, their attack surface increases. And that is
                   where our newer services like DRPS, Digital Risk Protection, as well as cloud-related offerings
                   like DTNA for accessing those cloud workloads, really make sense. And that is where these
                   solutions will have more traction as the cloud adoption increases.

                   Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.

                   Thank you Devansh.

                   Page 7 of 8

[page 8]
Moderator:         Thank you. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from
                   the participants, we now conclude the question and answer session. I now hand the conference
Ankit Maheshwari:  back to the management for the closing comments. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Sanjay Katkar:
Moderator:         Thank you. Thank you everyone for your time and continued support.

                   Thank you.

                   Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Quick Heal Technologies Limited, we
                   conclude this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
                   Thank you.

                   Page 8 of 8

