[page 1]
                  Quick Heal Technologies Limited
                 Q2 FY-26 Earnings Conference Call

                           October 16, 2025

Moderator:       Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '26 Conference Call of
Hena Khatri:     Quick Heal Technologies Limited, hosted by Valorem Advisors. As a reminder, all participants’
                 lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
Kailash Katkar:  after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call,
                 please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note
                 that this conference is being recorded.

                 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors. Thank you, and
                 over to you, ma'am.

                 Thank you, Sagar. Good afternoon, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name
                 is Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Quick Heal
                 Technologies Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating
                 in the company's earnings call for the second quarter and the first half of financial year 2026.

                 Before we begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's
                 earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements
                 are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those
                 anticipated. Such statements are based on Management's beliefs as well as assumptions made
                 by and information currently available to the Management. Audiences are cautioned not to
                 place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment
                 decisions.

                 The purpose of today's conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the
                 company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. Now let me introduce
                 you to the Management participating with us in today's earnings call.

                 We have with us Dr. Kailash Katkar, Managing Director; Dr. Sanjay Katkar, Joint Managing
                 Director; and Mr. Ankit Maheshwari, Chief Financial Officer. Without any further delay, I
                 request Dr. Kailash Katkar to start with his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir.

                 Thank you. Good evening, everyone. It's a pleasure to be here with all of you today and share
                 our performance for the second quarter of financial year 2026. I am happy to say that Q2 has
                 been a positive quarter for us. Both our businesses, Consumer and Enterprise segment have
                 performed well, showing the strength and balance of our overall portfolio.

                                      Page 1 of 16

[page 2]
Sanjay Katkar:  It was a good quarter for our Consumer business as Q2 traditionally has been such due to
                seasonality, supported by our resilience effort and continuous trust that customers and
                partners have in the Quick Heal brand. The Enterprise business continued to grow steadily,
                driven by strong partners, innovative product launches and strong traction across key customer
                segments. This balance performance reflects the steady progress we have made towards
                building a strong future-ready cybersecurity company that serves both individual and business
                with equal focus. We also continue to invest in innovation this quarter.

                Through our partnership with BHASHINI, where we are bringing data privacy solution in 22
                Indian languages is a proud step forward. We also onboarded our first customer for our data
                privacy solution, which helps Enterprise meet Indian new data protection requirements.

                I am also proud to share that our effort has been widely recognized. Seqrite was named
                Cybersecurity Service Provider of the Year, and Quick Heal won the Leading Cybersecurity
                Solution Brand of the Year 2025. This recognition reflects our team's hard work and shared
                vision.

                Beyond business as a responsible organization, we continue to drive social impact and have
                touched more than 68 lakh lives throughout the year. It's a small but meaningful way of helping
                citizens stay safe in digital world.

                As we move into the second half of the year, we do so with confidence and clarity. We have
                heavily business pipeline, a growing international presence and a strong team that continues
                to drive our vision forward.

                Before I close, I want to thank all our shareholders, customers, partners, employees for their
                continuous trust and support. It's your confident that motivates us to keep growing, innovating
                and delivering long-term value.

                I will now request Sanjay to take you through the strategic and operational update. Over to Mr.
                Sanjay.

                Thank you, Kailash. And good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Let me take you through a quick
                summary of our progress during Q2.

                Global cybersecurity world is changing fast, and more companies are adopting AI, cloud-based
                security and data privacy solutions. Against this backdrop, Quick Heal and Seqrite are well
                poised with a complete range of security products and services. We are growing across 3 focus
                areas: maturing our product range, reaching bigger customers and entering new markets.

                Page 2 of 16

[page 3]
Ankit Maheshwari:  On the product side, we are investing into solutions that bring together different security tools
                   under one platform. For large enterprises, we see a good initial interest in products like our
                   data privacy solution and threat intelligence platform.

                   Seqrite Labs unmasked GrassCall campaign of hackers behind job recruitment, cyber scams and
                   presented its paper on silent link uncovering on cyber espionage campaign in Central Asia at
                   an International Virus Bulletin Conference in Berlin.

                   On the consumer front, we continue to build awareness and trust. Regional campaigns in Tamil
                   Nadu, Maharashtra and festive activities across the country helped us connect more deeply
                   with our users and partners. Our goal remains simple to make cybersecurity easy, effective and
                   accessible for everyone. We have a strong road map ahead, and we are confident of continuing
                   this positive momentum through the rest of the year.

                   I will now hand it over to Ankit to share the financial highlights.

                   Thank you, Sanjay. Good evening, everyone. Let me now take you through the financial
                   highlights for quarter 2 FY '26.

                   This has been a good quarter for us, with growth coming from both our Consumer and
                   Enterprise businesses. Revenue for the quarter stood at INR 83.5 crores compared to INR 57
                   crores in the last quarter and INR 73 crores in the corresponding quarter of the last financial
                   year, showing healthy growth, helped by seasonal strength in Consumer business and steady
                   demand in Enterprise business. International revenue continues with the growth momentum,
                   supported by good traction in Southeast Asia and in the Middle East.

                   Government business has also shown robust growth in the quarter gone by, reiterating the
                   trust and belief our customers have in us. Deferred revenue stands at INR 17 crores at the end
                   of quarter.

                   Our EBITDA margin improved to 11%, helped by revenue enhancement and better operational
                   efficiency. EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 9.2 crores compared to negative INR 9.7 crores
                   in the last quarter and INR 3 crores positive in the corresponding quarter of the last financial
                   year.

                   R&D investments are optimized this quarter. as we have started to leverage automation and
                   AI. We continue to invest in sales and marketing, strengthening our sales team to propel our
                   growth trajectory.

                   Also, please note that business basis prudent accounting policies, we expense off all our R&D
                   investments. PAT for the quarter stood at INR 8 crores. Our balance sheet remains strong and

                   Page 3 of 16

[page 4]
Moderator:         debt-free, giving us the flexibility to invest in R&D and market expansion. Our investments and
Ashish Soni:       cash balance stands at INR 191 crores as on 30th September 2025.
Sanjay Katkar:
                   With a solid foundation and clear direction, we are focused on maintaining this momentum in
Ashish Soni:       the second half of the year with our focus on driving predictable and sustainable growth across
Ankit Maheshwari:  both businesses.
Ashish Soni:
                   Thank you, everyone for your time and continued support. We will now open the floor for
                   questions.

                   Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. (Operator
                   Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Ashish Soni from Family Office.

                   Sir, in terms of tailwinds, our government is promoting Zoho and others. So, are we seeing
                   tailwinds because of that, at least for Indian Enterprise customers willing to take our product
                   compared to like maybe foreign products?

                   Yes, Ashish, definitely, there is a scope out there and we are also working in that direction. Only
                   thing, things are moving slow on the government front. We have been showcasing what we
                   have. And in fact, a lot of government departments are already using our solutions. But the
                   kind of promotion that you talked about Zoho is something different that we need to work with
                   them to make sure that they also talk about it publicly. So, that's where we are working as well,
                   but it's like, I will say, working in progress.

                   And in terms of the R&D and marketing spend, when do you think it can like speak out? Or do
                   you think we will reach to like 20% sort of thing? Or just give us the direction because now I
                   know last 1 or 2 years, you have been spending a lot on that. So, just give us a color and any
                   growth aspirations also which you have at least in terms of revenue and...

                   So, Ashish, we don't give any guidance on the revenue. But in terms of R&D, in my speech also,
                   I said that there is a decline in R&D expenses. So, for the last couple of quarters, we were having
                   negative EBITDA. To address that, we have done some delayed hiring. But in addition to that,
                   more importantly, we are actually using AI and automation tools to optimize our cost. So, with
                   both these actions put together, we were able to save some cost on R&D.

                   And like in defense, like I think the geopolitical situation like defense, there are different camps
                   in the world. So, are we seeing any foreign business coming our way because of all these
                   geopolitics? Because take an example at least for Nayara, right, we have seen Microsoft
                   stopping the services and then I saw SAP stopping the services. So, are we seeing any such
                   threats from your perspective?

                   Page 4 of 16

[page 5]
Sanjay Katkar:      See, of course, threats, we are, in fact, quite actively Seqrite Labs is monitoring the threats and
                    also coming out with detailed reports and sharing it with the right authorities.
.Ankit Maheshwari:
Ashish Soni:        At the same time, on the product front and on the market front, what we are seeing there is
Sanjay Katkar:      quite good interest has been generated because of the geopolitical situation, even in India as
                    well as in regional areas like UAE and all, wherein people are interested to at least have a look
Ashish Soni:        at our products, understand our offerings. And that's where we are quite happy with that.
Sanjay Katkar:
                    At the same time, like things are going in the right direction, I will say. But nothing as such
                    immediate I can say on the front of revenue actually.

                    Just to add, this quarter, we have seen an uptick in revenue in our Government business
                    especially. So, this is one of the reasons where government is actively using our product.

                    Okay. And revenue guidance, I think I can understand. But in terms of aspiration because, again,
                    I was reading a lot of reports in terms of China, right, their homegrown applications or the
                    software are moving. I know India is a bit different. But with all this situation, do you think our
                    aspiration is to reach some target in like 5 years or 3 to 5 years, at least our ambition...

                    Yes, Ashish, see, of course, we always aspire that. And in fact, the situation since at least a
                    couple of years and now recently, more prominently, the geopolitical situations are really
                    helping us promote our views across different departments and verticals in government.

                    And we ourselves are quite sure and we are making sure that we will be the, I will say, top most
                    alternative for any MNC product that is being used across India on the cybersecurity front and
                    on the cybersecurity lab as well. And that's where we are also seeing a good traction. That's
                    why we also launched these 2 products last year itself, the threat intel, which is a kind of feed
                    that also can be incorporated into any existing MNC products that any of the government may
                    be using, but still wants to have an Indian or indigenous threat intel feed.

                    And we are seeing good traction on that front. And I am quite sure that we will be at a much
                    better position in at least a couple of years in that respect actually.

                    And in terms of this data protection policies like whatever government is coming up, do you
                    see a very big potential for us to scale that business in India specifically?

                    Yes. So, for that, I will say, that is something that will create a new market altogether for a
                    product like complying for DPDP, because see people have been using things in bits and pieces
                    like DLP solutions or something. But then this law is much more comprehensive and guidelines
                    are coming with much more details, wherein now there is a scope for a product like data privacy
                    product that we just launched, and we are seeing good enough interest, and lot of POCs are
                    happening.

                    Page 5 of 16

[page 6]
Majid Ahmad:    But then, of course, the law is still delayed. It's not yet completely implemented on the ground.
Sanjay Katkar:  So, people are waiting for that. But at the same time, certain organizations have already gone
                ahead and done POCs now planning or budgeting for that and one customer we onboarded,
                which we are happy.

                Now I will give you some idea with respect how it will go ahead. One, this product is a new
                product in the market and especially being targeted on mid and large organizations, not SMBs.

                There will be a period where the product will still need some maturity with respect to the
                expectations on the enterprise front and the offering that we already have. And that's the
                period we are entering into. We are already getting traction and suggestions as people are
                doing POCs.

                And as we cover the ground, and we will be in a much better position to address the DPDP-
                related compliance market, and I feel that it's going to be a big enough market for us to add
                revenue. But then it's all about like how things are moving and compliances are getting
                implemented.

                And we are working on both sides, like working from the compliance side, we are talking to the
                authorities at the same time, working with the consumers to make sure how they are looking
                at the offering.

                I do see there is a scope for even service on this front. But then we are shaping our product for
                the consumer at the beginning and then gradually see if there is a service need to be added to
                that product as well. So, we ourselves are into the learning cycle. But yes, I am very hopeful
                and positive about this product line actually.

                Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question is, sir, going forward, I am just trying to
                understand the clear levers of growth, especially in the Enterprise segment because
                considering the fact there is also much more need for government side of defense and other
                government enterprise require these type of high-end solutions as we go forward. So, just want
                to understand the levers of growth that you are looking to execute in the next 2 to 3 years.

                So, as we have been saying every time that for us, we do see enterprise as the vertical that will
                add more revenue to us in the next couple of years. In that Enterprise front, we are already
                having our flagship product that is EDR, XDR, is contributing more than 90% of that revenue.
                And the newer products that we launched in last 2, 3 quarters have started bringing revenue
                as well.

                Along with that, with the latest products that we launched, the STI and SMAP, we are seeing
                good enough interest by the enterprises into these products as well. Along with that, we do
                see good growth should happen in Government business because we are being invited and we

                                     Page 6 of 16

[page 7]
Majid Ahmad:        have been demonstrating a lot to the government department. Only thing is since these things
Sanjay Katkar:      are like big ticket, they are taking some time, they are taking time for decisions, but we do hope
                    for getting good entry into that vertical as well.
Ankit Maheshwari:
Majid Ahmad:        So, I do see good enough potential for our enterprise products in mid-market and government
Ankit Maheshwarir:  segment as well.
Sanjay Katkar:
Majid Ahmad:        And may I know the potential that you are looking at, like the TAM you are looking to hit in the
                    government sector, how big it can be in terms of the opportunity size?

                    See, on government, there are multiple channels. One is like see state governments have a
                    different traction with respect to that and central government has a different requirement
                    altogether. So, we are present in both the fronts.

                    But in terms of volumes, see, I say government itself is not releasing the figures, but they are
                    budgeting for cybersecurity. See, the budgets that they are currently, they are increasing them.
                    But we are not having the figures in mind.

                    So, all put together, over the 2 to 3 years, our SOM be around INR 4,000 crores as a total
                    market, and we want to grab as much as possible. And we've been in the right position being
                    Make in India. And the preference being shown to Make in India is what we want to grab as
                    much as that pie from that market actually.

                    And Majid, we have always said that the focus area for the company is enterprise going
                    forward. And with so many new products, especially Make in India, etc, benefit, government is
                    going to be a key lever along with international geographies.

                    Sir, and secondly, I just want to know like currently, as I see in your balance sheet, the
                    investment around INR 179 crores in mostly natural funds, any plan to redeploy it in any sort
                    of M&A or any acquisition targets you have for growth?

                    So, over a period of time, we continuously evaluate all the options which we get. And at an
                    appropriate time, we will update basis the guidance from Board and then update the investors
                    as well.

                    But yes, we are actively looking. In fact, a lot of decisions do happen regularly. And these things
                    are like something that we want to make sure that they align with our plan or vision and the
                    road map that we are planning, the kind of customers we are already targeting and the gaps
                    that we are seeing in our product. So, that's where we are looking the right fit. So, of course,
                    we will be using those funds as and when required, and we will be informing to all the investors
                    well in advance.

                    And sir, finally, I just want to know like about the appointment of the CEO, any plans on that?

                                         Page 7 of 16

[page 8]
Kailash Katkar:    So, CEO selection is in process. Once he is appointed, you people will automatically get to know
                   because we need to immediately inform to the stock exchange. So, a lot of interviews are
Majid Ahmad:       happening, and it will get closed soon.
Sanjay Katkar:
Deepak Ajmera:     Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. And all the very best.
Ankit Maheshwari:
Sanjay Katkar:     Thank you.
Deepak Ajmera:
Sanjay Katkar:     Thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is regarding the repeat customer rate. What is
                   our repeat customer rate?
Deepak Ajmera:
Sanjay Katkar:     So, we generally don't disclose it. But since you've asked it, it is in the range of 80% plus for our
                   enterprise customers.
Deepak Ajmera:
Sanjay Katkar:     For more Enterprise customers, it is close to plus, minus 80%. For Consumer, it is close 30%,
Deepak Ajmera:     35%.
Sanjay Katkar:
                   Got it. And we have launched some new products for AI-banking, banking related fraud. So,
                   what is that, anti-fraud.ai?

                   So, that's a B2C product. So, it's a consumer product, which we are focusing on protecting
                   consumers from the frauds that are happening on the phone mostly. So, that's the product.
                   And we are inventing new and new features based on the kind of fraud that are happening into
                   that product. And that's like we are using our channel partner for B2C to distribute that
                   product. At the same time, app store is the one area where we distribute that product to the
                   customer side. Yes.

                   Got it. So, that product needs to be installed into mobile phone or what?

                   Yes, yes. It's a complete phone-based protection. We do have PC-based as well, but that we
                   are bundling with our Quick Heal Total Security for the frauds that happen on the PC. But then
                   mobile is the one that is more focused for fraud because mobile-based frauds are completely
                   different. And AntiFraud.AI, that is there for Android and Apple phones as well. And
                   AntiFraud.AI for PCs is bundled with our Quick Heal Total Security, which is for PCs actually.

                   Does it bring any kind of slowness to phone?

                   Can you repeat your question? I am not able to hear you.

                   Slowness.

                   No, no, not at all. We do benchmark ourselves while we release a newer version every time.
                   So, it doesn't impact your battery performance or the phone performance at all. Yes.

                                        Page 8 of 16

[page 9]
Deepak Ajmera:     Okay. Into Consumer segment, at how much premium or discount we sell our product in
Ankit Maheshwari:  comparison to the competitor?
Sanjay Katkar:
Deepak Ajmera:     Sorry, Deepak, we are a premium product. Even if you go on the e-com website, you will always
Sanjay Katkar:     see that we have priced our product at a premium to McAfee and to other indigenous players.
Deepak Ajmera:     So, we are a premium product. And it may vary, depending upon the demand and supply. But
Karan Gupta:       we have classified ourselves as a premium service provider.

Sanjay Katkar:     Yes. Tentatively, something in the range of 15% to 20% is the premium that we command over
                   the competition.
Karan Gupta:
                   Got it. And lastly, our revenue seems to be stagnant since 2016. So, what is the outlook over
                   that?

                   As we say, we don't give any guidance, but the intent of we making so many investments in the
                   last couple of years is to take our journey in Enterprise to the next level. We all know there are
                   headwinds in the Consumer business. So, we are trying to hold our foot in the consumer
                   business at the current level. So, that's the overall thought.

                   Okay. Thank you.

                   So, my question is regarding the B2B side. We know that the B2C segment is facing headwinds
                   and let alone the government side also. So, I just wanted to understand here for the B2B side,
                   you guys are also working for the Tier 1, Tier 2 IT services companies or what’s the competition
                   there. Is that, those companies are making or outsourcing their cybersecurity systems in-house
                   or they are outsourcing? And what's the position in the B2B side you have as of now?

                   See, Karan, our enterprise solutions, we are more prominently focused on mid-market and
                   SMB. So, SMB is our strength right now, and our maturity has gone to the level where we are
                   now entering the mid-market as well. Mid-market when I say, it's like organizations who have
                   more than 1,000 endpoints, less than 5,000 endpoints, so somewhere that.

                   So, IT services or these GSIs are not our target. We are not focused there. Our focus is more
                   towards particularly these mid-market organizations who are not having cybersecurity, I will
                   say, maturity, and they are looking for XDR solutions and XDR, EDR or firewall kind of solutions.
                   In that we are focused on our XDR and ZTNA products and zero-trust products to sell them.

                   So, why in this segment you are focused on, why not in Tier 1 IT services companies? Because
                   what I can imagine is that the market in the Gen AI segment where these kind of companies
                   are heavily investing on, will be much larger than what you are seeing. I mean just the rationale
                   behind what you are focusing on basically and whatnot?

                   Page 9 of 16

[page 10]
Sanjay Katkar:     It's not like that we are completely defocused on that. The thing is we have worked with them.
                   We have tried out there. The thing is the requirements and the expectations from that markets
Karan Gupta:       are different, wherein there's a lot of further investment needed into the products and that we
Sanjay Katkar:     are gradually maturing our products to make sure that they also can be plugged into their back-
Karan Gupta:       end system where they can provide our products to their customers.
Sanjay Katkar:
Karan Gupta:       And that's why in fact, you may be knowing a lot of people that we have at the senior level
Ankit Maheshwari:  have come from the services background and they do have a lot of good connects into the IT
                   services sector, and we have been talking to them.

                   But it takes time, these kind of things because the large enterprise or IT services, large
                   organizations their customers are mostly Fortune 1000 companies, where the requirements
                   are completely different. The product maturity and the investment to reach that level is quite
                   high.

                   So, what we are doing is we are on the ground, we are also strongly focusing on things where
                   we are having the strength, the kind of markets that the MNCs are ignoring like lower mid-
                   market, MSMEs where we are not at all focused and the markets are quite open. And our
                   products are more mature and easy to capture those customers, yes.

                   Okay. Okay. So, for MNCs, those markets are very small. So, that's why the focus is on that.
                   They are not clear to cater to that. But just one clarification, I don't know basically. In
                   cybersecurity, these large enterprises are making in-house or they are outsourcing the
                   cybersecurity platforms or maybe solutions?

                   No. No, we develop everything in-house. We have been in this business for 3 decades now.

                   No, not for you. The prospective enterprises. So, they are making in-house or they are
                   outsourcing?

                   So, it depends. Like see as I said, mid-market, they go for products, and they depend on system
                   integrators actually. And if you see large enterprises, they have a complete in-house team for
                   managing the whole operations and SOC operations, all that. But then mid-market and similar
                   organizations mostly depend on system integrators or MSSPs to complete their cybersecurity
                   readiness actually.

                   Okay. And just last one on the competition side. So, in India and globally, if you can just name
                   some of the large peers in India and globally? McAfee, I think everybody knows.

                   Larger peers. So, Norton, McAfee are competition on consumer side. But when it comes to
                   enterprise, it is SentinelOne, Sophos, Trend Micro, CrowdStrike. These are multinational
                   competition which we compete.

                   Page 10 of 16

[page 11]
Sanjay Katkar:     And in India, we pay pretty much same competitors actually. Yes.
Ankit Maheshwari:
Karan Gupta:       These are multinational competitors.
Kailash Katkar:
Karan Gupta:       Okay. You also said in the enterprise side Coforge.
Sanjay Katkar:
                   Sophos.
Karan Gupta:
Shubham Zope:      Okay. Just one, what's the differentiation that we can create as a solution for cybersecurity?
                   What kind of solutions we can provide them? Just the differentiation in the products, just
Sanjay Katkar:     wanted to understand this thing. So, how basically, the products are different…

                   Yes. Yes. See what I am trying to tell you is we do have a product management vertical, which
                   is more focused on one is like how we can compete best in the market with respect to the
                   product feature maturity, at the same time, bringing in the differentiators so that we can be
                   standing out in the face of competition and leading the way in certain markets. So, we do have
                   a team that is more focused towards creating differentiators in all our product line items. And
                   we already have such differentiators in our product line items.

                   Okay. Thank you.

                   So, my question is on B2C segment. For several quarters, our B2C segment, predominantly the
                   Consumer Business segment, has been degrowing. And you constantly communicated that
                   Consumer business you believe that it is in a structural decline or at least stagnation. And that
                   is the main reason you have gone for a diversification into Enterprise business.

                   And for this quarter particularly, you mentioned that a lot of your incremental growth for this
                   quarter came from tailwinds to the Consumer business. So, do you still believe that Consumer
                   segment structurally is on a decline trend? Or like how you see strategically the Consumer
                   business for you?

                   See, one is that we have to accept that Consumer business is definitely degrowing. And it's not
                   the situation only in India, it's the global trend that we are seeing. And that has been there
                   since almost a couple of years. But at the same time, the effort that we guys are putting on
                   trying to make sure whatever market share we have and the holding we have, we should be
                   taking advantage of that and making sure that we are still managing the whole market.

                   The good news is that we can see that among the decline, Quick Heal is having the lowest
                   decline in this, which is like we are able to hold quite well. The decline is lesser in terms of the
                   activation for us than any other competition compared to because we do that comparison
                   regularly.

                   Page 11 of 16

[page 12]
Shubham Zope:      But at the same time, I will also say that we cannot stay hand in hand. We have to see that how
Ankit Maheshwari:  can we revive that? Is there an opportunity or is there a possibility or a potential of doing that
                   with respect to the kind of changes that are happening in the market. And that's where we
Shubham Zope:      keep on coming out with newer approaches, newer ways to address the decline and also try to
Ankit Maheshwari:  make sure that we bring in the, I will say, turnback to that market.
Ashish Soni:
Ankit Maheshwari:  But with that process, at least in last quarter, we are able to hold the decline and remain, I will
                   say, flattish. But the way we are putting out with the schemes and pushing the partners to do
                   more sales is helping us to at least create more awareness for moving to a paid version, and
                   that's what we are doing.

                   And we hope that as you rightly said, structurally, it is being impacted, but then we are trying
                   to make sure that we don't remain in that market altogether only. So, that's why we are also
                   focused on Enterprise segment. But on the same front, we are giving as much as efforts on the
                   consumer to make sure we remain the market leader.

                   Okay. Okay. And last quarter, you mentioned that predominantly the revenue was impacted
                   by collection issues from some of the partners in consumer business. So, any update on that?
                   Are we still facing issues on collections or it is some bit elevated as compared to last quarter?

                   So, while, Shubham, partly this has been resolved, but there are still challenges. And hence, we
                   are cautious while doing our revenue.

                   Two things I would like to add. This quarter, while Sanjay has responded, there were seasonal
                   tailwinds. There were campaigns, there were back-to-school things, which have helped us in
                   getting a good amount of revenue. However, there are still some challenges, which are evident
                   in our receivables as well, which has gone up by about INR 15 crores in the current quarter.
                   However, we are confident that in the coming quarters, we will come out of this situation as
                   well.

                   Okay. Okay. Thank you. That were the questions.

                   Thank you.

                   Regarding R&D expense, what's the minimum level to sustain our business across both the
                   verticals, Enterprise and Consumer? And have we reached the peak of the R&D expenses,
                   whatever we have spent. Is the optimum we will like to continue sort of?

                   So, there is nothing called optimum, Ashish. I have in my speech also responded saying that we
                   have started using automation in AI, so that we get the best of the investments which we are
                   making on R&D. Having said that, in last couple of quarters, we are in the similar range of
                   around INR 30 crores to INR 35 crores in a quarter, which we are spending.

                   Page 12 of 16

[page 13]
Ashish Soni:       And while our revenue will be growing at a much higher pace as compared to the R&D
Ankit Maheshwari:  expenses, but we are committed on our investments in R&D as we go forward, and that is very
Ashish Soni:       dynamic. Unless we keep spending on our investments in R&D, we will not be relevant. And
Ankit Maheshwari:  that is the reason we have been doing it for the last couple of years.

Ashish Soni:       But what’s the fruits of this R&D because we have been spending and there is no revenue
Ankit Maheshwari:  generation, but Enterprise looks promising. Would you say the fruits will come in the next 1 or
Ashish Soni:       2 years at least better than what has been in the past?
Ankit Maheshwari:
                   Yes, that's the plan. So, I would not be able to give you the exact guidance. However, that's the
                   whole thought process while making these investments, and we should get this benefit. And
                   one more thing, as a prudent accounting policy, we are expensing off all our R&D investments.
                   So, we don't capitalize anything. And hence, there's a pressure on EBITDA while we are making
                   and working on our new products.

                   Okay. And in terms of marketing, because now we are focusing more on the Enterprise, so the
                   marketing is pivot towards that or it's like, again, proportionate to with consumer? Like what's
                   the split between the marketing for Enterprise and Consumer?

                   So, for Consumer, the marketing is very different. It has to be a mass marketing. But for
                   Enterprise, we are doing different events, SMB partner connects, so that we get the maximum
                   out of our investments in terms of engaging our partners.

                   In the current quarter also, we continue our investment in strengthening our sales team in
                   Enterprise, because as we go into the new product range, unless we have the right manpower
                   to sell it, it will not be successful. So, for the last couple of quarters, we are committing to
                   strengthen our Enterprise sales team.

                   Have we reached like in whatever geographies we are targeting, has our sales team reached
                   whatever you are planning and now it's more of mining and trying to make inroads into new
                   customers? Is that the fair assumption? Or do you think it will be more geography expansion?
                   Like where do we stand right now?

                   So, we continue to expand our geography, our reach, our segments, where Sanjay said that we
                   were focusing on SME and the mid-market and some specific products for large enterprises.
                   So, all those things will happen, and we have to continue our investment on sales and
                   marketing side. But it has to be linked with the revenue. Once we start getting the revenue, we
                   will keep on investing.

                   Okay. Thanks and all the best.

                   Thank you.

                   Page 13 of 16

[page 14]
Bhavin Vakil:      Thanks for this. So, I've been hearing more about Enterprise and Consumer business. So, just
Ankit Maheshwari:  wanted to understand what is the expected inflection point where Enterprise revenue takes
                   over consumer? And second question is currently, how many enterprise customers contribute
Bhavin Vakil:      more than INR 1 crore of revenue for us?
Ankit Maheshwari:
Bhavin Vakil:      So, I will not be able to give you an inflection point, when it will come, but I can tell you that 4
Ankit Maheshwari:  years back, our Consumer business was 18% and our Enterprise business 20%. But over the last
                   couple of quarters, now it is 60-40. In fact, it was 59% and 41%. That's what I recollect.
Sanjay Katkar:
                   So, we are continuously progressing the direction where very soon, our Enterprise business will
Bhavin Vakil:      take over the Consumer business. That is point number one. Sorry, there was a second question
Ankit Maheshwari:  from you.

                   So, I don't know whether I've seen it but just wanted to understand how many Enterprise
                   customers would approximately contribute INR 1 crore of revenue for us each year.

                   So, Bhavin, we don't disclose these numbers to the outside world, but we do have that level of
                   customers. That's all I can say.

                   Understood. No, no. Fair enough. And just one more question on R&D. I understand you've got
                   a lot of questions on R&D. Just wanted to understand what would be the steady-state margin
                   profile once the R&D is completed for us?

                   So, I just mentioned that in our business, R&D is the key, because the market is so dynamic, we
                   have to be a step ahead as compared to hackers. So, I can tell you that as the revenue will grow
                   in certain percentage, our R&D will also grow, but with a lesser percentage. However, the
                   investment in R&D will continue. and so with the sales. So, these are 2 pillars at which our
                   success will go.

                   Here, I just would like to add one thing that when it comes to cybersecurity, it is not a one-time
                   innovation. It is a continuous innovation because every day, there is a new challenge, new
                   problem, new attacks happening across the globe. And we have to be ready to protect our
                   customers, not only new customers, but even the existing customers. So, innovation doesn't
                   stop here. And when innovation doesn't stop, R&D cost will always continue what it is there.

                   Understood. And what are the risks for us for Enterprise customers, specifically when there is
                   some sort of a cyber hack, which happens like anything major liability for us? Or is it capped to
                   revenue?

                   So, again we do have all insurances in place, which covers us from any such type of risk. At the
                   same time, it depends on the contract from customer to customer. Sometimes it has been

                   Page 14 of 16

[page 15]
Bhavin Vakil:      capped to the revenue from that customer, sometimes it's capped to a particular number, but
Ankit Maheshwari:  we have covered it through various insurances.
Bhavin Vakil:
                   Understood. Thanks a lot for this. Thank you.
Ankit Maheshwari:
                   Thank you, Bhavin.
Bhavin Vakil:
Ankit Maheshwari:  Just one more follow-up question. So, we expect our TAM to increase from INR 1,800 crores to
Bhavin Vakil:      INR 4,000 crores. So, what would be the possible breakdown between Consumer, Enterprise
Ankit Maheshwari:  and Exports for us?

Bhavin Vakil:      If I recollect, the Consumer is in the range of INR 600 crores to INR 800 crores in this. So, out of
Kailash Katkar:    this INR 4,000 crores, you can assume that about 20% is Consumer and rest INR 3,200 crores is
Bhavin Vakil:      the Enterprise business.
Ankit Maheshwari:
                   Understood. And what percentage would be Export for us, like a rough idea, not…
Bhavin Vakil:
Ankit Maheshwari:  Sorry, can you come again?

                   I am saying what would be the exports.

                   We haven't been able to do the calculation. I am not able to give you. If you are asking our
                   share, it is in the range of 20%, right. I thought you were asking in the 4000 how much is
                   International.

                   Okay. So, 1,000 International, INR 800 crores would be Consumer and balance, sorry, I got this
                   wrong.

                   No, no. So, in my Enterprise revenue, 20% is coming from International. That is point number
                   one.

                   Okay.

                   In the INR 4,000 crores, the split is 20% Consumer and around 80%, which is INR 3,200 is
                   Enterprise. Now in that INR 3,200 crores, how much is going to be International, I need to check
                   and come back.

                   Got it. Got it. Understood. And in enterprise, what are our operating margins versus Consumer?

                   So, we don't disclose these numbers. But as we grow, as the number will go up, these margins
                   will certainly improve.

                   Page 15 of 16

[page 16]
Bhavin Vakil:      Understood. Understood. It's an internal call, but any specific reason for not disclosing
Ankit Maheshwari:  operating margins?

Bhavin Vakil:      So, we don't operate in 2 different segments. We are saying that both the businesses are
Ankit Maheshwari:  currently seen together. And the size of the business used to be very small, Enterprise business.
Bhavin Vakil:      As we grow in the level, we will try to share and give more information around the operating
Ankit Maheshwari:  margins for both businesses separately. But at this point of time, we are tracking it as one, so
Bhavin Vakil:      currently, this quarter, we had margins of about 11% EBITDA margin, but it varies in that range.

Ankit Maheshwari:  Sorry, how much approximately?

Moderator:         11% is the number for the current quarter. 11% EBITDA margin.
Ankit Maheshwari:
Sanjay Katkar:     EBITDA margin. Okay, blended one.
Moderator:
                   Blended.

                   Sure, sure. Yeah, thanks for this. I think going forward, if you can disclose these kind of
                   numbers, I think there could be more investor interest because I think at least for me, I think I
                   am not able to figure out specifically how to evaluate the company considering lack of
                   numbers. Thank you.

                   Feedback taken, Bhavin. But I can tell you that Consumer business, we are in an established
                   phase. So, the margins there are certainly higher as compared to Enterprise business. But your
                   feedback is taken, and we will try to give those inputs, additional numbers in the coming
                   quarters.

                   Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I now hand the conference
                   over to the Management for closing comments.

                   Thank you, everyone, and wish you a very happy Deepawali. Look forward. Thank you.

                   Happy Diwali to all of you. Thank you.

                   Thank you, Management. On behalf of Quick Heal Technologies Limited, that concludes this
                   conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.

                   Page 16 of 16

