[page 1]
                           Quick Heal Technologies Limited
                  Q3 and 9 months FY’25 Earnings Conference Call

                                     February 5, 2025

Moderator:        Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Quick Heal Technologies Limited Q3 & 9-
Nupur Jainkunia:  months FY’25 Conference Call Quick Heal Technologies Limited hosted by Valorem Advisors.

                  As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
                  opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
                  assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on
                  your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

                  I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and
                  over to you Maa’m.

                  Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur
                  Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. We represent Investor Relations of Quick Heal Technologies
                  Limited.

                  On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's
                  Earnings Call for the 3rd Quarter and 9 months ended of the Financial Year 2025. Before we
                  begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's conference call
                  may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risk and
                  uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such
                  statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and
                  information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any
                  undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The
                  purpose of today's conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the
                  Company's fundamental business and Financial Quarter under review.

                  Now I would like to introduce you to the introduce you to the management participating with
                  us in today’s Earnings Call and hand it over them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr.
                  Kailash Katkar – Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Sanjay Katkar – Joint Managing Director;
                  Mr. Vishal Salvi – Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Ankit Maheshwari – Chief Financial Officer of
                  the company.

                  Without any further delay, I request Mr. Vishal Salvi sir to give his opening remarks. Thank you
                  and over to you, sir.

                                       Page 1 of 13

[page 2]
Vishal Salvi:  Thank you so much, Nupur, and good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we
               discuss QuickHeal Technologies' performance for the 3rd Quarter of FY’25.

               Our Q3 performance has been below par largely due to our consumer and government verticals
               not performing to expectations. However, we are seeing a healthy pipeline being built up and
               hence we are confident of our outlook for FY’26. We are continuously working towards the
               pivot of the organization across three levels of products, solutions, and customers. I am pleased
               to share that we are starting to witness a successful execution of our strategic initiatives which
               have started to translate into a visible outcome such as key product launches, strategic
               collaborations, order booking getting created, and new product pipeline, etc…. Speaking on the
               product innovation and customer-centric solution aspects, in the third quarter, we successfully
               launched AntiFraud.AI, our groundbreaking fraud prevention solution with a nationwide
               marketing campaign. This demonstrates our thought leadership in the cybersecurity domain
               through innovative solutions to address critical cybersecurity challenges. With the ever-
               growing cyber fraud landscape, this becomes a timely solution for all Indian citizens to counter
               these threats effectively. Our strong product and R&D organization continue to deliver cutting-
               edge solutions.

               This quarter, we launched the Seqrite Malware Analysis Platform, what we call SMAP, and the
               Cyber Threat Intelligence Solutions with the first threat Intel order already secured. These
               innovations reflect our commitment to addressing evolving customer needs and staying ahead
               of the rapidly changing threat landscape. These solutions are created on the foundation of deep
               research at our Seqrite labs, creating a value layer for democratizing malware analysis and the
               cyber threat intel. Additionally, the recent release of the digital personal data protection
               provisions has created a good number of opportunities in the market interest for us. Our
               Security data privacy products are well positioned to capitalize on these regulatory changes,
               and we are already seeing an increase in customer interest and the RFP. The Seqrite endpoint
               security, our flagship product has achieved a prestigious AV test corporate endpoint protection
               certification, a testament to our excellence in enterprise security.

               Let me also share more on our journey towards catering to higher customer segments through
               brand and marketing, strategic partnerships and collaboration, and sales organization
               readiness. We launched the second edition of our Annual India Cyber Threat Report at the Data
               Security Council of India annual conference last year. This report provides critical insights into
               emerging threats and trends helping organizations to stay ahead of the curve. The report has
               been well-received by the customers for the last couple of years, as this is the only source of
               information related to India-centric cyber threat landscape. This quarter, we signed MOU with
               Banking Institute of Rural Development Lucknow to foster collaborative research and
               development in cyber security. These partnerships will enhance our capabilities in advanced
               threat detection and response, further solidifying our position as a trusted cyber security
               partner for the financial ecosystem. We also have existing MOUs with NFSU and IIM Nagpur
               for similar strategic collaborations. To support our growth ambition, we have onboarded key

                                    Page 2 of 13

[page 3]
Ankit Maheshwari:  hires in the mid-management roles, including regional sales directors, customer success
                   managers, and head of QuickHeal Academy. These strategic hiring will drive innovation,
                   customer success, and market expansion. We have initiated India-wide marketing campaign
                   for anti-fraud products to drive user awareness in this category. We are aggressively working
                   towards pruning and refining our strategy's basis with output and consumer feedback. As you
                   all are aware that cyber security industry faces a huge gap in the cyber security talent versus
                   the industry requirements, and this is widening on a day-to-day basis. There is a massive drive
                   of capacity building and awareness in a country driven by central and state governments to
                   bridge this gap. It presents a massive opportunity and rising demand for us being a cyber
                   security leader in this domain. As a result of this, we are seeing a good pipeline being built up
                   for our academy business, which will play an important role in our future growth. As we
                   progress to FY’25, our focus remains in simplifying cyber security for millions of customers
                   worldwide. With a strong emphasis on innovation, strategic partnership, and customer-centric
                   solutions, QuickHeal is well-positioned to maintain its leadership and global cyber security
                   landscape. Thank you for your continued support. With the pivot in transformation changes for
                   the organization, it does take time, but we are excited about the opportunities ahead and
                   remain committed to delivering value for our customers, partners, and shareholders.

                   Now, I turn over to Ankit Maheshwari – our CFO, to provide further details on our financial
                   performance. Ankit, over to you.

                   Thanks, Vishal. Our Q3 FY’25 Results highlighted muted performance in the Quarter alongside
                   structural shifts in our business, with a growing order book and building of deferred revenue.
                   Our consolidated revenues for the quarter stood at Rs. 71 crores, marking a 4% decrease
                   quarter on quarter and a 14% decrease on a year-on-year basis. As Vishal highlighted earlier,
                   the decline is largely due to headwinds in the consumer business and government vertical,
                   while the competitors in the consumer vertical have been struggling due to industry-level
                   degrowth. We have shown resilience against market challenges, thanks to all the initiatives
                   within the business that we have taken.

                   The government orders are pushed forward in timelines and have not been concluded yet.
                   Revenue for 9 months FY’25 stands at Rs. 214 crores, depicting a 1% year-on-year growth. The
                   split between consumer and enterprise business remains at 62% and 38% respectively. We
                   have made conscious investments in Horizon 3 product launches and the market launch of anti-
                   fraud products.

                   I am happy to state that we have launched the new product in the Horizon 3 category as we
                   had committed. While it might have impacted the profitability in the short term, which is Q3,
                   these are long-term investments made towards our growth story for the future. We follow
                   prudent accounting practices, expensing all R&D investments. EBITDA for 9 months FY’25
                   stands at 1.9 cr while the Q3 FY’25 EBITDA remains at negative 3.8 crores. Our PAT for the
                   quarter is 0.1 crore. I would also like to bring to your attention some key highlights as we speak

                                        Page 3 of 13

[page 4]
                   to you today. For the first time, our enterprise order book has crossed materiality and as on
                   date stands at 7.2 crores as against 35 lakhs at the end of Quarter 2. Our deferred revenue has
                   been gradually building up and we have added around 8 crores over a period of 9 months of
                   this year and stands at 10 crores at the end of Quarter 3. This enables us with higher comfort
                   and predictability in the business as we progress in further quarters to come. We are a cash-
                   rich company focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders. We remain committed
                   towards our vision of the transformational pivot of the organization. Beyond business, we
                   continue to make a positive impact through our Cyber Siksha for Cyber Suraksha initiative,
                   which has touched over 64 lives as on date. We recently hosted the Cyber Suraksha Awards
                   2025 honoring volunteering students, teachers and colleges for their contributions to cyber
                   security awareness.

                   With that, I would like to open the floor for the question-and-answer session. Thank you.

Moderator:         Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes
                   to ask a question may press “*” and “1” on the touchtone telephone. If you wish to withdraw
Mihir Manohar:     yourself from the question queue, you may press “*” and “2”. Participants are requested to
Ankit Maheshwari:  use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while
                   the question queue assembles. The first question comes from the line of Mihir Manohar from
Mihir Manohar:     Carnelian Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Ankit Maheshwari
Mihir Manohar:     I just wanted to check when we see the sales and marketing expense that is going to 23.7 crores
Vishal Salvi:      for the quarter versus 20 crores on a QoQ basis. So, is it that we have accelerated the S&M
                   cost, put some color on that. That will be helpful.

                   Yeah, thanks, Mihir. So, on sales and marketing, we have in this quarter launched our Anti Fraud
                   product. Because of that, there was some one-time expenses which we have incurred. Please
                   note that these are all budgeted in our budgeting exercise. Overall, we also believe that these
                   expenses will go more in the future because when we launch a consumer-type product, we
                   have to do a lot of awareness campaigns in the market.

                   Sure, understood and what would be the one-time kind of a number?

                   :  We don't disclose these numbers, but it was more than 2 to 3 crs.

                   Understood. Sure. Second question was just on the new product launches, Seqrite Malware
                   Analysis and Seqrite Threat Intelligence. So, if you can throw some light, some color, which are
                   the areas that we are trying to address? We know what kind of opportunities are here that will
                   be helpful.

                   Yeah, thanks, Mihir, for that question. So, Seqrite Malware Analysis Platform is actually a
                   solution which will help in organizations to do a deep analysis of any malware file through a

                      Page 4 of 13

[page 5]
Mihir Manohar:     full automation and it goes through multiple phases of review before you are able to give a
Ankit Maheshwari:  verdict, including dynamic and static analysis of the files. So, think of it like there is a huge
Moderator:         demand for malware analysis talent in the market, and there is very low supply and so, the only
Jalaj:             way to solve this problem is to democratize it by creating such platforms which are available.
                   So, this is actually one of its kind platform from India and there are multiple use cases in terms
Ankit Maheshwari:  of state government, central government, and large enterprises who would be actually using
                   this platform to have a tool available in their hands to do real-time analysis of the malware files
                   received in their organizations. So, we are extremely bullish about the prospect of its
                   consumption in all these opportunities that I just talked about and as far as the cyber threat
                   intel is concerned, it is something which is, again, actionable intelligence that we provide
                   through this platform for its consumption by enterprises, whether it is, again, government
                   bodies or enterprises. They can ingest these actionable intelligence into their security
                   operations center and able to actually immunize their computer infrastructure from threats
                   emerging from those threat actors. So, both these products are actually on the foundation of
                   our cyber threat research that happens out of Seqrite Labs, which is the largest malware lab in
                   the country and all of these have been created on the foundation of that research work that
                   we do.

                   One last question goes on the Deferred Revenue and Order Book. Is Deferred Revenue and
                   Order Book one and the same or are they different?

                   So, these are two different things. Order Book is, what we say, confirmed orders in hand, while
                   when we invoice it, it will either convert into the recognized recognition of the revenue or it is
                   being deferred. Does it make sense?

                   Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. Ladies
                   and gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. The next question comes from
                   the line of Jalaj from Svan Investments. Please go ahead.

                   Sir so, I just wanted to understand how should we read into the order book, as in, I hope these
                   are majorly would be or a major chunk would be from enterprises, but over what period of
                   time these need to be delivered? Because if I were to take a book to will ratio, it comes out to
                   be a very small number there, only 0.3 in terms. So, how should we read about it? Could you
                   talk about it?

                   Yeah, Jalaj. Thank you. So, while Mihir had the same question, but let me explain it again. An
                   order book is a detailed record of confirmed purchase orders, contracts in hand, mainly from
                   our enterprise vertical that have been formally agreed upon. In the history of QuickHeal, we
                   are first time showing enterprise order book, which is material now. Earlier it was not material
                   because in my earlier speech also I said that it is about 35 lakhs in Q2. These orders are yet to
                   be fulfilled and built depending upon the contract tenure, generally over a period of 1 to 3
                   years. This order book includes clients both from domestic as well as international customers.

                                        Page 5 of 13

[page 6]
Jalaj:             Sir, so just to add to it, so let's assume if I were to see the last year run rate or even this year's
Ankit Maheshwari:  run rate. So, we are sitting on a 30 crore enterprise revenue per quarter, that is broadly it has
Jalaj:             been. So, is it fair to assume that this order book is over and above that? Sir that is a normal
                   run rate.
Ankit Maheshwari:
Vishal Salvi:      In fact, both deferred revenue as well as order book is over and above that.
Jalaj:
                   Okay, so currently whatever we are booking into enterprises as a revenue was much more on
Vishal Salvi:      a short term basis. Is that a fair way to understand it or as in I am just trying to understand the
Jalaj:             current status quo in the enterprise revenue. How does that differ from the order book because
Vishal Salvi:      you said for the first time we have reached to a sizeable amount. So, currently if we are running
                   on a 30-40 crores, 30 crores run rate, quarterly run rate, that revenue is currently not on basis
                   of some sort of order book. Is that a way we should think about that?

                   So, whatever we are doing is the BAU. This is since we have started taking the material orders
                   and we are receiving material orders, we are trying to capture those material orders and have
                   been shown separately. Overall, this is in addition to what we are showing in the earlier
                   quarters and in this quarter.

                   So, in a way, Jalaj, what you are saying is right. This is over and above the run rate business that
                   we have right now.

                   Got it, sir and, sir, one more thing. So, we have been talking about that the sales cycle in
                   enterprises is a little longer and the first step is you do a POC with the enterprises. So, where
                   are we on those or could you give us, the best could be if you could give us some quantitative
                   number on to that as in where are we or how many places or enterprises are we right now
                   doing our POCs and some flavor on to what it would be last quarter or a year back. So, that
                   gives directionally where we are.

                   I think I can give you a slight color to that in the sense that our overall pipeline is healthier than
                   what it used to be. I think in the past one year our pipe has doubled. Similarly, our rate of POCs
                   and engagements with enterprises have also increased. So, that we are seeing a gradual,
                   regular increase in both of these activities for the enterprise business.

                   Okay. So, just trying to dive deeper. So, could you quantify some more color on to healthier
                   businesses? Because we have had first fruits of success in terms of order book that shows up,
                   but as in how far are we from that inflection point? I just wanted to understand that.

                   Yes. I think once you start looking at these, because these are the 2 parameters that we have
                   introduced additionally right now and henceforth we will be maintaining it, you will start
                   getting the good view about how that order book, deferred revenue and revenues are stacking
                   up. At this moment of time, we are not yet making our pipeline numbers public, comparative

                   Page 6 of 13

[page 7]
Jalaj:         as well as absolute. But maybe in future, we will look at that. But I will say that as you look at
Vishal Salvi:  us on a quarter-on-quarter basis, you will be able to see how that progress is unfolding.

Jalaj:         Understood and one last question. So, have you had some initial success in the DPDP Act
Vishal Salvi:  Implementation product for us? Because that is one product I guess we have been ready with
Jalaj:         that product and we have been very bullish about that.
Vishal Salvi:
Jalaj:         Yes. So, like I said in my opening remarks, basically we are seeing a good amount of interest
Moderator:     and traction coming up. We have also started bidding in large RFPs. We are also getting
Vimal Gohil:   shortlisted in some of them. So, that is a good progress for us but basically, like you also know
               that we are still waiting for the enforcement guidelines to come in. But we are starting to see
Vishal Salvi:  some kind of momentum towards bidding for RFPs and generating POCs.

               Understood and then currently on the enterprise, could you give us some flavor as to what sort
               of revenue does government form? I mean, what would be the split between businesses and
               government, B2G and B2B?

               See, broadly, what we have mentioned in past also is that our government business is around
               20% of our enterprise business. It has been sluggish for this quarter, but generally the run rate
               business is around 20% of the enterprise business.

               And that has been so in the past, let's assume for the past one, one and a half years, that is the
               way it has been?

               That's right.

               Got it. Thanks a lot and best of luck.

               Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital
               Management. Please go ahead.

               So, I just wanted to check, so what…I think what questions are arising of your order book details
               is that your current run rate, quarterly run rate of enterprises at about 25-30 crores versus an
               order book status of 7 crores and a deferred revenue of 10 crores. So, how does that match?
               Typically, when you have deferred revenues, this will be 1x or 1.1x of your revenue, of your
               total revenue, typically, for a product company. So, you know, how does that match work?

               So, Vimal, what I would say is that when so far, when you look at it, we had a run rate business,
               right, on a quarter-on-quarter basis. This is the first time we have been able to create… we have
               realized that the amount that is there in terms of deferred revenue as well as order book is
               material. This is all over and above our run-rate business, and that is the way you should look
               at it. So, far in the history of Quick Heal, we have largely been booking our numbers and
               showing, and these two segments did not have any material number for us to report. Given

                                    Page 7 of 13

[page 8]
Vimal Gohil:       that the way our business is changing, the way we are introducing new products, the way… I
                   talked about 3 launches already, right? I talked about Academy Business, I talked about Cyber
Ankit Maheshwari:  Threat Intelligence, I talked about SMAP, all of these products, you know, the revenue
Vimal Gohil:       recognition happens over a period of time, and as we start seeing the revenue accumulated
Ankit Maheshwari:  through these products, we will naturally start having these areas coming up together. So, the
                   current run rate business from all of the products will continue as it is. These are additions
Moderator:         which are coming up, which will start adding, and that is why we started publishing numbers
Arunachalam V:     as well. I hope that clarifies.

Vishal Salvi:      Yes, so basically what you are trying to say is, so about 28 crores of, let's say, annualized
Arunachalam V:     quarterly order book, or order book, right, versus a 120 crore of existing revenue. So, 120 over
Vishal Salvi:      and above, if you assume that there is, that your run rate business continues to remain at the
Moderator:         level at which it is, and you are able to 100% execute your order book, you are looking at a 120
                   plus a 28 crore of revenue for FY’26. Is that the correct math?

                   I mean, you can do, it is very simplistic math.

                   Yes, but this is what I'm understanding.

                   So, the reason why we are saying it is not that simple addition, because the tenures could be
                   different for the order book. It could vary from 1 to 3 years. For deferred revenue, it could vary
                   from one to three years, right? So, but largely what you are saying is correct. Order book as
                   well as deferred revenue is on top of the BAU business, what we have reported.

                   Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. The
                   next question comes from the line of Arunachalam V, who is a freelancer. Please go ahead.

                   I am very happy that your organization is leading the IT security solution space as a pioneer.
                   See, just wanted to know, what is your market share in the field? Be it Total Security, Internet
                   Security, Antivirus, what should be your market share?

                   So, we are a market leader as far as India is concerned in the antivirus consumer space. Our
                   current market size is around between 35 to 40 percent as compared to our competition.

                   Thank you very much, sir. In all your segments, you operate, right or is it in any specific?

                   This is specifically for our consumer antivirus.

                   Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Navya Gautam with Sicomoro Advisors.
                   Please go ahead.

                   Page 8 of 13

[page 9]
Navya Gautam:      I just missed the introductory part of the call. So, I just wanted to ask one thing that there was
Ankit Maheshwari:  an increase of 23 percent ROI on general admin expense. I would just like to know what is the
                   major driver in the expense rise?
Navya Gautam:
Ankit Maheshwari:  Thanks, Navya, for this. So, this was a sluggish quarter for us and due to headwinds in our
Vishal Salvi:      consumer business, we were not even able to make the planned collections. So, as per the
                   accounting standard, we have to make a provision for doubtful debts of about 2 crores. Please
Moderator:         note this is just a provision and there are no bad debts. But since we have to follow the
Amit Agicha:       accounting standard and we have to make a provision of about 2.5 crores.
Ankit Maheshwari:
                   Okay and why was the reason for revenue decrease in the consumer segment? What was the
Amit Agicha:       reason for this downfall in revenue for the consumer segment?
Ankit Maheshwari:
Amit Agicha:       So, we were facing some headwinds and because we were not able to make the collections,
                   there was pressure on revenue also. So, we were not able to build it.

                   But Navya, I think broadly, if you look at the antivirus consumer business, globally as well as in
                   India, there has been a de-growth. Overall, there has been a de-growth. QuickHeal has been a
                   market leader in India, as I mentioned earlier in the earlier question. Secondly, we are working
                   on a flattish kind of revenue projection, and we want to keep the same thing for the rest of the
                   year as well. So, while overall as an industry, our competitors and everybody are degrowing,
                   we will remain flattish. But having said that, those headwinds are still relevant for our business
                   also and that is why we are seeing those headwinds and the growth challenges.

                   Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. The
                   next question comes from the line of Amit Agicha with H.G Hawa. Please go ahead.

                   Sir, my question was with respect to the cash flow situation like what is the expected cash flow
                   situation given the continued investments in research and marketing and are there any pricing
                   changes planned for existing products to improve the margins?

                   So, our cash balance is static as compared to the previous quarter. In spite of the fact that we
                   have made a commitment, we have made a Tier 3 data center in our Pune office where we
                   have spent a good amount of CAPEX. In spite of that, our cash balance is at the same level of
                   190 crores.

                   190, you are saying?

                   Yes. Cash and investment balance is 190 crores.

                   190, sir, any pricing changes planned for existing products to improve the margins?

                   Page 9 of 13

[page 10]
Ankit Maheshwari:  So, it is the market dynamics. Based on the competition and other factors, we keep on
Moderator:         reviewing it on a regular basis. And as and when required, we will do that course correction.
Amit Agicha:
Vishal Salvi:      Thank you. Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a
                   question. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. The next question
Amit Agicha:       comes from the line of Amit Agicha with H.G. Hawa. Please go ahead.
Vishal Salvi:
Amit Agicha:       Sir, can you share any details on the employee retention strategy, especially in R&D and sales
Vishal Salvi:      and how is the company addressing the talent acquisition and AI-driven cyber security?
Amit Agicha:
Ankit Maheshwari:  Amit, thank you so much for that question. See, our attrition is at an all-time low and within
Vishal Salvi:      that, it is much lower in our R&D team. So, we feel very comfortable in terms of how we are
Amit Agicha:       working with our employees. It is a very important aspect of our strategy. We measure our
Vishal Salvi:      employee engagement score year-on-year. This year also, the engagement scores are out and
                   they are slightly higher than last year. So, overall, that is also something which we track.
                   Building the right culture, right empowerment, giving our employees challenging activities and
                   tasks to do, all of that is part of our strategy to retain, reward, and recognize our employees.
                   So, we continue to have that focus. At the same time, whenever we are looking for talent from
                   the market, we have a very elaborate process of selection and identification and we benchmark
                   our competition with the market and we are very happy that we are able to attract very good
                   talent from the market across all levels.

                   Sir, may I know the employee count?

                   On an average, our employee count has been hovering around 1,000 for the last few years.

                   Okay, sir and can you share the percentage of revenue that comes from large enterprises,
                   clients versus the retail consumers?

                   Against the retail consumers?

                   Yes, the large enterprises and the retail, the buyers.

                   So, the split between consumer enterprises is 62% versus 38%.

                   So, 38% of our business is coming from enterprise and 62% from consumer market.

                   And sir, last question. How diversified is the company's client base to mitigate risks from
                   government spending cuts?

                   We feel very comfortable that we do not have any concentration risk from any one client and
                   it is very, very evenly and widely distributed across multiple customers.

                   Page 10 of 13

[page 11]
Amit Agicha:   And sir, any major customer wins or partnerships that will drive revenue in the next few
Vishal Salvi:  quarters?

Amit Agicha:   Yes, there is one which we just talked about in our commentary also that we have won a large
Vishal Salvi:  Threat Intel deal. We will be sharing the name of the customer in future, once we have their
               consent as well, because just recently, we have acquired. But I think, apart from that, we also
Moderator:     have one international deal for academy, which is again a large. So, yeah, I mean, we keep
Jalaj:         having multiple deals coming up on a quarterly basis.
Vishal Salvi:
Jalaj:         And sir, are there any revenue targets for the new cyber security solutions, like Seqrite Threat
Vishal Salvi:  Intelligence and AntiFraud?

Jalaj:         Yes, I think internally, we do have a very robust business plan and targets, which all our business
Vishal Salvi:  teams are still accountable for. We do not make these public as yet on a product by product
               basis. But we do have internal clarity in terms of what we want to do and how we want to have
               a business plan for each of the products.

               Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jalaj from Svan Investments. Please go
               ahead.

               In the current enterprise business, could you give the split across the various products? So,
               let's say, the informed security zero trust solution and we basically wanted to understand what
               has been split across the older products and the newer products.

               Yes Jalaj, thanks for the question. We right now do not make these splits public across our
               enterprise products. But as we grow and mature, perhaps in future, we will be able to do this.

               Some qualitative picture onto that, maybe not exactly, would be helpful there.

               I mean, at this point of time, I am afraid I will not be able to give you even a qualitative picture.
               But like I said maybe in future as we because these are all newly launched solutions. So there
               are early stages of their getting into the market. But, but you will get to see in terms of how we
               start announcing large deals in future. But I think in future, maybe we will start sharing that
               and making public. But right now, we don't.

               Got it and then one last point on the on the deal win, which is the order book you announced.
               Is it in I am assuming it is it from it is from the new products which have been launched as a
               horizon to what you have been talking about? Is that the right assumption?

               Your understanding is correct.

               Page 11 of 13

[page 12]
Moderator:      Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, you may press “*” and “1” and one to ask a question. The
Mihir Manohar:  next question comes from the line of me is Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management.
Vishal Salvi:   Please go ahead.

Mihir Manohar:  I wanted to understand the DPDP side. So basically, we have (Inaudible) 0:39:41.1, which is an
Vishal Salvi:   addressable area here. What all different products do we have to pick up this market and on a
Vishal Salvi:   broad cut basis, what could be the average deal size that we can have for this particular area?

                Mihir thank you for that question. See, I think, you know, you actually hit it spot on because,
                you know, DPDP is not only about the data privacy product that we have, but basically, cyber
                security products are foundational element to bring in the necessary controls which are
                required to achieve DPDP compliance. So, you know, our data protection products, our zero
                trust access products, our mobile security products, all of these are relevant solutions to
                improve the overall posture of privacy in a given organization. If you go by the global market,
                you find that whenever any large regulation such as DPDP has come into play, the overall
                spends have grown not only in the privacy space, but also in the cyber security space. So, we
                do expect that it is not only going to boost our data privacy solution, but it will also boost the
                other products that we have in our kitty. Okay. Now, in terms of the deal size is concerned, if
                you look at a mid-market kind of a customer, especially for DPDP compliance, the size of the
                deal can vary anything between 75 lakhs to 3 crores, right, depending on that. So, if you go to
                larger enterprise and that number will grow further. So, that would be typically the ticket size
                for a mid market to a large enterprise customer.

                Understood sir. So, this is basically for making the entries out of the piece. You landed 75 lakhs
                to 3 cr, and then maybe you expanded to different areas and that would be adjacencies, right?

                Yes. Okay. Understood. I just want to ask you on this DPDP, I mean, I went through the rules,
                but was not getting the penal provisions because, the penal provisions that were talked about,
                they were quite severe, but when I went through the rules, they were not that severe. So, I
                mean, any comment around that, that how quickly and to what all enterprises will be
                enforceable? Because the rules also have not mentioned what is the threshold limit to which
                these particular rules will be applicable?

                Yes, I think, see, the whole intention of the penalty is to motivate organizations to adopt and
                take these rules very seriously. Okay. It acts more like a deterrent than the intention is to
                actually penalize organizations. What we are given to understand is that, obviously, those
                organizations, large organizations, social media platforms who process personal identifiable
                information will actually be held more accountable for how they process and use that data
                versus a smaller organization, which does not process as much data and may not cause as much
                harm to the citizens of the country. So, they will actually calibrate the penalties based on the
                exposure and the size of the organization and the ability for them to invest in protecting that
                data. Having said that, I think the government of India is extremely serious about getting

                                    Page 12 of 13

[page 13]
Moderator:         compliance to the provision and so, any organization which has been found to be blatantly
                   ignoring and not following the basic hygiene that is required for cyber security or privacy would
Vishal Salvi:      perhaps fall in the category of getting penalized.
Ankit Maheshwari:
Moderator:         Thank you. A reminder to all participants, you may press “*” and “1” to ask a question. As there
                   are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to management
                   for closing comments.

                   Thank you so much for all of you who have joined today and asked very good, insightful
                   questions. Hope to see you again in the next quarter. Thank you so much.

                   Thank you.

                   Thank you. On behalf of Quick Heal Technologies Limited that concludes this conference. Thank
                   you and you may now disconnect your lines.

                   Page 13 of 13

