[page 1]
                  Quick Heal Technologies Limited
                  Q1 FY’26 Earnings Conference Call

                             August 08, 2025

Moderator:        Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call of
Nupur Jainkunia:  Quick Heal Technologies Limited hosted by Valorem Advisors.

Vishal Salvi:     As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
                  opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
                  assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on
                  your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.

                  I now hand the conference over to Ms. Nupur Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and
                  over to you ma’am.

                  Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Nupur
                  Jainkunia from Valorem Advisors. We represent Investor Relations of Quick Heal Technologies
                  Limited. On behalf of the Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the
                  Company's earnings call for the 1st Quarter of Financial Year 2026.

                  Before we begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in today's
                  earnings conference call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements
                  are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those
                  anticipated. Such statements are based on management's belief, as well as assumptions made
                  by and information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place
                  any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions.
                  The purpose of today's conference call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the
                  Company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.

                  Now, I would like to introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's earnings
                  call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Dr. Kailash Katkar –
                  Managing Director; Dr. Sanjay Katkar – Joint Managing Director; Mr. Vishal Salvi – Chief
                  Executive Officer; and Mr. Ankit Maheshwari – Chief Financial Officer.

                  Without any further delay, I request Mr. Vishal Salvi to give his opening remarks. Thank you,
                  and over to you, sir.

                  Thank you so much, and good evening to all of you. I am Vishal Savi – CEO of Quick Heal and
                  thanks for joining me today. I want to walk you through the Quick Heal Technologies Limited

                                       Page 1 of 9

[page 2]
Kailash Katkar:  Q1 FY’26 update. FY’26 Q1 was softer than expected, and we faced some headwinds, especially
                 in our consumer business, and few key enterprise deals got deferred, which impacted our near-
                 term revenue. But, I want to emphasize that these challenges don't define us. Instead, they
                 have strengthened our resolve. We have doubled down on building out our partner ecosystem
                 and accelerating the adoption of next gen cyber security solutions. These are foundational
                 steps that will pay off over the coming quarters.

                 Innovation is at the core of what we do. One of the highlights for this quarter is the launch of
                 Anti Fraud.AI freemium. Introducing a freemium model lets us accelerate adoption among
                 consumers by lowering the barriers. It's a way to build trust and expand our user base, which
                 will fuel future opportunities. We also received analyst recognition for our Seqrite product. It's
                 always great to see validation from a global analyst firm and confirm that we are on the right
                 track with our enterprise security solutions. Beyond products, we are investing in deepening
                 our relationships with partners and consumers. We hosted a successful event in Bangalore tied
                 in with a focused data privacy awareness campaign. These efforts help us to build trust and
                 demonstrate our commitment to protecting customer data in a meaningful way.

                 On the marketing front, we launched 360 degrees brand advocacy campaign in Tamil Nadu. We
                 engaged over 100 micro influencers and leverage user generated content. This approach
                 creates authentic connections with local communities, which is crucial in building brand loyalty
                 and awareness. Starting this year, we are focusing on strategic expansion in select international
                 geographies. I am excited to report that we have roughly doubled our revenue year-on-year in
                 key overseas markets. This shows that our solutions resonate beyond India, and we are
                 successfully growing our global footprint.

                 To support our partner led growth, we brought on board a new Vice President of channel and
                 alliance. Expanding our partner ecosystem is critical for scaling and having a strong leadership
                 in this area is a big step forward. Quick Heal Academy continues to capture key logos and we
                 did onboard a couple of marquee clients in this space. To wrap it up, Yes Q1 FY’26 presented
                 some challenges, but we are optimistic because of the strategic progress that we have made,
                 from the product launches to brand building, to expanding internationally and strengthening
                 our partnerships. Quick Heal is well positioned to deliver sustainable value in the fast-evolving
                 cyber security landscape. With this, I would like to invite our Chairman and Managing Director,
                 Kailash Katkar for our positioning in the cyber security landscape.

                 Thank you, Vishal, and good evening to all of you. Quick Heal has been my lifeline, what started
                 in a small shop with a simple mission to protect people from viruses and malwares has grown
                 over the last 30 years into one of the India's most trusted cyber security brand. Today, we
                 protect not just individuals but small businesses, large enterprises, government institutes and
                 many more. And we do this through solutions built right here in our own R&D center and lab,
                 Seqrite lab, one of the largest in the country. One of the things I am most proud of is our
                 position as a trusted native cyber security provider. In today's world, digital threats are rising

                                      Page 2 of 9

[page 3]
Sanjay Katkar:     fast, especially with global tensions and complex cyber risk. Our role has never been more
Ankit Maheshwari:  important, our products don't just protect they help India stay digitally secure. We are aligned
                   with the Atmanirbhar Bharat vision.

                   Now, I know quarterly numbers can sometimes feel like a snapshot that doesn't tell the full
                   story, but cyber security isn't a short-term gain. It's a long-term mission, and we are in it. We
                   have a strong foundation, a deep talent pool of experts, a respected brand in the market, world
                   class infrastructure including our malware lab and the most important, the trust of millions of
                   customers. The demand for cyber security is only going to grow, and we are ready with the
                   right people, right technology and the right vision. Thank you for being with us. Your support
                   means everything. I would like to invite Sanjay to speak about our innovation that we are
                   driving at the Company.

                   Thank you guys. So, at Quick Heal our purpose ‘Innovate, Simplify and Secure’ drives every
                   aspect of our work. We innovate to stay ahead of emerging cyber threats, simplify complex
                   security challenges for our users, as well as businesses and enterprises and secure digital
                   environment across all its sectors. This vision comes to light through cutting edge platforms
                   like GoDeep.AI, an AI driven threat detection that continuously learns and adapts to identify
                   sophisticated attacks in real time.

                   Most recently, we have introduced SIA, Seqrite Intelligent Assistant as a part of our XDR, which
                   is extended detection and response platform. SIA acts as a contextual and intelligent assistant
                   helping cyber security teams interpret threat data, correlate incidents and respond faster with
                   actionable insights. By combining automation, threat intelligence and intuitive design, we are
                   making enterprise grade security smarter and more accessible. These innovations reflect our
                   ongoing commitment to protecting the digital world through technologies that are intelligent,
                   scalable and built for the future.

                   Further, our mission to make cyber security more inclusive and accessible we have also
                   partnered with Bhashini the national language translation mission. Through this collaboration,
                   we aim to deliver cyber security awareness and assistance in multiple Indian languages,
                   ensuring that language is no longer a barrier to staying secure in the digital world.

                   As we look ahead, we remain committed to building a safer digital future, one where security
                   is intelligent, intuitive and within reach of everybody. With this, I would like to hand it over to
                   Ankit to talk specifically on the financial performance of the quarter.

                   Thank you, Sanjay. Hello, everyone. I would like to walk you through Quick Heal’s financial
                   performance for Quarter 1 FY’26. The numbers reflect some challenges this quarter. I will also
                   elaborate on some important operational insights that can help us understand the Company's
                   strategic position.

                   Page 3 of 9

[page 4]
Moderator:         Starting with top line:
Jatinder Agarwal:
                   We see revenue declining to Rs.57 crores in Q1 FY’26 compared to Rs.70 crore and Rs.65 crore
                   in Q1 and Q4 of previous year respectively. This dip largely is a result of softer market
                   conditions in the consumer segment. Owing to overdue receivables and challenges we faced in
                   collections in earlier quarters, we have taken proactive measures to curtail invoicing this
                   quarter for few specific partners. Having said that, we have seen a positive trend in collections
                   in the month of July.

                   In the enterprise segment, we have seen deferral in few deal closures, resulting in a flattish
                   year-on-year result. The latest order of cyber literacy program that we had disclosed in May,
                   which is already reflected in our order book, has initiated in Q2 as the academic institutions
                   have just opened up. Moving to operating costs, overall expenditure has been consistent at
                   Rs.66 crores this quarter, the same level as Q1 last year. While the R&D spends are optimized,
                   our commitment to innovation remains strong, delivering cyber security products to protect
                   our customers against cyber-attacks. EBITDA for the quarter is negative Rs.9.7 crore. Profit
                   after tax for the quarter stands at negative Rs.5.5 crore.

                   To summarize, the financials reveal that we are currently navigating a challenging quarter,
                   marked by revenue softness and continuous investment in growth and innovation. Going
                   forward, the key focus will be on driving revenue recovery while managing expenses to improve
                   margins. I am confident this balanced approach will deliver better operating leverage and
                   create shareholders’ value. Thank you for listening. I would like to open the floor for the
                   question-and-answer session.

                   Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question
                   is from the line of Jitendra Agarwal from Relax Capital. Please proceed.

                   So just one thing, so this is on the B2B segment, or the enterprise business. So we have
                   consciously increased the addressable market that we have over the last 15, 18 months, and
                   to what I understand, the last thing was that last year March, the full stack was ready, but if
                   you look at the total addressable market that you have, and you actually look at the revenue
                   growth that you are actually posting in that segment, it is like single digits at best on an
                   annualized basis. So can you just explain where is the gap, are you missing out in terms of
                   people in sales who are able to push that product into the market, is it pricing that you get
                   priced out because of competition or is it something like execution that you are not able to
                   actually execute or implement whatever you would have done in terms of your strategy. So, I
                   want to have a more detailed understanding of what is going wrong in the enterprise business.
                   I am not so concerned about what is happening on the B2C business. That will help us. Thank
                   you.

                   Page 4 of 9

[page 5]
Vishal Salvi:      Thank you so much for that question, Jatinder. And see, one thing is you need to understand
                   the business. First of all, I wanted to tell you that from the way we are running this business,
Jatinder Agarwal:  we don't see any major things which are going wrong in our enterprise strategy, and I will tell
Kailash Katkar:    you why, one is that, as you rightly said, the full stack of all these new products was launched
Jatinder Agarwal:  and introduced somewhere last year. And a lot of this actually requires reach out and GTM for
Kailash Katkar:    it to start having inroads into the customer segment that we have targeted. Now, if you
Jatinder Agarwal:  remember one of those was related to our data privacy stack, and we were talking about how
                   we were launching and building it, and how we were obviously very aspirational in terms of its
                   growth. But unfortunately, because the guidelines have not yet been issued by the government
                   of India, we are still waiting. But having said that, the good news is that we have created a very
                   strong pipeline of data privacy deals. And I am also happy to share that we have won large BFSI
                   deal in this quarter. So, we have started to also now get into a winning position in the market
                   and that is a good news. So, while we were talking about it, now we have started to see that it
                   is getting fructified. Now overall, if you look at it from zero in terms of contribution for the
                   enterprise revenue, right now our new product segment stands at somewhere between 13%
                   to 15%, and that's a steady growth which has happened. But, if you look at our pipeline, we are
                   extremely bullish. All the foundations that we have put in place is now coming to bear, and we
                   have started to have good conversations. So, the last thing I wanted to say in this, that if you
                   look at any enterprise cyber-security business it has got a gestation period, and we need to be
                   committed to it for it to start reaping benefits. All the hard work that we have done is setting
                   up the foundation and we remain bullish, in terms of how we are going to grow in this market.
                   And also, very important aspect that you should know is that we have constantly grown of
                   course, if you look at quarter-on-quarter it is appearing to be flattish because some deals got
                   deferred. Otherwise, it would have been a very different story, but like I said, we have now
                   won a very large deal in the data privacy segment and good pipeline is there. So, we can start
                   seeing some growth coming up in the coming quarters. I hope that answers your question.

                   Okay. My next question is for Mr. Katkar. If you could explain now that Vishal is on his way out,
                   what is your thought process in terms of looking out for someone, are the promoters going to
                   come back into the business or do we again look back for our professional CEO?

                   So, as a part of our succession planning, the Company is currently engaging an active search for
                   a new CEO to lead us into the future.

                   So, the promoter family does not intend to come back. Is it?

                   Not as a CEO, because I am the Chairperson as well as the Managing Director. So, Managing
                   Director can manage in the interim period actually.

                   Okay. And is there any timeline, are you talking to some people, or is there any sense as to by
                   when you think you should be able to close, professional CEO?

                   Page 5 of 9

[page 6]
Kailash Katkar:    Whoever we might select, again it might take two to three months time as a notice period part
Jatinder Agarwal:  of it, we will try to close it as early as possible.

Vishal Salvi:      Perfect. And one thing I want to ask it is more on the business side. A large part of your
                   investments over the last couple of years have gone into creating this enterprise platform,
                   products whatever you may call and generally, in a product business, once revenues start
                   coming, we see a curve in terms of margin expansion. And if you go back, I had asked this
                   question say about two, three years ago also and the management this thing was that we will
                   have 50% revenues coming from B2C, and 50 from B2B. And I still remember asking the same
                   question, what if B2C decline, then we are effectively at the same run rate, which is what the
                   fear I had. And it seems to be translating into something like, if not exactly the same number,
                   but it seems to be exactly translating into something of a similar thought process. Can you give
                   a three year, five year thought process, this is what I think my revenues will be. This is what my
                   cost structure would be. Because otherwise it is all talks in terms of products, in terms of
                   strategy. How you are trying to get into that business, but on the other side, where you have
                   to monetize all that knowledge, we are lacking at least that is what I can make out as an
                   outsider, because we are investors and not really running the business. So if you can just help
                   us understand, I don't want any quarterly revenues this quarter, next quarter I don't care. If
                   you can show some thought process what it will be like in three years, five years. And let's this
                   time not discuss percentage. I want you to tell us this should be my ideal revenue run rate on
                   the enterprise business. This will be B2C, but B2C, I really don’t care.

                   Jatinder, Vishal here. The first important message is that this pivot, enterprise pivot was very
                   critical for the future growth plans of the organization. If we had continued with only consumer,
                   we would have been in a very declining situation as far as the business is concerned, the fact
                   that we have pivoted helps us to maintain, if not decline at least maintain our run rate, which
                   has been there for last few years. That's number one. Number two is, we have continued to be
                   in the investment phase on the products and solutions, which are very critical for enterprises
                   today. And yes, we haven't yet been able to demonstrate the growth that we are looking for
                   but, as you have seen for the last one year, we have been growing our team. We have been
                   doing multiple things to set the foundation for the future. Our new sales organization is fairly
                   young. Our head of sales has just finished one year in the organization, and these things have
                   taken big time for us to navigate the change and get everybody on board. That is what we have
                   been constantly focusing on. So, we feel very confident about the foundation that we have
                   created, and we have not deterred from investing. And it has to be a patient game in terms of
                   looking at how we can now use this foundation for the growth that we have anticipated. We
                   have never given a guidance as far as the future is concerned, what we have said is about how
                   we are investing for the future. So having said that, the leadership team, the promoters, the
                   board feel confident about the business model and where we are, and we will continue to do
                   that and we feel confident that in future, we will start showing the curve and the improvement
                   that you are actually talking about.

                                        Page 6 of 9

[page 7]
Moderator:         Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dewang, an Individual Investor. Please
Dewang:            proceed.

Vishal Salvi:      I just have a few suggestions and a technical question is, I have just recently started investing
                   as an individual investor in this Company, and prior to doing that, I was going through the
Dewang:            products to understand the quality and how good the products are. And the missing part, which
Vishal Salvi:      I felt, is I could not come across any videos on YouTube related to unboxing the product or
Moderator:         configuring it or how to install it. So, I believe something like a Quick Heal Antifraud is a product
Jatinder Agarwal:  similar to True Caller. And while configuring True Caller, it just took me about 15, 20 minutes,
Vishal Salvi:      and I was up and running and with something like Quick Heal, it's been almost six or seven days
                   I am still struggling in configuring the app and understand what the features of this app are So,
                   if the management could post more videos through the technical team on YouTube, since we
                   predominantly are into the B2C market, it would be a lot more helpful to promote these
                   products and sell them well in the market.

                   So Dewang, thank you very much for your feedback, and this is something which we have also
                   noted, because especially a product like anti-fraud is basically helping consumers to
                   understand all the risks which are there on their phone, existing on the phone, as well as those
                   which are coming from outside, and therefore there are certain privileges which are required
                   at the time of setting the application. And that can be little difficult for a normal user and that
                   is something which we have noted, and while we are also trying to improve that whole user
                   journey, so that experience of onboarding is simpler, your feedback is well taken. I don't think
                   we have right now created any videos related to unboxing. Apart from that, there are many
                   other videos that we have created, but we will definitely take your feedback and we will work
                   on expediting such videos as well.

                   None of the videos were useful to me as the end user, and I have reasonable experience in the
                   cyber security field to basically understand the product inside out.

                   So, your feedback is noted Dewang we will work on it.

                   Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jatinder Agarwal from Relax Capital. Please
                   proceed.

                   So, obviously the B2B business, or the enterprise business has been disappointing and you
                   yourself in your comments said that the pipeline looks interesting. I am not sure if I read
                   through the presentation. Is there any place that you disclosed what the pipeline looks like,
                   because if I am an outsider or an investor, I am actually just lost. I just don't have any idea how
                   the new revenue line or order book looks like. Can you share some qualitative aspects?

                   Jatinder, Vishal here. So, we have been disclosing order book for last 2 Quarters. So, the order
                   book that we have shared is Rs.24 crores. In fact, I should have told you earlier itself that it's a

                                        Page 7 of 9

[page 8]
Jatinder Agarwal:  very healthy order book and also there is a deferred revenue of around Rs.16 crores. So, we
                   have very good visibility, and this is already something which is in the hand. We don't, right
Vishal Salvi:      now, disclose our pipeline specifically in terms of numbers. Maybe in future, we could give
Moderator:         some guidance but right now, we don't. But I can tell you that the things that I talked about
Mihir Manohar:     earlier, and I am sharing it again now is that, it is improving, and it is looking healthy for us, and
Vishal Salvi:      it gives us confidence about our future.

                   So, exactly because it's a very classic B2B business, and we as outsiders are actually lost. So,
                   there has been a lot of data improvement over the last couple of years. This is something that
                   you should ideally discuss internally and disclose on a very regular basis. This is my order book,
                   this is the pipeline I am talking, at least we as outsiders will know that, it takes 12 to 18 months
                   for this to get either into your book or to go to a competitor, but at least we have something
                   to, basically what I am trying to ask is, I need to understand what this number will look like in
                   next two, three years, but the way the presentation goes, or the way the numbers go, actually
                   I am at a loss except for words or in terms of talks, there is frankly nothing that I can rely in
                   terms of numbers. So, we have, I can give you a couple of companies that are there who are
                   into product business, but they genuinely discussed. This is the pipeline which we are bidding
                   in. Now, whether I get the bid or not get the bid, or someone else will get it which is fine, but
                   at least as an outsider or as an investor I can do some probability that my last win rate was x
                   percent, my incremental win rate will be y percent, and then I can at least have some judgment
                   as to how that number looks like. Can you please discuss this internally, so that we as outsiders
                   have some comfort as to what that number on the B2B business will look like?

                   Yes, sure. Your feedback is taken on board Jitendra. But like I said, if you remember in previous
                   investor meetings, I had mentioned that, as we fine tune our metrics, we will start sharing and
                   that's when we started sharing our order book. So even in this investor deck, we have shared
                   our order book. And the next thing after that to mature is to give you more color in terms of
                   how the order book will get converted, and what is the time frame. So, we will definitely work
                   on that and improve and give more granularity in the coming quarters.

                   Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset
                   Management. Please proceed.

                   I wanted to understand on the DPDP side, what is the status in Parliament or on the judiciary
                   side or the legislative side, when should one expect the implementation to happen, why is it
                   taking so much time. And second thing was on the product side, when we see the product
                   offering over here, how do we see this product is there competition, overall or others are
                   providing products. And what is the strength of the product when we see the strength versus
                   the existing products, or the competition products?

                   Thank you, Mihir for that question. So the current status that I can share with you what we
                   understand is that, we are waiting for the final go ahead from the government. As you know

                                        Page 8 of 9

[page 9]
Mihir Manohar:   that government had issued a draft implementation framework for feedback from public,
Vishal Salvi:    which has been provided and now the final draft is with the government for them to issue it.
Moderator:       The good news is that some of the organizations are forward-looking and they have already
                 started their journey. They are not waiting for the act to actually come into enforcement. And
Vishal Salvi:    as a result, as I just mentioned to you the good news is that we have won one large deal with
                 an Indian BFSI client. And that gives us a lot of confidence and the client has got all aspects of
Kailash Katkar:  the data privacy life cycle, from data classification, identification, to consent management.
Moderator:       Now, as far as our product is concerned, we have used this time to invest and build more
                 features and functionalities into the product. So, the content management aspect which came
                 into play only after the act was introduced, is something which we have integrated in our
                 product during this period of time, and it's already now released and available for our
                 customers, and we already have our first customer. So, this is what we have been doing in
                 terms of using this time to continue to add more features and functionalities. We obviously are
                 betting big on this so that, because of the pipeline that we have created, we will continue to
                 have a good go to market for that. Now as far as the competition is concerned, there are
                 players, there are Indian players and there are global players. We feel very confident, the way
                 we have beaten other players global as well as Indian in this deal that we have won, we feel
                 confident that we will be able to compete in this market. And because it is going to be a very
                 large TAM, we will have a fair play as far as DPDP solution is concerned. So, all of these three
                 things are very critical. And like I said, some of the organizations who are forward looking are
                 not waiting for the act to come in. And we are already doing multiple POCs and proposals are
                 there, hopefully we will be able to close more deals this quarter as well.

                 Okay. And this deal is a tier one BFSI, or would it be tier two BFSI?

                 It's a tier one insurance Company.

                 Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to the
                 management for the closing comments. Over to you, sir.

                 Thank you so much everyone for joining us and asking us great questions, and have a good
                 evening. Thank you.

                 Thank you.

                 Thank you. On behalf of Quick Heal Technologies Limited that concludes this conference. Thank
                 you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line.

                 Page 9 of 9

