[page 1]
AUTOMOTIVE AXLES LIMITED 
Regd. Office & Mysuru Unit : 
Hootagalli Industrial Area, Off Hunsur Road, Mysuru – 570 018, Karnataka, India 
 
Telephone : 91-821-719 7500 
Email : info@autoaxle.com, Website : www.autoaxle.com 
CIN : L51909KA1981PLC004198 
ISO 9001:2015 / IATF 16949 : 2016, EMS : ISO : 14001:2015 & OHSAS : ISO : 45001 : 2018 
 
  
 
 
22nd May 2026 
 
The BSE Limited                                
            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                     Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G- Block                    
Dalal Street                                                            Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400 001                                                    Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 505010                                                Scrip Code: AUTOAXLES 
                                     
Attn: Listing Department 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Analyst / Investor Conference Call Transcript. 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated 14th May 2026 regarding Intimation of Analyst / 
Investor Conference Call and with reference to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A, 
Para 15 (b)(ii) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
enclosed herewith Transcript of Analyst/Investor Conference Call conducted to discuss on the 
“Automotive Axles Limited 4QFY26 & FY26 Financial Performance’ scheduled on 
Wednesday, 20th May 2026 at 09:00 AM (IST). 
 
The Transcription and Audio Recordings of the same is available on the website of the Company.  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Truly, 
 
For Automotive Axles Limited 
 
 
 
Debadas Panda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: as above 
 
 
DEBADAS 
PANDA
Digitally signed by 
DEBADAS PANDA 
Date: 2026.05.22 
17:59:12 +05'30'

[page 2]
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 20, 2026 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAGARAJA GARGESHWARI – PRESIDENT AND 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – AUTOMOTIVE AXLES 
LIMITED 
MR. RAMAN K. – INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– AUTOMOTIVE AXLES LIMITED 
MR. KISHAN KUMAR UDUPI – WHOLE-TIME 
DIRECTOR – MERITOR HVS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAILESH RAJA – 360 ONE CAPITAL MARKETS 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
. -. 
Autom.of ve Ax es Li ited 
Automotive Axles Limited 
ONE 
"° 
tt) 
C 
H 
O 
R 
L 
L " 

[page 3]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Automotive Axles Limited Q4 FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by 360 ONE Capital Markets Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference has been recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sailesh Raja from 360 ONE Capital Market Private 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes. Thanks, Swapnali. Good morning, and thanks to everyone who have logged into 
Automotive Axles' 4Q FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. From the management side, we have 
with us Mr. Nagaraja, who is President and the Whole Time Director of Automotive Axles 
Limited; Mr. Raman K., he's Interim CFO, Automotive Axles Limited; and Mr. Kishan Kumar, 
Whole Time Director, Meritor HVS India. 
 
So now I'll ask Mr. Nagaraja for an opening remarks, post which we will open for Q&A. Over 
to you, sir. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Nagaraja Gargeshwari, President and Whole Time 
Director of Automotive Axles Limited. As Sailesh mentioned, along with me are Kishan Kumar 
Udupi and Mr. Raman K. 
 
First of all, thanks to the strong market, as you're all aware, we are able to close FY '26 on a very 
high note. We were able to convert the demand and improve both the top and bottom lines. So 
what we'll do is, first, Kishan will take us through the market and how we are looking at it and 
followed by Raman sharing the results of Q4 and also the full year FY '26. And then we'll open 
up for the question and answers. Over to you, Kishan. 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
Thanks, Nagaraja. Good morning to everyone. Like all of us know, and I think I have been 
repeating this in the previous calls as well. The industry, especially in the commercial vehicle, 
about 7.5 tons. It's been on a tremendous ride for the last 3, 4 years. We have been seeing 
consistently 400-plus market since FY '23. 
 
And that continued and ended in even a better place now for the FY '26 full year with the market 
closing at around 480,000 vehicles it is 16% above FY '25. And the special note here is that Q4 
is a phenomenal number for the industry, each OEM crossing their own individual records and 
so did we, with our delivery and production during this quarter. 
 
And what we can probably make out of the last year was probably the GST cuts that happened 
later part of the year. And then the fleets, the large and small fleets trying to get the benefit out 
of it. The replacement cycle also kicked in a little bit earlier than the earlier predictions. So the 
fleet actually went ahead replacing the vehicle. So very positive sentiment overall and that 
showed up all the way to the last date of March. 
 
In terms of production and sales. And one more positive note here is which probably there will 
be questions later. We also converted a good amount of the new products that we launched 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 4]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
during the year and the ramp-up was pretty good done, and we were able to convert that as well 
at a very high success rate, I would say. So with that, probably I will hand this over to Raman 
for a financial summary. Thank you. 
Raman K.: 
Thank you, Kishan. Good morning to all the participants in the call. So I will take this 
opportunity to present the results for Q4 as well as the full financial year FY26. So from a top 
line perspective, we ended quarter 4 with a revenue of INR6,643 million, which is comparing to 
sequential quarter, we were up by about 18%. And year-over-year also, I think we had a similar 
growth of about 18.5% -- 18.7%. 
The other income is about INR55 million. That is kind of lower when compared to last quarter 
given the geopolitical situations and the interest rate cuts that happened in the market. So we -- 
our investment income was slightly lower in the quarter. But nonetheless, I think most of the 
investment income are in the recovery stage at this point as we speak. 
And moving down, so when compared to the material cost, I think we had a total material cost 
of about INR4,518 crores -- sorry, million, which is at about 68%, which has slightly improved 
year-over-year. And this is in line with the new business model as well. The employee benefit 
expenses stood at INR473 million at 7% on revenue, which is kind of mostly flat when compared 
to sequential quarter. The finance costs and depreciation are more or less in line. 
The depreciation is slightly up because we had some of the investments that kind of got 
capitalized in the last quarter. So there is a slight increase in the depreciation when you compare 
to the sequential quarter. The other expenses stood at INR880 million. So I think that is again 
slightly up. Obviously, there is a variable portion in that other expenses as well. So that is the 
reason it has moved up. Otherwise, all other fixed expenses remain quite stable. 
So that leaves us with a total EBITDA of INR825 million, which is about 12.4% on the revenue 
for the quarter ended Q4. And there were no exceptional item. We had reported some exceptional 
item in the last quarter. For this quarter, we don't have any exceptional item. And that leaves us 
with a PBT of about -- PBT is at INR723 million at about 10.8% -- and our PAT stood at INR539 
million at 8% PAT -- sorry, at 8% PAT -- at 8%. 
So when you compare this over the last Q4, like Q4 of last financial year, I think we ended up 
with a similar PAT of about 8%. So, I think in terms of profitability, we have sustained the same 
level of profitability, though we had the cost structure from last year to this year significantly 
varied due to the reasons that we explained in the last quarter. 
And coming to full year, the revenue overall for the financial year '26 was INR21,777 million. 
And the total income, including the other income, which is the investment income is INR22,099 
million. There is a 5% overall growth in the revenue year-over-year. And when comparing -- 
when coming to the cost structure, I think our metal cost for the current year stood at about 
67.5%, close to 68%. 
I think we are fairly stable and we have been improving year-over-year on the metal cost front. 
Employee cost stood at INR1,592 million at about 7.3%. So we had a lot of expenses this year. 
We had the workmen settlement that happened in the last quarter, as we explained in the last 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 5]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
investor call. So that had an impact. So that is a onetime settlement for the next 4 years. So that 
has an impact. So that -- so from last year when compared to previous year, it has kind of gone 
up from 6.7% to 7.3%. 
And our total other expenses, which is the next significant item is about INR3,106 million at 
about 14.26% on revenue. So as I said, there is a variable portion in the new business model. So, 
I think fairly -- I think it is in line with the revenue that we had over the year. Overall, our 
EBITDA for the full year is at INR2,692 million at 12.4%. And then we had the exceptional 
item, the annualized impact what we discussed last time of about INR120 million. 
Netting of that, our EBITDA stood at 10.6% for the year. When you compare to previous year, 
we had 10.1%. So we are about 40 to 50 basis points above there. And the PBT for the full year 
stood at INR2,198 million at 10% and our PAT for the full financial year was INR1,643 million 
at 7%. 
So -- and when coming to the cash flow, I think the major significant highlight that I want to 
give an update is on capex. So when compared to last year -- sorry, in the last financial year, we 
spent more than INR70 crores of capex. So whatever investments that was committed, most of 
-- about 60% to 70% was spent in the last year. And instead of all that, we were able to generate 
net of investments, INR30 crores of cash that we have generated in the last financial year. So 
that's the financial update. I'm happy to take any questions. 
I'll hand it back to NG and Kishan for any other comments. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin with the question and answer session. We take the first question 
from the line of Samarth from Janak Merchant Securities. Please go ahead. 
Samarth: 
Sir, so we have changed the sales agreement. So as per the new sales agreement, we pay technical 
fees to Meritor HVS. So can you share how much percentage of the sales we are paying to them 
now? Because you had mentioned that you will come out with this number somewhere around 
Q2, but we are yet to disclose the number? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Raman, would you take that? 
Raman K: 
Yes. I'm just giving that. So see, overall, see the technical fee is anywhere in the range between 
4% to 4.5% depending on the mix of revenue that we have. So I think that's the broad percentage 
in which the technical fee operates. I hope that answers your question. 
Samarth: 
Sir, and in the last year in Q4 FY25 call, we had mentioned the aspirational target of INR4,500 
crores to INR5,000 crores top line over the next 4 to 5 years and you had mentioned that exports 
would be a key lever for this strategy. So can you talk more about exports? And now considering 
that U.S. Class 8 is also recovering and European markets are also stable. So do you expect that 
we see a significant growth in exports going forward? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
I can take it. This is Kishan. Thanks for the question, Samarth. Yes, in the long run, if you ignore 
the current -- the temporary situation that we have seen in the U.S. with the tariff, I think in the 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 6]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
long run, the visibility is still to accumulate a good export orders and this is also part of our 
global supply chain strategy. 
So the investments that we are doing in AEL, whether it is for the capacity or to bring more 
robust process, that is all in line with the demand that we have in the export and domestic market. 
So overall, as you rightly mentioned the forecast with the domestic market growth, export and 
all other initiatives that we are taking up, the top line should grow in the order of rough order of 
INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 crores with export being a large -- better than the current 
contribution what we have today. 
Samarth: 
Sir, will this be limited to subsystems or we will go for completely assembled axles only in 
exports? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
Samarth, I think we have answered this in the past. So the product line as such in Europe and 
North America don't allow us to supply the fully dressed axle because the products are different. 
So it is largely going to be limited to the assemblies, subassemblies and probably child parts.  
And also in all those regions, there is a requirement to customize the end product to meet the -- 
those regions OEM requirements, just like how we have a customization. So that also limits the 
export content to -- or scope of export to the extent to the drive, what we call the subassembly 
and maybe some child parts. 
Samarth: 
Got it, sir. Sir, and like earlier we had mentioned in the existing production facility that we have, 
we can do somewhere around INR2,700 crores in sales. And now we are -- since we are doing 
the capex, so is this capex target or we need to spend more? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
I'll take that, Nagaraja here. So again, it all depends on type of product mix that we are looking 
at. Currently, what we are looking at trying to understand or forecast the peak market demand 
and then putting up enough capacity to that. And there will be one more set of investment is 
going to come in next 6 to 18 months' time. With that, we will be having enough capacity to 
meet our aspirational top line. 
Samarth: 
Sir, can you -- like how much will be spent in this new facility or the new capacity creation? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes. Again, I think at this point of time, it will be a little bit challenge for us to forecast what it 
is because we are -- like Kishan mentioned, we are looking at the needs of both the domestic 
customer and export opportunities. Based on that, we may have to come out with the overall 
plan. That is what we are kind of working on in next like 6 to 12 months. And then once we 
finalize on our next set of capex, we'll be sharing with all of you. 
Samarth: 
Sir, last question from my side. We were having another three products like the slipper 
suspension, the off-highway axle, which were also where we had good growth plan earlier and 
even the ICV axles. So what is the status on this? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
Let me take that question. This is Kishan again. So coming to off-highway, we do have sustained 
the business over the past several years with this customer. And apart from that, we are closely 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 7]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
monitoring the off-highway industry. And the products we have in the global portfolio, they are 
very unique to those regions. 
So India is very unique. So for that matter, it is still a very close watch and plan your long-term 
strategy. Right now, the current product portfolio, what we have is what we are supplying. And 
coming to the slipper suspension, we are still supplying that to our largest customer with a 
different arrangement where we have handed over the supply chain under an agreement so that 
it is easier for them to manage because it has to be closely associated with the chassis or the 
assembly line. 
So both the businesses we continue to pursue and the last question was ICV. ICV is typically 
not a very strong hold for us globally as well. We do have products which we continue to 
improve and supply to the same customers. And for us, the core is the heavy-duty market, which 
is where our largest portfolio and the product the launch that we have done in the recent past. So 
that remains our focus. 
Samarth: 
Got it, sir. Sir, is there any situation where we are not able to supply enough demand means 
because of our capacity constraint in the domestic markets? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
So I'll take that. Like I mentioned, we foresaw that the kind of product mix is going to probably 
limit our ability to serve the market. And that's the reason we initiated it about 12 months ago. 
At this point of time, unless the market really goes beyond the volumes what we have seen in 
the last Q4, I don't think we have any capacity constraints at this point of time. 
Samarth: 
Got it, sir. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of N Modi an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
N Modi: 
Sir, my question is regarding capacity utilization at what percentage of capacity we are running 
our plant at the moment? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
So the last quarter, when I look at it, it was over 90%. 
N Modi: 
And presently, sir? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
The last quarter, we almost 90% of our capacity. We are really doing at the peak of our capacity. 
N Modi: 
Last quarter, we are talking -- at the moment, sir, in the month of April, May, what we are doing? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Pardon me, could you repeat? 
N Modi: 
In the month of April and May, what we are doing? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
So April and May, again, the market has softened a little bit. We are still -- we generally operate 
somewhere between 70% to 80% of the capacity. So that's what we'll be looking at. But again, 
it will be very difficult to look at one particular month. We should be looking at a broader horizon 
because the capacity on a particular day, a week or a month, it will be completely misleading. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 8]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
N Modi: 
Okay. Sir, by what time our capacity is expected to be completed with capacity enhancement? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
So as we committed to you, the Phase 1 and I would say, Phase 1 and 1A, that's what we call is 
that capacity will be completed by end of December '26. And then that's what we were telling to 
earlier question that in next 6 to 9 months, we'll be coming and forming up our next phase of 
capex -- capex investment based on both the domestic and export market outlook. 
N Modi: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Lakshmi Narayan from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
My first question is that in terms of the current supply to the... 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt in between Mr. Lakshmi Narayan, you were not audible. Could you please use 
your handset mode and speak? 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
My question is that currently, after the technical fee agreement, now we would directly supply 
to the OEs or Tier 1s, right? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes, your understanding is correct. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Yes, both in exports as well as in domestic? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Yes, the second question is that, see, I've been told that -- I may be wrong, please correct me. So 
I have been told that there is a transition towards tractor trailers. And if that happens, there is -- 
the axle, there is the usage of axles will also come -- I mean, multi-axle trucks would actually 
come down because of the tractor trailer. If that is the case, does it -- how does this positively or 
negatively impact us? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
So let me take that. This is Kishan here. Thanks for the question. You are right. There is a very 
clear trend for the last couple of years where we see the proportion of tractor trailer, specifically 
4x2, that is on the increase. And in fact, we were expecting this, anticipating this even before 
the trend started happening because this is a very typical trend we have seen in the global 
markets, and we had always the product ready. 
 
So the product that we launched, the 185 a couple of years ago and which we are now ramping 
up significantly, that is to cater to this heavy-duty tractor trailer market. What it means to us is 
where there were rigid or the rigid multi-axles, that proportionately will reduce, but then the 
tractor trailer will increase. 
 
So it will be a cannibalization of some of the products that we have in the rigid axle, multi-axle 
rigid axle rigid vehicle platform, getting into the 4x2 tractor trailer. And this product, what we 
have launched with one customer like 3, 4 years ago, now we have launched with all our major 
customers. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 9]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
And that is probably the highest axle number of -- in terms of capacity also that we are creating 
and expecting that this trend will continue for some time. But on the other side, there is enough 
headroom in the industry where even the multi-axle rigid vehicle will also grow. 
 
So if you have seen any of the forecast, we are expecting the overall TIV by '29, 2030 to be 
500,000 plus, which means there is enough headroom for each of those platforms also to grow, 
which is a positive news for us because we have every segment covered with our portfolio. I 
hope that answers the question. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Yes, yes. And so which means that it is not deflationary for you as for example, the last 
concluded year or the year forward, it has not been deflationary for you in terms of the -- your 
components that actually goes into these vehicles, right? Am I right? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
You are right in a way because we have a product available and it's not a loss of business for us. 
But on the -- if you take a pure number of axles that we produce because the configuration 
changes from a multi-axle to a single axle, that will bring the number of axles down, but not at 
the cost of loss of business. It's a continuation of business because we have the products 
available. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Got it. And the other thing which I observed is that at least for the last 1 month or the last 2 
months, there has been an increase in steel prices and all the metal prices in general. How that 
is actually impacting us? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
I'll take that. Probably, Raman, you can add to that. We always have a back-to-back agreement 
with most of the customers when it comes to commodity changes. And this is a standard 
industrial practice. There may be a little bit of a lag or lagging in that adjustment. But definitely, 
the business is always protected and it is a standard industrial practice. 
Raman K.: 
Just to add to that, our financial results are already trued up to the last increase. So I think we 
always take the provisions and the settlement may happen later, but the financials are completely 
protected for any markets. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Okay. So does it mean that since our fixed costs are there, this inflationary thing will be more 
contributing to our bottom line, right? Is that how it is if there is inflation is secular for the next 
9 -- 6 to 12 months? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Maybe I will just take it, Raman again, probably add to this. See, if you really look at our 
operational efficiency, there is always a focus on improving the productivity and then at the 
same time, also growing our top line. And thereby, we protect our bottom line. And even in 
cases, as you can see in the Q4, we also improve it. 
 
So while there is always an inflation, if you look at the last several years of our results, we have 
been able to always bring in the efficiency and then productivity improvements and both in 
internal operation and from our supply chain. So we always have to work on that, and that is one 
of our strength. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 10]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
We've been doing a good job, and we are very confident going forward also, we'll be able to take 
care of that any potential inflation and then also offset it by our productivity improvements. And 
one of the reasons for the capex improvement is not only to add in additional capacity, but also 
to bring in the latest technology and efficient equipment so that we are always improving -- 
focus on improving our bottom line. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Got it. Sir, just one more question, if I can squeeze in. You mentioned that as an industry, we 
are clocking more than 400,000 per year. And so 2 questions. So is it right being so cyclical as 
it was because this is something which I heard from one of your OEs also saying that rating 
industry is not very cyclical in the last 3, 4 years. 
 
And second, as we look ahead in the current year, the demand continues to be strong. That's 
what I could hear from your first few statements. Can you just help me understand or dwell 
deeper into these 2 obsessions? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
Okay. Let me take that question. This is Kishan. What you have heard about the cyclicality being 
more, I would say, narrowed in terms of the peaks and valleys, that is true. And the numbers are 
in front of us. So the year we came out of COVID, FY '23, we had a 37% growth, and we crossed 
400,000 for the first time after COVID. 
 
And then from there onwards, it's always -- the variation is within the 5% until last year. So last 
year, we saw -- last year, this is FY '26, we saw a significant growth of 16%. And this is expected 
to continue because there is consumption. There is rural consumption. There are very clear 
indicators, whether it is GDP, IIP. So it is going to continue. 
And whoever the OEM partner, it is not just one. I think most of the OEMs are expecting this 
year, FY27, should also be a good year. So when I say good year, it is 400 plus, but whether it 
is 420, 450, 480 that is probably too early to say because if you look at FY26, nobody forecasted 
480. It was around 450, 460. So there is always a room to cross I would say, the average of last 
4 years. 
Lakshmi Narayan: 
Thank you sir. I will go back in queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Radha from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. Please proceed. 
Radha: 
Hello sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mrs. Radha, I request you to please use your handset mode and speak. 
Radha: 
Yes. Sure. So sir, my first question is, I understand that while our focus has always been in 
MHCV, but since the company had entered into LCV, ICV segment a few years back, so can 
you give us some sense from the next 3 to 5 year perspective on your thoughts on expanding the 
addressable market available for the company by launching products, more products either in 
LCV, ICV and if possible in SUV also in the future? 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 11]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
Sure. Thank you for the question. This is Kishan. So what we have been doing consistently in 
the past several years in terms of our product strategy that is aligned with how the industry is 
moving and where our core strength lies. And globally, it is in the US, if you have to talk about 
the US market, it is Class 8. 
And Europe, it is heavy-duty axle and heavy-duty vehicles. And even in India, we are in the 
same for. And this is what differentiates us from the competition. So we will continue to do that. 
All our product launches are focusing more on the medium and heavy-duty and more so in the 
recent part on the heavy duty. 
Having said that, we already have enough products in the ICV, LCV where we strategically want 
to play. And we necessarily don't want to go beyond a certain GBW or GAW level because that 
requires a lot of investment in the plant and the return on that investment may not be as good as 
in our core business. So for that purpose, product strategy and our supply chain and capex, that's 
always been focused more towards the heavier side of the industry. 
Radha: 
So what percentage of your revenue is coming from LCV, ICV currently? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
Raman, do you want to give an answer to that? 
Raman K: 
Yes, Kishan. So LCV, ICV, it's a very small portion of the revenue that we have. Maybe I would 
say somewhere in the single digits at this point, maybe low, less than 5%. 
Radha: 
Understood, sir. Sir, secondly, since India is a cost-effective production and a lot of auto 
ancillary companies are keeping India as a production hub to export to their group companies 
and the margins are, in fact, better in the exports market. 
So considering that we have Meritor as a partner, so currently, what percentage of overall sales 
is exports to Meritor Global? And do you see this as a big opportunity going forward? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
Yes, I can take the second part of it. Yes. I think we answered that partially in one of the earlier 
questions. Export is a growth area for us, and it is part of the global supply chain strategy as well 
to make sure that all the investment that we are doing is utilized to the best of its capacity. 
And even the answer to what extent we can grow in the export is basically the product portfolio 
that are common today. And there are also opportunities depending on how the domestic market 
behaves in the future. Right now, even though we are talking about 500,000 plus if there is a 
downside, we always have the ability to do the global products. So that is already plugged in our 
manufacturing strategy. 
Radha: 
Understood, sir. Sir, lastly, I understand that you already have e-axles as a product already ready 
with you for many years now. So can you give us some sense on how the content per vehicle 
increases on an average if you compare it with the conventional ICE axles? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
Let me answer this question again. The technology or the architecture that we have in the e-axle 
that is an add-on to the traditional mechanical axle. That means what we are currently 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 12]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
manufacturing in terms of the mechanical parts, gears and other things plus the electric motor 
and other electronics, power electronics. 
So it's always an add-on. Now coming to, which again, you have not asked this question, but 
coming to India more specifically for e-Axle ready, I think the industry is not ready. We are still 
in the traditional central drive plus mechanical axle world, which we have anyway protected 
with our current product portfolio. 
Radha: 
I understand that, but I just wanted to understand how the content per vehicle will improve if 
and when it happens? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
That's like I said, 100% of what we are doing today plus the power electronics. And it all depends 
on the pricing strategy for India, it is too early to comment on that. 
Radha: 
Okay. Thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. 
please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, thank you for the opportunity. Firstly if you could just give us some colour on the tonnage 
part. I think you alluded to some number of peak revenue we are prepared for 5 lakh tons. So 
currently for this quarter and for the year as a whole. What have been our tonnages? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
I'm not sure if I understood your question well. The way I'm reading the question is you are 
talking about the gross tonnage of the industry. Is that right? 
Saket Kapoor: 
Both sir. Firstly, you talk about that we are prepared when the industry requirement 5 lakh 
reaches and since you mentioned about, we are operating at about 90%, 95% what was out 
number for the quarter? And second question or just a continuation to the same was sir, last 
quarter, you spoke about some specific changes in the bucket segment with respect to some state 
government making some changes with the floor height. And that will lead to the second product 
that we have developed. So what is the update on the same? And when will that product be 
introduced sir? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
I'm still not clear on the first part, let me take a hit on that, how I'm going to answer that. So in 
terms of tonnage, there are 2 things. One is a, our axle, what we supply to what vehicle it goes 
in terms of tonnage carrying capacity. And today, if you see the heavy duty when we talk about 
it is 50 ton and above. 
And our product portfolio today with the single axle, 185 largest axle in the industry and the 
tandem and HR axle, we are already there. We are going up to 70, 80 ton range. In terms of the 
industry tonnage for the full year we were at 9.4 million tonnage that is the total tonnage carrying 
capacity of the industry. 
And just to give you a comparison of this versus the previous peak, which was FY19, where we 
also did the similar vehicle production of 476,000, was 8.7. 8.7 to 9.4 with the same industry 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 13]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
level, that addition is coming from that heavy-duty or higher tonnage vehicles, which is more 
and more increasing in the past few years and it is going to continue. 
The second part of the question is related to the bus code, the low floor. Yes, there is more clarity 
on that. And it looks like the current product portfolio, what we have can meet most of the 
requirements, but then there are also some OEMs have a different strategy and is actually 
evolved. So it is still something that is evolving. But the products that we have for that space, 
those are protected for that particular regulation that came in. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And sir, I think we did capex closer to INR70 crores last year sir -- INR73 crores rather. 
So, what are we emphasizing for the current year in terms of capex. And as you were answering 
to my question, if you could come up with the Investor Presentation, wherein we speak about 
our product profile, the industry scenario, where are you places in? And some color so that -- 
my questions are more aligned, and I get -- we people get more aligned to what the industry 
trends are that would suffice a lot of understanding to the... 
Raman K: 
Raman here. So, I'll take the question. So, on the capex part, first piece of -- I think last year to 
now, I think last year, we spent about INR30 crores vis a vis INR70 crores in the coming year 
also, we are expecting because the major spend are we going to complete the phases that we had 
already spoken about. So, we'll be almost similar range of capex spend will be there in the 
upcoming year as well. 
And to your second question on the Investor Presentation, I think, yes, we will look at the 
possibility of having a presentation then. Yes. And at least that is once a year or something for 
the product portfolio. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. And last point is on the employee benefit expense’s part. Is it proportionate to what 
the utilization levels were for the quarter? I think we hit a number of INR47 crores, INR48 crores 
for the quarter. That is on the higher side. So, how should that be aligned? 
And so just to get more sense, you mentioned that we will be doing a similar amount of capex 
that we did for the last year. So, in terms of the capacity augmentation what should we end the 
year in terms of the incremental capacity that we will be operational by the end of this fiscal. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
So, the second question I will take probably first question, Raman is going to come back and 
talk to you. See, again, like we mentioned, the capacity what we are putting in here, there is an 
augmentation, like I mentioned, with this -- all the projects going on, we should be able to really 
meet any of the near time demand that is coming in a domestic market and also potential 
opportunity from the export market. 
So, as Kishan mentioned, we are expecting domestic peak, something should happen at the 
[inaudible 42:33] levels. We don't know what the product mix is. But we are putting enough 
capacity to meet those peak demands. And again, the capex, I want everyone to be on the same 
page that it is not just the capacity, but also, like I mentioned, how do we bring in the new 
technologies and productivity so that we can always offset the inflationary pressure that might 
be there on our fixed cost. Raman, would you like to take the earlier question. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 14]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Raman K: 
Sure. Just on the employee benefit expenses, we had about INR47 crores for the quarter. So, 
that's had a bit of one-offs this time. So, we had some leave encashment settlement and all that 
happened. So, about 8% of it was a one-off. So, -- but on a like-for-like, it should be lower by 
around 8%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. Only just to make small sense of that is, since we will be working also on the efficiency 
part. So, what should be the EBITDA margin range -- where are we currently and with the type 
of efficiency and the aspirational program that we took, I think, so for on a 5-year basis, where 
should our EBITDA margin shipping. And does the current asset of business environment 
provide us into a different paradigm altogether with the type of changes and the capex that we 
have done? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
While we don't want to do our forward-looking statements at this point of time, like we have 
been always sharing and you can look back October the past records. One is, we have been 
continuously focusing on improving our top line, but at the same time, protecting the bottom 
line. 
All the efficiency what we are bringing in, we can assure you that it will not only offset any 
potential inflationary pressures or potential adverse product mix. But at the same time, we have 
been always working towards, and we have demonstrated that our bottom line is always going 
to improve. 
Definitely, the product mix and top line will kind a helps us get a much better fixed cost 
absorption. But the rest is assured. I would say that you can look forward to the improved our 
margins. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Shikha Mehta from Time & Tide Advisors. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Taking off from the previous participant, since our new capacity is expected to come live maybe 
by December this year. And we're currently as on Q4 already at 90% utilization. Is it a fair 
assumption to make that going forward, whatever improvement we see in our top line for the 
next 2 or 3 quarters will be mainly based on new products, which might get us better pricing and 
better margins. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Kishan, you want to take it up. 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
Yes. I can answer the second part of that, more specifically on the new products that we are 
launching. Yes, these new products are aligned with the change that we are seeing in terms of 
the OEM strategies. And like I mentioned earlier, some of them will partially cannibalize our 
current product line. But whenever we launch a new product, we try to capture the value pricing 
from that in terms of what features and what benefits that gives to the end customer. 
So, yes, marginally, it will be better in terms of profitability compared to the legacy products, 
and we capture the value in terms of placing the right pricing strategy, knowing that there will 
be a migration to certain extent from the traditional to the new product that we launch. And this 
has been a policy for a long time. This is not something new, and we continue to do the same. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 15]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Shikha Mehta: 
And so, I think on the previous con call, you had mentioned that from a single -- from -- sorry, 
to a tandem axle, I think your realization goes up almost 2x to 3x. Is that correct? Is that the right 
way to see it? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
It's not to that extent. It depends again on the product family and specifically the tonnage or the 
JV of the vehicle. It is probably not 2x to 3x extent. It's -- I don't know if you can put a number 
there. It is probably around 10% to 25% as a broad range, not more than that. 
Shikha Mehta: 
Okay, sir. Understood. All right. And sir, lastly, on our market share. I think we have around 
50% plus market share with Ashok Leyland. Is that maintained this quarter? Do we have any 
comment to make on that? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
On an average, the whole year, we have maintained as per our agreement with Ashok Leyland, 
like Nagaraja mentioned earlier, it is very difficult to speak one particular day or a week or a 
month because the product mix changes so much. So, we always try to keep the healthy average 
where our top line and the profitability, both are well balanced. 
Shikha Mehta: 
All right, sir. And as on date, are we supplying products other than brakes to Tata? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
No. Our primary supply to Tata is only brakes right now, but there are cases when there are 
products which they need for the export market or for example, buses. There are certain business 
that we do with them. Time to time, not a regular business. 
Shikha Mehta: 
All right. And is this something that is part of our strategy to increase as a wallet share? Or are 
we happy with where we are currently? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
So, in terms of brakes, I think we are pretty well placed where we want to be. And I think the 
focus in brakes is always to have a healthy share so that we also cater considering the capacity 
that we have, we always have multi-OEM strategy there. It's not just single OEM. 
Shikha Mehta: 
No, sir, I was asking on the axle side. Is there a strategy to increase our wallet share in Tata 
Motors or not really? We're happy with where we are? 
Kishan Kumar Udupi: 
There are continuous discussions. But right now, I don't -- I can -- I'm not in a position to confirm 
there are different discussions at different levels. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Avadhoot Joshi from Trivantage Capital. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Just on the demand side, Lakshmi sir already asked 
about it. But looking at the sales price increase that we have seen and the availability of diesel, 
do we see anything changes in the schedules as kind of a thing from the OEMs happening in the 
near future? Or have we seen already that the schedules are revised? Any kind of sense on that 
and the overall demand considering that the diesel price is increasing. If you can throw some 
light on that. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Thank you for the question. So, let me restate what I mentioned earlier. The industry, as such, is 
in a very stable 400-plus scenario every year. And the next year as well, we are expecting it to 
be 400 plus. Now the other dynamic sectional dynamics like the diesel cost, that's too early to 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 16]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
comment right now. because that is demand. And specifically talking about Q1, Q2 of this 
financial year, that's a typical softer market. 
Historically, it's been like that and we think it will continue that. And then how we come out of 
monsoon and how we end Q4, that will probably define whether it is a 400 plus 20%, plus 5%. 
So, that's something we can watch. But on a demand level, there is a consistent demand, what 
we have been seeing for the Q1 and Q2, that is continuing. Whether it changes significantly or 
not, it's time only can say that. 
Avadhoot Joshi: 
Understood. So, as of now, there is no change to whatever we are seeing from the OEM demand. 
That's what I can tell us, right? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
That is true. It is a very typical Q1, Q2, but we see historically, and that's the level of demand 
we are seeing. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next follow-up question from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga 
Investments. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
A few questions. as you step into the coming year, what are the three priorities for the company 
either qualitative of quantitative. The second question is that there is an operating margin which 
you actually reported just now. 
Is this taking into consideration the technology fee? Or how does it work when the technology 
fee kicks in, and third question is that regulatory or safety norms go through changes, how do 
you benefit or our business is neutral when it comes to regulatory or safety norms for the 
commercial vehicle? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Okay. So, I'll take the first part of the question, probably Kishan can talk about the safety norms 
and what is happening in the industry. So, our 3 focus areas, we have been always telling that, 
one is we wanted to make sure that we are completing all this capex investment on time and then 
bringing in all the benefits associated with that. 
And so that is our focus again by December, we should have those things in place. And we are 
also kind of potentially looking at the technology. We were talking about the gears required for 
buses and coaches and then product associated with that, which is under development and 
testing, which, again, we're going to kind of look at it. 
And that's where we want to kind of look at it, the opportunities and probably realize the 
additional -- the share of business in the segments where we are still present, but may not be 
very strong in that area. So, that is our second area of focus. 
The third area, obviously, that is, I would say, it has become more like a routine and always be 
sensitive to the market demand changes and then continuously focus on protecting and growing 
our bottom line, and then continue to be ready for any potential opportunities available in the 
export market. So, those are all the 3 areas we would like to continue to focus, and especially 
this year. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 17]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. Sir, about the other 2 questions, if it's margin... 
Raman K: 
This is Raman here. On the margins, I'll take it. So, especially on the technical fee. So, the 
operating margin that we have declared now is after considering the technical fee -- so it is being 
on a monthly basis depending on based on the revenue, as I said, the mix of all that... 
Lakshminarayanan: 
So, the fourth quarter is completely after taking into that particular number? 
Raman K: 
Yes. No, it is all the quarters. So, all the quarter results are after considering the technical fee 
only. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Got it. And this is applicable on both exports and domestic or only domestic or exports? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
It is based on the agreement, what we are having. I think we probably will not be able to disclose 
all those details. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Sir, my question is that as an external participant. What is the number one has to assume on a 
blended basis for the entire years because the exports and domestic keep changing -- now that is 
a margin that is being reported. So, I just want to understand that? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Like I said earlier, it is in the range of somewhere between 4% to 4.5%. That's a thing you can 
look at... 
Lakshminarayanan: 
On the total revenue? 
Raman K: 
On the total there is a broad range depending on the mix of domestic and exports. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
The last question. Sorry yes. The last question was related to the regulations. So, there are -- in 
the next 3 to 5 years, a couple of regulations that will come in the safety space. And when we 
look at our product line, mainly the foundation break in this case, there is not much that's going 
to change, unless there is a very stringent norm on the stopping distance, which we are not seeing 
in today's discussion in the regulation space. 
It is more on building EBS and supporting systems where our conventional foundation breaks 
are qualified. It can be used. There is no change that we are expecting. Now the big industry 
move that has happened in the Western world is moving from drum to disc brakes with the 
current regulation landscape, what we have, we think it will continue to be in a very niche market 
like buses than maybe hazardous goods. And that means our current capacity and the demand, 
what we see from the drum brake that can continue. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Sir, in the Axle space. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Axle side, we are not seeing any major changes in the regulation. There was one where the 
overload has been, to some extent, regularized. But that's a typical overload that we see on Indian 
roads all the time. So, it has not changed anything in our product portfolio. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
Sir, and as electronic braking system or ADAS, all of thing comes to mainstream, right? Whether 
there are trends such as smart axle or smart braking system, which means that there is some 
Automotive Axles Limited 

[page 18]
 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
May 20, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
amount of digitalization happening there. Is this a far-fetched idea or it will actually get absorbed 
and you are actually capable of handling either the signals are processed from the braking system 
or the axle in electronic braking or ADAS or whatever the? I just want to understand your view 
for that. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Yes, sure. And you're right. The ADAS and electronic braking system. That's going to happen, 
but that didn't have any influence on the mechanical axles or the brakes that we have. You're 
talking about smart axle. Yes, we have couple of axles that we qualify as smart axle in the global 
portfolio but they're not applicable for Indian markets as of now. 
So, if it moves in that direction, the products are available. It's more of licensing them and 
industrializing them. And there is a wide range of different features that axles can provide, but 
that value has to be perceived by the end customer, which is where India has always been 
different. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And by how far are we? Is it like 2 years behind or 3 years behind some smart actions for second 
year? 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
I'm looking anybody's guess because Indian market behaves very differently from Western 
World. All I can say is when it happens, we will be there. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
But the Smart Axle penetration is 100% in developed countries? Or is it even there, it was... 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
No, it's even that it is very limited, very limited. So, the definition of smart itself is very unique 
for each region. So, unless we know that, it's difficult to say when, what will happen. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. And with 
that concludes the question-and-answer session. I now hand the conference back to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Nagaraja Gargeshwari: 
Thank you. Once again, I really appreciate all of you who have called into this conference. And 
then thanks for all those questions. Like we mentioned, we are in the midst of going through the 
capex cycle, the phase 1 we have already completed, and then we'll be able to complete the next 
phase by end of December. We have been really focusing on bringing in the new products. 
And as you can see that those results both on top line, both in the top line and our bottom line. 
Rest is assured we will continue to strive hard, and make sure that we meet all our customers' 
demands and continue to explore growing opportunities that potentially might be coming in our 
export market. And thanks once again, and have a great day. 
Raman K: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you all. On behalf of 360 ONE Capital Market Private Limited, we conclude this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Automotive Axles Limited 
