[page 1]
 
 
 
                           Date: 19TH  MAY 2026 
Corporate RelaƟons Department  
BSE Limited  
2nd Floor, P . J. Towers  
Dalal Street Mumbai – 400 001  
Scrip Code: 544310  
 
Re: ISIN- INE00GK01023 
 
Sub: Disclosure of Transcript of the Analyst/ InsƟtuƟonal Investor MeeƟng 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated 12th May 2026, wherein we had given an advance 
informaƟon of the upcoming Analyst or InsƟtuƟonal Investor Meeting in terms of Regulation 30 (6) 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 which was held 
on 14th May 2026.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please ﬁnd attached herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call on Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Half year and year ended 
March 31, 2026, held on Thursday, the 14th of May 2026.  
 
The transcript will be uploaded on company’s website under the below link: 
 
https://www.yashhv.com/investor-portal/investor-presentation-press-notes-and-newspaper-
publication 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt.  
 
We hereby request you to take the above information on your record.  
 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely,  
 
For Yash Highvoltage Limited 
 
 
 
Tushar J. Lakhmapurkar  
Company Secretary & Compliance OƯicer 
 
 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
 
“Yash Highvoltage Limited 
H2 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 14, 2026 
 
 
     
 
 
Management:  
Mr. Keyur Shah – Chairman and Managing Director – Yash Highvoltage   Limited 
Mr. Darshan Thakkar – Executive Director, Finance – Yash Highvoltage Limited 
Mr. Nirav Patel – Executive Director, Global Business – Yash Highvoltage Limited 
Mr. Sumit Poddar – Chief Financial Officer – Yash Highvoltage Limited 
Mr. Mitanshu Shah – Strategic Advisor – Yash Highvoltage Limited 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Yash Highvoltage 
Limited H2 and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 

[page 3]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
 This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the 
company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to 
predict. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Keyur Shah, Chairman and Managing 
Director from Yash Highvoltage Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you, madam. Thanks Adfactors for organizing this call and thank 
everyone for joining for this earnings conference call for Yash. Good evening 
everyone, most welcome. I am today accompanied by Mr. Darshan Thakkar, 
our Executive Director Finance; Mr. Nirav Patel, Executive Director Global 
Business; Mr. Sumit Poddar, our CFO; and Mr. Mitanshu Shah, our Strategic 
Advisor. 
 Our financial results, investor presentation, and press release have been 
uploaded on the stock exchange and our website, and I trust all of you have 
had the opportunity to review them. Financial year '26 has been a landmark 
year in the journey of Yash Highvoltage. 
 During this year, we achieved our highest ever revenue, EBITDA, and profit 
after tax, while also closing the year with an all-time high order book. More 
importantly, the strategic milestones we committed at the beginning of the 
year have progressed meaningfully and largely as planned. 
 Our order book as on 31st March '26 stood at INR400 plus crores, reflecting 
our very strong customer confidence and robust demand visibility. Our 
Greenfield expansion project has entered the final phase of commissioning. 
Sukrut acquisition has been substantiated. 
 Our USA subsidiary is now operational. Strategic distribution partnership 
across Europe and UK are already active, and we successfully achieved the 
technical milestone of in-house testing of our first 245 kV oil-to-oil 
transformer bushing. 
[page 4]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
 I would like to take a moment to sincerely thank our employees, customers, 
and investors for their continued trust and support throughout '26. It is their 
confidence and commitment that enables us to achieve milestones like this 
year-after-year. 
 Before diving deep into the company's highlight for the year, let me also take 
you through some industry backdrop. The industry backdrop continues to 
remain highly favorable, supported by structural long-term drivers globally as 
well as in India. India is currently witnessing one of the largest power 
infrastructure investment cycles in its history. 
 Significant investments are being directed towards transmission and 
distribution infrastructure, renewable integration, grid modernization, and 
electrification initiatives. Peak power demand in India is expected to increase 
materially over the coming years, supported by rising industrial activity, 
urbanization, EV infrastructure, data centers, and AI-driven power demand 
growth. 
 These in turn continue to drive strong demand across transformers and 
associated high voltage equipment. Within this ecosystem, transformer 
bushings remain a critical and an irreplaceable component. Every transformer 
requires multiple bushings and therefore growth in transformer capacity 
directly translates into a growth opportunities for our segment. 
 Another important structural trend is the ongoing technology transition from 
conventional oil-impregnated bushings towards resin-impregnated, RIP 
bushings. The RIP technology offers advantages such as lower maintenance 
requirement, improved operational safety, and better long-term 
performance reliability. 
 Today, India remains heavily dependent on imported capacity cores for RIP 
bushings. The localization of technology represents a significant strategic 
opportunity for the Indian industry, and this forms the core objective for our 
Greenfield expansion project. 
 Globally, the transformer bushing industry also remains highly specialized 
with limited independent players and long customer qualification cycles. Over 
[page 5]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
the years, Yash Highvoltage has built approvals across leading utilities, 
transformer OEMs, and industrial customers in more than 60 countries, 
supported by repeat order rate of 96%. 
 We believe this creates a strong and durable competitive advantage for the 
company. At the current stage of the industry cycle, demand continues to be 
significantly exceed global supply capacity across the transformer bushing 
ecosystem. Our approach, however, remains measured and disciplined. 
 We are focused not only on maximizing short-term volumes but also on 
executing orders effectively, maintaining delivery timelines, preserving 
product quality, and strengthening the long-term customer relationship. In a 
highly specialized industry such as ours, customers' trust and technical 
reliability are built over decades and we remain committed to protect that 
positioning. 
 Operationally, the capex additions completed in the existing facility, including 
the high-speed winding machine for capacitive cores up to 245 kV, SCADA-
controlled autoclave ovens, and additional production infrastructure have 
enabled us to absorb the current growth cycle efficiently. We have also 
strengthened our testing and quality infrastructure with additional RIV and 
TRT testing setups, along with a dew point measurement facility. During the 
year, the company further enhanced its quality and compliance standards 
through ISO 14001 and ISO 45001. 
There are also strategic initiatives for which I would love to submit a progress 
update. We have taken several strategic initiatives during the year. On the 
greenfield expansion, our greenfield expansion facility is in its final stage. Civil 
work and PEB structures are substantially complete. Key equipment’s have 
been received, and installation is in progress, and on schedule.  
Trial production remains on track, with commercial production targeted in H2 
of this ongoing year. This facility will enable localization of RIP and RIS cores 
manufacturing, reducing dependency on imported capacitive cores, improve 
cost competitiveness, and unlock export opportunities in RIP, RIS segment for 
the company.  
[page 6]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
Importantly, we have also expanded the design capability of the project from 
originally planned 220 kV range to 550 kV now, significantly enhancing our 
addressable market opportunity. The new facility is expected to add 
approximately 5,000 to 7,000 units of annual capacity, focused on high-value 
RIP, RIS products with gradual ramp-up over the next few years. 
 On the Sukrut Electric acquisition, the Sukrut acquisition closed during the 
year. Our focus is now on operational stabilization, professionalization, and 
value creation. The acquisition strengthens our participation across the 
broader transformer component ecosystem and complements our existing 
product capabilities. 
On the international expansion front, our wholly owned subsidiary, YASH HV 
USA, is now operational and serves as an important strategic step towards 
strengthening our presence in the American market. Having a direct local 
presence significantly improves customer engagement, accelerates our 
approval cycles, and also enhances our ability to work closely with the 
utilities, OEMs, and consultants in that part of the world.  
In addition, our distribution partnerships with Widemann and Electrolink are 
now operational across select European, North African, and UK markets, 
helping expand our international reach through established local networks. 
Together, these initiatives position us strongly for the next phase of export-
led growth, particularly as the greenfield facility becomes operational. 
I would now request, I would now hand over the call to Mr. Darshan Thakkar, 
our ED Finance, for financial highlights for the year. Thank you. 
Darshan Thakkar: Thank you, Mr. Keyur. Good evening once again to all of you and a warm 
welcome to FY26 earnings call of Yash Highvoltage Limited. I would take you 
through the key highlights, the financial highlights for the year, starting with 
H2 FY26. The revenue from operations in H2 stood at INR135.5 crores, 
registering a strong 46% year-on-year growth over H2 of FY25.  
H2 EBITDA came in at INR37.2 crores, while PAT stood at INR23.7 crores, 
reflecting our continued operational momentum during the second half of the 
year. For financial year ‘26, revenue from operations stood at INR235.1 
[page 7]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 57% over the previous year 
revenue of INR150 crores.  
The growth was supported by strong execution across domestic and export 
markets, benefits from capacity addition at the existing facility, and an 
improved product mix. EBITDA for the year stood at INR60.4 crores, a growth 
of 75% year-on-year. EBITDA margins stood at 25.7% compared to 23.1% in 
FY25, a growth of almost 260 basis points. This reflects our continuous focus 
on maintaining margin discipline even during a phase of accelerated growth 
and expansion.  
Profit after tax stood at INR37.4 crores, a growth of 75% year-on-year, 
translating into a PAT margin of 15.9%, while basic EPS for the year stood at 
INR13.08. Our balance sheet continues to remain conservatively funded and 
financially strong. We maintain a near debt-free profile supported by healthy 
liquidity, disciplined working capital management, and a prudent capital 
allocation approach. 
Our debt-to-equity ratio stands at a comfortable 0.17 times, a testament to 
our disciplined capital management and the inherent financial strength of the 
business. Like Mr. Shah mentioned, as on 31st March 2026, our order book 
stood at over INR400 crores, INR400 crores plus, providing healthy execution 
visibility over the next one to two years. Thank you once again, and we are 
now happy to open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question is from the line of Akshay from AK Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay: Hi, sir. First of all, congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, my first 
question is, how much top-line growth over the next two to three years are 
we anticipating? And whether the Middle East war had any impact or will have 
any impact in the next one to two quarters in our operations or in inflation, 
input cost inflation or something like this? 
[page 8]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
Keyur Shah: So I understand your questions are on two parts. One is the Middle East war, 
whether it is affecting us or not, and second is what is the revenue which we 
are expecting next two, three years, right? 
Akshay: Yes, sir. Yes, exactly. 
Keyur Shah: Okay. So first of all, fortunately, we are not directly impacted by the war 
situation as we do not have any exports in those areas of the world. And 
neither our material comes from any of these two, three countries which are 
directly impacted by the war. Of course, there is an indirect cost escalation to 
us because of the oil and the gas situation which has come up and the vendors 
have been asking us for revised prices. 
But that we are also able to successfully communicate to our customers. So 
not much impact on this. For sure, going forward in next two or three months, 
how the development goes, we will be able to understand. As of now, we 
don't see much of a worry. Maybe in next two, three months, how the 
situation stabilizes, we will be able to get to know. 
As of now, we are protected. Coming to the growth, what we are expecting in 
next two or three years, we have been growing at a consistent growth rate of 
around 38% to 40% CAGR last five to six years. I believe that the growth this 
year was much better than our historical growth. And I feel that this growth 
momentum should continue next five, six years, and we should be able to 
grow at around 40%, 42% for next four or five years minimum. So that's what 
we feel. Yes. We are confident for that growth. 
Akshay: Okay, sir. Exactly. And sir, EBITDA margin and the PAT margin, are we also 
expecting the same over around 24% to 25%? 
Keyur Shah: So we presently are operating around 25%, a bit 25% plus on the EBITDA. We 
this year also we should be able to maintain around 24%, 25% EBITDA. This 
year we will be increasing some expenses on the new factory also. But from 
next year onwards, we will see gradual increase in the profitability and reduce 
our import dependency, our margin expansion should begin. So from next 
year onwards, we expect increase in the EBITDA. This ongoing year, we don't 
[page 9]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
expect further enlargement, but we would also make sure that we maintain 
and we don't let it fall down further. 
Akshay: Okay, sir. And sir, last question on the capacity increment. We are currently 
developing our new facility. So when will it is, when are it is expected to 
contribute to the revenue from this financial year or the next financial year? 
Keyur Shah: So this new factory would be ready for trial production by end of Q2 FY27. So 
we should be able to start assembling and testing our products from the next 
month. And the commercial production of the RIP core should take another 
three to four months once we take internal trials and then we do the type 
test. 
Okay. So the revenue for totally indigenous made RIP bushings from our own 
factory might be towards the end of this year financial. But the revenue from 
this plant will still begin as we would be able to utilize the facility for assembly 
and testing, which is highly a shortage today for us at the capacity constraint 
at our local existing factory. So the readiness of this factory definitely will help 
us improve our invoicing. 
Akshay: Okay, sir. Thank you so much and all the best, sir. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Disha from Sapphire Capital. 
Disha: Thank you so much sir for this opportunity and congratulations for a good set 
of numbers. Firstly sir, in the second half, we've seen a meaningful 
improvement in our gross and EBITDA margins. Could you please elaborate a 
bit more on what was the reason for that? 
Keyur Shah: So madam, historical it has always been like that that the third and the fourth 
quarter brings us always a higher portion of the turnover. And this is how it 
has been happening for so many years that the transformer companies in the 
second half of the year would demand more. And that is reasonably with the 
reason for the increased revenue in the second part of the year. 
[page 10]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
And purchases always happen in cyclic manner. So, sometimes we have a 
price escalation from a vendor, sometimes we are able to negotiate a good 
price with our customer. So, that is the only reason for the change in the 
margin percentage. Not, not any very specific reason for that. 
Disha: Okay, okay. That is clear sir. And sir, this current order book, so we have 
INR400 crores order book. What is the sort of pipeline that you're looking at? 
How, what is the sort of order inflows that you're targeting for this year? 
Keyur Shah: Yes. So, we, we have a target to book at least INR500 plus crores order this 
year also. So, we, we could execute also this year with 40% to 45% growth 
and also to have a healthy order book for the next year as a opening order 
book. So, we are aggressive on order booking and we are continuing the order 
book filling every week, every month. We are reviewing very closely. 
Disha: Okay. And sir, just this current capacity that we have, what is the utilization 
that we achieved in, in FY '26? 
Keyur Shah: We have been able to utilize at least 75% to 80% of our existing facility. And 
capacity in this ongoing year, we should still be able to utilize at least 65% to 
70% this year also. 
Disha: Sir, sorry I could not hear you. Could you please repeat that? 
Keyur Shah: We have been able to utilize 75% to 80% in FY '26. 
Moderator: We will take our next question from the line of Hussain from Carnelian 
Capital. 
Hussain: Just two things sir. One is on the current capacity. What is our current capacity 
and with the capex what will be our new capacity? Because you have guided 
80% is the current utilization and 65% will be next year on the increased 
capacity. So, can you give us the number of the, in terms of capacity? 
Keyur Shah: So, capacity I can describe in two ways. One is by the number of bushing and 
second is by a value-wise capacity. So, our present capacity of 9,000 to 10,000 
bushing, we have been able to produce 7,000 plus bushing this year. That's 
the reason I mentioned around 75% we have been able to utilize. And with 
[page 11]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
the investments what we are doing in the Greenfield and the Brownfield, our 
total capacity will be moving to close to 15,000 bushings. Out of this, we 
target that around 65% we will be able to use in the year 2026-2027. 
Hussain: Got it sir. That was helpful. And secondly sir, just wanted to understand, we 
are planning to have a fundraise of INR150 odd crores. So, what was the 
purpose of that fundraise in terms of, is it for a future growth? Can't we take 
debt? Like any specific reason we are taking this INR150 crores? 
Keyur Shah: So, we are now considering a -- we have taken an approval up till INR150.0 
crores, but we might not go to fully that extent. Around INR100 to INR110 is 
what we are eyeing. And that will be mainly for the capex for the increased 
production range up till 550 kV and the testing infrastructure. 
Also the Brownfield expansion at the existing unit looking at the business 
scenario, we are compelled to invest there also. And also we have a working 
capital around the INR28 crores or INR30 crores, which we might remain open 
with an option to close it from the raised funds. It's an option we are 
exploring. 
Hussain: Got it, got it sir. And just one more thing sir. I think in the bushing, transformer 
segment, when I understand from the calls of the other companies, one thing 
which is clearly there that the on the lower kV side, that's the less than 400 
kV is where there would be overcapacity as the new capacities of all the 
companies come in. 
So, there could be margin compression that can happen is the understanding 
that I have. So, is it, can there be a pressure on the bushing side because I 
think somewhere we are earning a very good margin of 25% and the gross 
margins are also expanding. So, can we see some pressure on the margins, 
especially on the gross margin side? 
Keyur Shah: I don't believe that we would fall in that trap because capacity addition is 
happening largely at the transformer side, but the demand is also increasing 
globally. Okay. So, generally I believe that there would not be any issue with 
the transformers also. And even if it happens at their end, at our level since 
we are expanding our geography globally and especially since we will be 
[page 12]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
localizing the product in India versus our imported component, so as such we 
are seeing margin expansion at the input stage also. 
And also RIP once we start exports, we'll definitely see some better prices on 
the export side also. So, overall we should be able to improve our EBITDA 
going forward irrespective of what happens with the transformer companies' 
margins. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Gunjan Kabra from Niveshaay. 
Gunjan Kabra: Hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I have a few questions. First is that 
how is the order tendering in the industry right now? Because in the last 
quarter that I hear and understand, though it's the most critical part right 
now, but because of the commodity prices increasing, there's lot of spillovers 
in the order tendering both on the transformation side and also on the 
transmission side. So, how is the scenario right now in India? 
Keyur Shah: So madam, there is a huge pressure to the transformer companies and the 
bushing companies also to increase the capacity and to be ready for the 
orders which they are getting and which eventually we have to execute. So, 
today the situation is the transformer companies are giving us blanket orders 
for the next 24 to 36 months and they want us to prepare our side for those 
all delivery execution, maybe something in 26-27, something in 27-28. 
Okay. So, from our side we are also securing the prices with considering the 
inflation, considering the inadvertent price rise which we might need to give 
to our suppliers, also certain currency fluctuation. So, we also try to build on 
that to make sure that we don't end up into bleeding from our side if 
something goes abruptly wrong on the input side. 
Gunjan Kabra: Got it. So, if they are giving you blanket orders, then how long is the first 
execution cycle from the order that you take? Like what's the nature of 
contract if there is any price hike for us also, like insulator prices are 
increasing, oil prices are increasing, and we import the core, so rupee 
depreciation is also one of the reason. So, what is the execution and how fast 
is, how long is the contract and fixed contract, variable...? 
[page 13]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
Keyur Shah: We have scheduled contracts with all our suppliers. And as and when we get 
the material, we are able to sell it to our customers. So, there is no stoppage 
from either side. 
Gunjan Kabra: Either side. Got it. And sir, what's the price hike that we have taken from H1 
to H2 and how is it right now? 
Keyur Shah: I didn't get your question. 
Gunjan Kabra: What is the price hike in bushings that we have taken from, for example, H1 
to H2 and how is it right now? 
Keyur Shah: Price hike I won't be able to tell very specifically, but it's very clear that at 
appropriate time, we have a understanding with our customer that based on 
what we will be needing to pay more based on the commodity price variation 
or the currency fluctuation. There is an arrangement with the customer that 
we would also be transferring that price rise to them. And they are able to 
give it to us. 
Gunjan Kabra: Got it. And just one last... 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt Gunjan. Please rejoin the queue for more questions, 
ma'am. 
Gunjan Kabra: Sure, sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Vineet Khatri from 
Toro Wealth Managers. Please go ahead. 
Vineet Khatri: Hello sir. Good evening and congratulations for the good set of results. Sir, in 
one of the transformer companies' calls, they were mentioning about the OIP 
having good demand than RIP. I mean, they were mentioning about RIP's 
capacities in the domestic market has come up, but the OIP is facing shortage, 
which is otherwise to what we were hearing from the bushing sector. So, like 
I would love to hear your comments on this. 
Keyur Shah: So, the feedback what you got is right that OIPs are in shortage. It is not that 
the RIP demand has reduced. As we have been able to stabilize the RIP 
supplies, the customers are happy that they don't have to wait for RIP 
[page 14]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
bushings, we are able to deliver on the schedule agreement. But the OIPs we 
are not able to deliver because we are also limited on capacity and there is a 
huge amount of order which has come up to us also. So, that is the reason 
which has translated into increased timeline, which we now want to address 
by adding up our capacity addition by doing this Brownfield investment. 
Vineet Khatri: Got it sir. And sir, after the, second question is with respect to the capex that 
we have done for the backward integration. After which, does our positioning 
in the exports, like earlier we were being restricted to sell in the export 
market, is that thing getting removed after our backward integration? 
Keyur Shah: Yes, there's no restriction. Once we, once we have our own bushing, we can 
sell anywhere in the world. 
Vineet Khatri: Got it sir. Thank you sir and all the best for the future. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you, thank you sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Naman Parmar: Yes. Good evening, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. So, firstly I 
wanted to understand basically on the volume side. Like you have mentioned 
in the press release like current volume it was 7,200 bushing, right? And in 
previous year it was 5,752 bushing. So, if we compare on ‘24 to ‘25, it's more 
or less there is a decline in the volume, but your sales has been grown. So, 
can you clarify what's the reason for that? Is it because of the kV class and all 
that's why the revenue and the volume look differently or what? 
Keyur Shah: Our, numbers have not reduced from ‘24-‘25 to ‘25-‘26. Numbers have 
increased, no? From 5,750 to 7,000 bushing, numbers have increased, right? 
Naman Parmar: Means in DRHP it's mentioned 5,800 in ‘24 and ‘25 it's 5,752. So, I was just 
asking about that. No issue, I can clarify after that. Yes, not an issue. Secondly, 
I wanted to understand on the Swiss contract. So, when it is going to ended 
and how we will be calibrating... 
[page 15]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
Keyur Shah: That contract has already got over. Okay. And they, they are supplying the 
material as per the contractual agreement till mid of ‘27. Okay. But otherwise 
the contract has got over with them, the technology agreement. 
Naman Parmar: Okay. So, after the this overall backward integration and all, you will be able 
to sell anywhere the core or the... 
Keyur Shah: Yes, yes sir. You are right sir. 
Naman Parmar: Okay, understood. And how will be the export market for you? Like US you 
have started with having a... 
Keyur Shah: We, we have got very good encouraging response from all the customers 
globally. And they are waiting for our new factory to get ready so they can 
come and meet us, see the facility and place orders. 
Naman Parmar: Okay. And in next one or two years, how much you expect from the export 
side? 
Keyur Shah: Our target would be that eventually in next two to three years, we at least do 
20% plus from exports. 
Naman Parmar:  Okay, understood. Yes. Thank you so much for answering the question. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rushin Shah from Molecule 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Rushin Shah: Congratulations sir for good set of numbers. Sir, I have one question that what 
is our current status of R&D for manufacturing core in-house? So, are we 
through the process of manufacturing it in-house or we have, we were going 
to have a tie-up with one person from Switzerland again? So, what is the 
status there? 
Keyur Shah: Yes. So, as far the contract is ongoing with them and we have been able to 
successfully transfer the knowledge. Now we are going to commission the 
equipments and to start trial production to validate our knowledge what we 
have gained from them. And the contract is in, it is continuous ongoing. So, if 
we have any challenges, they are there to support us. 
[page 16]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
Rushin Shah: So, are there any chance that once we start manufacturing, there will be some 
-- in our type testing, there will be some negative outcome which we have, 
which we will have to face? That could lead to delay in our production for RIP? 
Keyur Shah: We always anticipate that there will be initial teething challenges and that has 
been built in. Okay. So our, this year's revenue is not dependent on the 
success of the localization of core from the new facility. Even if it is delayed 
for two, three months, our -- this year's planned revenue is not going to get 
affected. 
Rushin Shah: Okay. So, whatever you have guided is without considering the RIP core 
getting in-house, the 40% to 45% revenue growth? 
Keyur Shah: Exactly, exactly, exactly. 
Rushin Shah: Okay. So, sir my second question is in RIP export market, which we will target, 
there will be competition from Chinese and European players as well. So, 
what is our strategy to compete with those players? Are we trying to compete 
on the price side or there is something else? 
Keyur Shah:  Availability. Availability and pricing and a good infrastructure to showcase. 
These three are the most important for winning the customers' trust. 
Rushin Shah: Okay. And sir, what is our current autoclave capacity and how much bushing 
can we process in a single autoclave cycle? Is it -- is there any bottleneck in 
there? 
Keyur Shah: In our OIP bushings, we have a bottleneck. That is the reason we are adding 
capacity over there, no? 
Rushin Shah: No, for the autoclave capacity? 
Keyur Shah:  That is what I am saying. For the autoclave capacity, we have a constraint. 
That is the reason we are investing in new autoclaves. 
Rushin Shah: Okay. Yes. Thank you. I'll get back to -- back in the queue. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you. 
[page 17]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Stuti Agarwal from Chhatisgarh 
Investments Limited. Please go ahead. 
Stuti Agarwal: Hello. Am I audible? 
Keyur Shah:  Yes madam. 
Stuti Agarwal: Yes. Sir, my first question is what is the revenue potential of Sukrut? 
Keyur Shah: Ji madam, sorry? 
Stuti Agarwal: What is the revenue potential for the Sukrut? 
Keyur Shah: So, Sukrut, we assume that in next four to five years, we should be able to 
cross at least INR150 to INR160 crores of revenue. And presently it is around 
INR25 crores, INR26 crores revenue financial year '26. And we believe that at 
least 5x to 6x growth we can do in next four, five years. 
Stuti Agarwal: Okay sir. And sir, my second question is the Greenfield expansion which you 
are doing for RIP. So, you have said that this will start from H2. So, can you 
tell me the month, like or quarter? 
Keyur Shah: We, we are targeting October. 
Stuti Agarwal: October. And sir, how is this different from the other bushings plants? 
Keyur Shah: I did not get your question. 
Stuti Agarwal: Sir, the difference, like what type of specialization this plant have from the 
other plants? Or the type of bushing? 
Keyur Shah: So, this will be dry bushings which will be made in this factory. And in the 
present factory, we have oil-impregnated bushing. This will be resin-
impregnated bushing. This will have different set of winding machines, 
different set of autoclaves, different set of mixing dosing machines. So, it is, 
it is very different from our existing products. 
Stuti Agarwal: Okay. And what is the kV class of this bushing? 
Keyur Shah: So, we are making a facility for testing up till 550 kV. 
[page 18]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
Stuti Agarwal: Okay. Thank you so much sir. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you. 
Stuti Agarwal: And sir, my last question is like what is the timeline... 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt ma'am. Please rejoin the queue for more questions. 
Stuti Agarwal: Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohan Khera from Singularity. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan Khera: Hi. Sir, could you please double click on the margin expansion because in the 
last three years, our margin, EBITDA margin was about 20% to 21% excluding 
other income. But this year we've jumped to in the overall like about 26%. So, 
can you talk more about how did this margin expansion come in? Can you go 
into whether it was on the material side or whether it was more on the 
realization side? If you can please double click on that. 
And second is what are our plans to climb further up in the higher voltage 
category of bushings and are we targeting higher voltage kV class of bushings 
more than north of 400 kV class? You just spoke about testing, but are there 
plans to have more earmarked capacity for higher voltage bushings touching 
up to HVDC class as well? If you can talk about that, that would be very 
helpful. Thank you. 
Keyur Shah: So, thank you for the question. The reason for the improvement in the EBITDA 
are mainly primarily for two reasons. One definitely we have economies of 
scale when we increase the turnover, we can negotiate better. Okay. And we 
could also get some good price recovery done from our customers. 
There is always a potential to utilize the situation when there is a shortage 
and if you are able to extract better prices from the customer as any, as any 
seller would do, we would also attempt that and if we are successful, we get 
a better price. And if we are able to negotiate better with our suppliers, we 
are able to reduce our input. So, that has translated into a better margin. 
[page 19]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
And we also did our currency hedging very correctly, so then we were not too 
much impacted by the fluctuations. That all we could do well. So, our finance 
team also could do well on time. So, that all has overall translated. And slowly 
and steadily our export is also increasing, our retrofit business is also 
increasing. These are all marginable business. So, we are mixing and matching 
every possible ways where we can expand our profitability. 
Coming to the increased voltage class, yes today with the 420 kV for India and 
550 kV for the global market because in India after 420 kV it is directly 800 kV. 
But in global markets, there is still a 550 kV also. So, with 550 kV range 
definitely we will be going one step above in the voltage class. 
And beyond that for 765 kV or the HVDC, immediately we would not plan next 
18 to 24 months before we stabilize this factory and before we stabilize the 
product and the market and reach a certain potential. After that definitely 
yes, we are also open, we are in this industry and slowly and gradually as what 
the market demands, we would definitely be open to investing further and to 
expanding and enlarging the capacity for further high, higher EHV classes. 
Rohan Khera: Okay great. Thank you. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mehul Panjuani from 40 Cents. 
Please go ahead. 
Mehul Panjuani: Hello. Good evening sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity and 
congratulations on great set of numbers. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you sir. 
Mehul Panjuani: Sir, first I would like to appreciate your presentation, for example, the slide 
which talks about the technology shift from OIP to RIP. And I am tracking our 
company very recently, so that is helping me. So, first question is about the 
RIP. You have mentioned on the slide that the RIP is 95% core is imported. So, 
are we the first company in India to make RIPs or there are others? I mean I 
don't want to... 
[page 20]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
Keyur Shah: No, there are three or four players in India who are putting up facility for 
localized RIP. Apart from us, CG Power, Hitachi India, and MIM, in Bhiwadi, 
Massa Izolyator Mehru, the Russian subsidiary in India. So, there are four 
people who are investing in the capacity for localized RIP bushings. 
Mehul Panjuani: So sir, I mean is it because RIP is not available so we are using? So, let's say 
for example if RIPs are available for whatever requirements we have, then 
OIPs will get redundant? 
Keyur Shah: No, it would not get redundant because there is still class of engineers who 
still like OIP. 
Mehul Panjuani: Okay. And sir, this is coming up, RIP is coming at Jarod or is the new capacity, 
which new plant is? 
Keyur Shah: So, the Greenfield factory is coming up at Jarod, which is 20 kilometers from 
Baroda airport. And this will be fully utilized for RIP production. 
Mehul Panjuani: Okay. Sir, my second question is about the profit, I mean about the turnover. 
So, you mentioned that we have orders worth of INR400 crores. And right 
now we have generated a revenue of around INR235 crores. So, can we say 
that we will almost double our revenue because we are already having a 
INR400 crores order book or are we maybe surpass even more than double 
of our current revenues? 
Keyur Shah: So, I won't be able to give an exact number, but as I told earlier in the part of 
the call that between INR360 crores to INR400 crores is our target to invoice 
this year. 
Mehul Panjuani: Right sir. Okay, I'll come back in a queue sir. Thank you so much. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Tejash Thakkar from ISG 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Tejash Thakkar: Yes sir. Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on the good set of 
numbers. I just wanted to understand that sir although we have mentioned 
that there is no contractual obligation that we have with the company, with 
[page 21]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
MSC. But do we have any residual IP related licensing restrictions that might 
come into future after we make RIP? 
Keyur Shah: No. 
Tejash Thakkar: So, it's a clean break is that what I am trying to understand? 
Keyur Shah: Clean. No restrictive clause. 
Tejash Thakkar: Okay. And sir second is now once you make this RIP like you mentioned, we'll 
also have some testing period and all that before we can actually launch this 
commercially. And you explained that the revenues will start because of the 
job work, but actual business will come probably to the end of FY27 financial 
year. But what is the -- once you give it to our clients, there will be some time 
for us to testing and all that time will be taken. So, do you anticipate that all 
that will happen in this year or you think will be extend beyond FY28? 
Keyur Shah: No, everything will be completed in this year. So, the internal trials, the type 
test and the supplies commencement, everything will happen in this year 
only. Nothing will be pushed back to next year. 
Tejash Thakkar: But sir, clients' testing will happen, I mean internal testing is one thing, but 
there will be some time lag for the clients' approval, right, if I'm not wrong? 
Keyur Shah: Today the situation is such that everybody is waiting for the factory to get 
ready and a successful type test so they can pick up the material from the 
factory. 
Tejash Thakkar: Okay. And sir, last question what is the expected Sukrut EBITDA that we 
foresee maybe from FY27 or '28 if you can throw some light? 
Keyur Shah: It will be too early for me to comment. Let me just go through one or two 
more quarters over there. We are very positively happily investing in that 
company our times and efforts. But maybe in the next call whenever we have 
in the later part of this year, I'll be able to give more insight on that. 
Tejash Thakkar: Okay sir. Thank you. And if you can just share that in your PPT also going 
forward about Sukrut in your next PPT, we'll appreciate that? 
[page 22]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
Keyur Shah: Absolutely okay. No problem. 
Tejash Thakkar: Okay. Thank you so much sir. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Prakash Pandey 
from Planify Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Pandey: Yes. My question is on the capacity side. Like once the new RIP bushing 
capacity gets commissioned, what is the capacity, total capacity we'll be 
having of OIP bushings and RIP bushings if you can share that? 
Keyur Shah: Sorry, I did not get the question. 
Prakash Pandey: Yes. I said once the total, the new existing facility RIP's capacity gets 
commissioned, right? 
Keyur Shah: Yes. 
Prakash Pandey: Then what is the total capacity we will be having like how much will be OIP 
capacity and how much will be the RIP capacity? 
Keyur Shah: So, the total bushing capacity of around 15,000 bushings and a revenue 
potential of close to INR700 crores, out of which around INR100 crores odd 
would be for OIP and balance will be for RIP. 
Prakash Pandey: My question was in terms of the units like currently we are about I guess 
7,000? 
Keyur Shah: So, it is difficult to translate into units because a 400 kV bushing can be of 40 
lakhs and a 24 kV bushing of OIP can be of say 30,000. So instead of number 
we stick to revenue then it would be better.  
Prakash Pandey: Okay, no issues. My question is regarding your order book. So, currently the 
kind of orders that you see coming in like how much percentage of it is of RIP 
and how much is of OIP bushings and do you see any kind of growth in your 
order book when it comes to RIP bushings? 
[page 23]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
Keyur Shah: Sir, the order booking is of the almost same proportion as of what we have 
been invoicing. Okay. So, close to 15% to 18% is combination of OIP and high 
current and balance is of RIP. 
Prakash Pandey: Going forward, do you see any kind of like demand coming in more for RIP 
bushings rather than for OIP bushings? 
Keyur Shah: Right now the demand is from all the segments, OIPs also, high currents also 
and RIP also. It's up to us that what combination suits better to us to make 
our balance sheet healthier. That is the way we would book orders. 
Prakash Pandey: Got it. That's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Hussain from Carnelian Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Hussain: Just one thing from my side. I just wanted to know sir, government was 
thinking in between to basically allow Chinese bushings again. If that happens, 
how do you see the risk in terms of the margins and in terms of our revenues? 
Keyur Shah: Sir, Chinese bushings are never restricted in India since last 6 years, 7 years. 
There is always an option available with an Indian buyer to buy bushings from 
China and they have not been doing. Probably our Indian pricing and Indian 
availability and Indian commercial terms and after sales service is better, 
that's the reason they are not buying from China. 
Hussain: Got it sir. That was the only question from my side. Thank you. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sk Nathani from Sk Nathani. 
Please go ahead. 
Sk Nathani: Yes. Hi sir. Good evening. Congratulations on your very good financial results. 
Just a general question because most of the questions have been taken up. 
So, just a general question on Yash Highvoltage. Who do you consider your 
better competitor and why? And if there is -- if you say there is no better 
competitor than you then why you consider yourself as the best? 
[page 24]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
Keyur Shah: We don't see any reason to discuss this. Everybody's in the field, everybody is 
good, everybody has their fate in the market. So, why would we say that 
somebody is not good and we are better or somebody is better and we are 
not good, but everybody has got its own core competency to sell. 
Sk Nathani: So, any competitor you consider better and why do you consider them better? 
Keyur Shah: No, everybody has got a good company, good product and then the customer 
will decide whom he wants to buy from. 
Sk Nathani: Okay. The answer is actually political, but okay, that's fine. That's it from my 
end. 
Moderator: Okay. Thank you. Next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from 
Tunga Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: Yes. My question is that as you scale up, you're talking about high growth 
numbers. What would be the kind of a constraints you would actually land up 
in? Is it the people or capital or capacity? I think capacity you are anyway have, 
I mean there is no problem in capacity. What would be the limiting condition 
for you as you scale up? 
Keyur Shah: Supply chain and people. 
Lakshminarayanan: Okay. Can you just tell me more about that? 
Keyur Shah: So, moment we keep on growing beyond a point, we also need to have our 
suppliers also match the footsteps and nowadays the suppliers also are 
getting opportunities from so many different areas. So, sometimes they might 
not give us priority. So, we need to expand our supplier base continuously.  
And in a product like us, it is always a difficulty that overnight you cannot add 
a vendor because their quality is going to be eventually reflecting on your 
overall product quality. So, lot of time goes on in investing in developing a 
vendor. And if suppose after 6 months I develop a vendor and then if he says 
that sorry Mr. Shah I won't be able to deliver you in this year because I've got 
an huge export order. 
[page 25]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
So then my 6 months get wasted and I am still remaining with the capacity 
constraint. Of course, we are trying to mitigate it by doing each and 
everything in our capacity. But yes, that can be someday a problem. Second 
is we don't know what happens with the war scenario if there is something 
abruptly going very wrong and if something comes which is totally out of the 
box unexpected.  
We don't know what can be done over there. And people yes, always there is 
a challenge on the people front because there is a huge amount of attrition 
happening in the entire sector. And our product being niche, very few people 
are there in this field. It takes a while to invest on people and develop on 
them. And we sometimes are not able to retain them. We are not always able 
to meet their expectations. So, yes, that's a challenge for us. 
Lakshminarayanan: And how are you, I mean as you scale up, your current supply chain would 
actually take you till what level? I mean of course it's a concurrent thing you're 
working. This kind of the next one year, do you think your supply chain is kind 
of completely buttoned up? 
Keyur Shah: At the moment everything is buttoned up, no problem for next two, three 
years. Unless something abruptly comes which was below the belt and which 
we never expected. 
Lakshminarayanan: Okay. And, and one other second question is... 
Moderator: I'm sorry to interrupt. 
Lakshminarayanan: No, no, just only one question madam. I just have only one question madam. 
You are taking capital, equity capital, right? And, and how do you consider 
equity over debt? Is it not debt just better for you like how did you… 
Keyur Shah: We understand that mathematically the debt is always a better route. But we 
also want good investors on our cap table and we also personally I am a bit 
debt-averse person. I would prefer to remain debt-free. 
Lakshminarayanan: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you. 
[page 26]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deep Gandhi from IThought PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Deep Gandhi: Yes. Hi sir. Sir, first question is on the retrofitting side. So, if you can let us 
know what was the revenue in FY26 from retrofitting and how do you see this 
number going in next two to three years? 
Keyur Shah: So, I understand it should be close to 6% or 7% of our overall revenue. And 
we see that gradually it will keep on increasing the way we are expanding our 
reach, and we are expanding our service and offerings to the international 
customers, making it more and more visible. 
So, and we are getting very good interest also from different customers across 
the world. So, I don't see there should be much a problem. Over there our 
MSR is very low, it is very high margin business. So, it is also close to our heart 
to increase that business. 
Deep Gandhi: Sure. Can you highlight what kind of EBITDA margin range do you make in this 
segment? 
Keyur Shah: I won't be able to give you an exact bifurcation. 
Deep Gandhi: Okay. And sir in terms of exports, I mean, in next few years the larger growth 
driver is going to be exports after the new plant comes in. So, I mean, what 
all things the team is doing, where are we in terms of approvals? 
Are we ready with all the approvals with our customers or do they first want 
to see the factory and only then we'll start getting the approvals? If you can 
run us through that journey. 
Keyur Shah: Yes. So, first part is to develop a relationship with them and to understand 
what would be they needing to approve us. So, somebody would say that I 
will need you to fill up all the documents and give me all the supporting 
credential and then we might not visit you. Somebody would say that unless 
I visit you, I will not start the process with you. 
So, it is, it is different with every customer. So, at the moment our approach 
is very clear. We are making a touch base with every decision maker and 
[page 27]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
trying to tabulate what they would need. If somebody wants a factory visit, 
then we would organize a factory visit. 
If somebody says we are okay with the Zoom call, then we will do a Zoom call. 
Somebody would say that send me all the documents when you are ready and 
then basis the document, we will approve you. So, we are okay for that also. 
So, whatever they want we are doing. And we are only increasing our reach. 
Deep Gandhi: Sure. Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rushin Shah from Molecule 
Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Rushin Shah: Sir, for the new plant which we are doing, out of INR153 crores capex, how 
much is already done and how much is pending? 
Keyur Shah: So, close to INR80 crores is already done and balance is now getting done in 
next two or three months. 
Rushin Shah: Okay. Sir, can you please give us split of 7,200 units sold in current year in 
terms of RIP, OIP and can you please give us split of units sold in RIP, OIP and 
HCP? 
Keyur Shah: It is, it is almost half-half. Around 3,500, 3,600 for both. 
Rushin Shah: Okay. And sir, can you throw some light on average realization for RIP, OIP 
and HC in domestic and exports both? 
Keyur Shah: But it is, it is always different on different rating. So, I would not be able to 
generalize it. 
Rushin Shah: But any sense, is there any increase in prices of bushing from last two, three 
years or... 
Keyur Shah: Yes, definitely there is an increase, no? Input cost has also increased and the 
price realization has also increased. 
Rushin Shah: Okay. And just to confirm, on the start of the call you have mentioned about 
EBITDA guidance of 25%. Is that right? 
[page 28]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
Keyur Shah: Yes. Right, right. 
Rushin Shah: Okay. Thank you. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shubham Padhiar from 
Chhattisgarh Investment Limited. Please go ahead. 
Shubham Padhiar: Yes. Hi. So, I just wanted to know how much bushings go into a transformer. 
So, let's say for a transformer manufacturer, a transformer he sells at 
INR50,000, so what would be the bushings cost for it? 
Keyur Shah: Approximately 5% of the transformer revenue is a bushing cost. And every 
transformer will need three bushings on the LV side, three bushings on the 
high voltage side, and a neutral bushing. 
Shubham Padhiar: Got it. That's it. Thank you. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Akshay from AK Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Akshay: Thanks for the follow-up, sir. I just had one small question regarding just, 
regarding the recent cyber incident that happened. Is the recovery done or 
what was that regarding? 
Keyur Shah: No, there is no recovery. We have filed a police complaint and there is an 
investigation which is happening. And it will only be revealed after the 
investigation is over whether we are able to recover or not. 
Akshay: Okay. So, for that we have that expense out from our P&L, that... 
Keyur Shah: Yes, we, we have already expensed it out. 
Akshay: Okay sir. Thank you sir. 
Keyur Shah: Thank you. 
[page 29]
  Yash Highvoltage Limited 
  May 14, 2026 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for 
today. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Keyur Shah for 
closing comments. 
Keyur Shah: Yes. Thank you everyone for showing the interest in Yash Highvoltage and for 
your continuous interest for our company and our activities. Looking ahead, 
priorities for FY27 are clearly defined. Successful commissioning and the 
ramp-up of the Greenfield facility remains our most important milestone. 
Along with this, we will also continue to strengthen our international 
presence, we will deepen our customer relationship, and also execute the 
Sukrut integration in a disciplined and a measured manner. We also remain 
committed to maintaining operational discipline, prudent capital allocation, 
and sustainable profitability while scaling up the business. 
To conclude, financial year '26 has been a defining year for Yash Highvoltage 
marked by record financial performance, a strong order book, meaningful 
strategic progress, and continuing strengthening of our competitive 
positioning. 
We wish to continue the same efforts for the upcoming year also and we are 
doing each and everything possible in our capacity to ensure that we are able 
to utilize this time looking at the strong tailwinds. We are expanding our 
global opportunities, localization-driven growth initiatives, multiple strategic 
projects nearing completion. 
We believe the company is entering the next phase of its growth journey and 
from a position of significant strength. We thank you once again for joining us 
today and for your continued interest and confidence in Yash. We look 
forward to interacting with you again in the coming quarters. Thank you so 
much everyone. And thanks, AdFactors for organizing this call. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Yash Highvoltage Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us today and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
