[page 1]
 
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD. 
CIN: U401099GJ2002PLC40833 
An ISO 9001: 2015 Certified Company 
Regd. Factory :  84/1-B, P .O. Khakhariya, B/h. General Motors, Halol – Champaner Road, Tal.- Savli , 
Dist.: Vadodara-391510, Gujarat (India). mailto:sales@yashhv.com 
       Corporate Oﬃce: 601 & 602, “OZONE” Sarabhai Compound, Sarabhai Marg, Near Genda Circle, Wadiwadi, Gorwa, Vadodara – 390003, Gujarat 
 
 
Date: 21ST   January 2025 
 
Corporate RelaƟons Department 
BSE Limited 
2nd Floor, P . J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544310 
 
Sub: : - Investor MeeƟng- Submission of Transcript. 
Re:  ISIN- INE00GK01023 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 of the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 
2015, please ﬁnd below the Investor MeeƟng Transcript of a Virtual meeƟng held with Tiger Assets on 
Saturday, 11th January 2025. 
 
The same will also be uploaded to the website of the Company.  
 
We hereby request you to take the above informaƟon on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Yash Highvoltage Limited 
 
 
 
 
Tushar J. Lakhmapurkar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer 
MEM. NO. : FCS- 3809 
[page 2]
 
 
 
 
“YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED 
Q2 FY ’25 Conference Call” 
January 11, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUMIT PODDAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL   
   OFFICER – YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED  
MR. TUSHAR LAKHMAPURKAR – COMPANY 
SECRETARY – YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED 
MR. NIRAV PATEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –         
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR:  MR. ANSHUL MITTAL – TIGER ASSETS 

[page 3]
Moderator: Are there any other transformer manufacturers who are also planning to foray 
in to bushing space or have any current manufacturing with them. 
 
Nirav Patel: Transformers manufacturers already are there, if you google the same, I will 
not be able to name here. But if you google the largest three in the world 
transformer manufacturer globally, you will ﬁnd they have their own 
manufacturing facility of bushing globally. These are our main compeƟtors also. 
 
Moderator: Correct. 
 Majority of manufacturers, transformer manufacturing are sourcing the 
bushing, they do not have bushing manufacturing capacity. 
 
Nirav Patel: Exactly, it is a bought out for them. 
 
Moderator: Correct, okay. Understood sir. 
What is the usual life of bushing in transformer plant and hour frequency does 
it need to be replaced? And also menƟon for both OIP and RIP . 
 
Nirav Patel:  See, Power transformers is supplied to end users such as Power Grid, NTPC and 
end users such state uƟliƟes like GEB, GETCO, MSEB, TSEB or Karnataka Power 
State Electricity Board. So, in their power sub-staƟons, the transformer is 
installed. The life of OIP Bushing, well-made OIP Bushing is expected anywhere 
between 15 to 20 years from date of installaƟon and commission, and life of 
RIP Bushing is expected to be anywhere between 30 to 35 years. 
 
Moderator:  Understood.  
 
Nirav Patel:  But to answer your quesƟons, yes, replacements are required, it was you know, 
it is very very complex High powered sub-staƟon and high energy sub-staƟon, 
there are several factors that may aﬀect the product life cycle. It is not just by 
manufacturing capability or quality of product, but several other transients, 
highvoltages and over voltages,rain , wind, earthquake and several other 
factors aﬀect the equipment. So, yes there is a large scope of repairs or 
replacements coming of during the life cycle of products, before the life cycle 
has been achieved. 
 
 Secondly , globally there are lot of Grid upgradaƟon happening. So for example, 
UƟlity has 1000 transformers with convenƟonal OIP Bushing and now they 
have decided to allocate a budget that will replace old bushing to new one, like 
change of old compressor in the fridge proacƟvely so the food does not get 
spoilt, so such decision to change the old bushing to new one, this will also 
open the door of new expansion, that OIP to RIP interchangeable size and 
voltage to replace, in exisƟng grid and to increase life of Transformers. So this 
is also one possibility here, of replacement. 
[page 4]
 
Moderator: Understood sir. Also I want to ask that what is the total % cost of Transformer 
Bushing as compared to the cost of Transformer? 
 
Nirav Patel:  I will tell you the range of OIP and RIP Bushing. In terms of power transformer 
cost, the bushing costs anywhere between 2% to 6% depending on the type of 
Bushing. 
 
Moderator: Okay, understood. 
Sir, what is export as of today, like you menƟoned, you are exporƟng to 60 
countries, what is export % as of today and post expansion of RIP , what % of 
export are you looking in next few years? 
 
Nirav Patel: Today, RIP bushing we are not exporƟng because of market restricƟons. So all 
exports we do today is our indigenous products which is OIP Bushings and High 
current Bushing. So overall, as on date 40% is exported compared to total sales 
of OIP and High current Bushings. 
 
Moderator: Can you provide break-up of current sales of OIP , RIP and High current 
Bushings? 
 
Sumit Poddar: Yes, with respect to revenue, RIP is 70 to 80% of Total Revenue, OIP is 15 to 
16% of Total Revenue and High current Bushing is 4 to 5% of Total Revenue. 
 But in relaƟon to quanƟty, both OIP and RIP are equal. As RIP’s price index with 
respect to OIP is 4 Ɵmes.  
 
Moderator: Understood. 
 The liability aspect associated with transformer bushing manufactured by your 
company, given the criƟcal role, transformer bushing playing safety and 
reliability of electric systems, I would like to understand the potenƟal 
conƟngent liability in the event of Company’s product failure. Could you 
provide insight into the types of liability clauses which are typically included 
into the contract with customers or suppliers. How does the company manage 
and miƟgate this, associated with potenƟal product failure considering high 
conƟngent liabiliƟes as business grows? Are there speciﬁc quality assurance or 
tesƟng protocols in place, to reduce the likelihood of these issues that might 
lead into liability claims? Thankyou. 
 
Nirav Patel: I will answer this in 2-3 Steps. 
 
 We have very latest and imported infrastructure in the factory, even as on 
today, lot of machineries are imported. A part from that we have a well 
established in-house engineering team which not only designs the products, 
but also carries out FEM simulaƟon by computer aided technology, 2D and 3D 
[page 5]
modelling as well as FEM simulaƟon, which through the soŌware, it will tell 
you how your product will perform electronically and mechanically. Okay, a 
very very advanced soŌware and technology is uƟlized in this simulaƟon, so 
design part itself is taken care of.  
 
 Secondly, we have high-power test laboratory where 100% of our ﬁnished 
products are tested in line with the internaƟonal standards for rouƟne tesƟng, 
high-voltage tesƟng, impulse tesƟng, etc. Basically, all these tests give you the 
measures of product quality and these are very very stringent tests as per 
standards. So, our ﬁrst pass yield, % of product passed in the 1st tesƟng is 99% 
at our plant level. In addiƟon to this, in the new green ﬁeld factory, (today we 
have 2 EHV Labs in our exisƟng factory, one Low-voltage Lab and one extra 
High-voltage Lab), 3 addiƟonal Test Laboratories, one is for 400 kV, one for 245 
kV and one upto 72 kV. So, diﬀerent range of products can be tested at diﬀerent 
labs. So we have several test labs where we can test the products. Lot of our 
equipment are also imported from Switzerland, Austria and China. 
 
 Now despite all these things, what we do, suppose for the criƟcal nature of 
product, the product fails, we have limited liability clause in our contract with 
the customers, wherein we only cover maximum liability upto the price of the 
product supplied and not for any consequenƟal liabiliƟes. In case of any 
catastrophic damage, if it is established that it happened because of our 
product manufacturing defect, that is also a very long drawn and long process, 
it is possible to establish that what has caused the failure, through analysis and 
through engineering and study, and working closely with the customer. If it is 
established that damage or problem is because of manufacturing defect of my 
product, sƟll I am liable to the maximum product replacement, or the price of 
the product supplied and not any conƟngent liabiliƟes. 
  
 Secondly, if any legal or liƟgaƟons come in line with that, the company has kept 
suﬃcient provisions of Corporate General Liability Insurance (CGL) Policy to 
cover the same. 
 
Moderator: Great, great. Understood. 
 Regarding seasonality present in Business, do we have such seasonality in 
Business as we see in transformer business, and if yes, what is the break-up of 
H1 and H2 for the performance of the Company? 
 
Nirav Patel: I will not term it as seasonality. Today the industry is growing in mulƟplied 
fashion, and demand is growing in mulƟplied fashion. So, two factors, one is 
that usually the projects and its movements, from the stage of tendering to the 
award of the contract, from uƟlity to the transformer manufacturers, the enƟre 
cycle and chain, is designing and funcƟoning in such a way that majority of 
supply part comes in H2. It is same for power transformers and bushings also. 
[page 6]
So based on Ɵming, when project awarded and then considering the lead Ɵme 
of equipment inspected and dispatched and when sites are ready for 
commissioning the transformer, that the way it is running normally pickup in 
H2 and number also reﬂected in H2 only. 
 
Moderator: So, it is fair to assume that 60-65% revenue is booked in H2 and balance in H1? 
 
Nirav Patel: Yes, yes – you can say that. It is 40-60 split between H1 and H2 normally. 
Another thing driving today, this movement of material, is availability of Raw 
material, okay, RIP core/ bushing is in so high demand, globally and 
manufacturers are so overbooked, that supply of ﬁnal product also depends on 
the availability of Raw material. So somehow over past 3 years, this is also 
worked out in such a way that more and more material come in H2. These 2 
are driving factors. 
 
Moderator: Okay great. Understood. 
 Sir, with respect to operaƟng margins, can you provide us the break-up at 
operaƟng margins, between OIP and RIP Bushing. And right now, 70% revenue 
is coming from RIP , so going forward now, do we expect these margins to shape 
and post capacity expansions also? 
 
Sumit Poddar: About margins, we have Material to Sales RaƟo (“MSR”) for RIP Bushing close 
to approximately 60% while OIP 70 to 75% depending on the segment to whom 
we are selling and the High current Bushing, 30 to 35%, these are the raƟos. 
The blended MSR, it is around 60 to 62%. 
 
Moderator: Sir, this is the Gross Margin, right? 
 
Sumit Poddar: Yes, Gross Margin. 
 
Moderator: Can you share about the EBITA as well as PAT Margins? 
 
Sumit Poddar: EBITA product level, just you have to add another 20% to arrive. Let’s say for 
High current Bushing having 35% MSR and then 20% you have to add, so it is 
at 55%. 
  
 So, 45% EBITA we have in High current Bushings, 20 to 22% for RIP Bushings 
and 13 to 15% for OIP Bushings. 
 
Moderator: Okay, understood. 
 
Sumit Poddar:  RIP Bushings have adequate load on revenue, so it will increase the EBITA 
Margin in OIP Bushings. 
 
[page 7]
Moderator: Okay. 
 Sir, as we see that 40% business is in H1 and balance in H2, so similar set of 
margins are also perceived, depending on the business? 
 
Sumit Poddar: Yes deﬁnitely, the margins are driven by sales. 
 
Moderator: Understood. 
 Sir, how does demand generaƟon works from new capacity we are adding, is 
the demand locked-in already or how much in advance gets locked-in the 
Bushings? 
 
Nirav Patel: The scenario is such that, ﬁrst I will tell you about power transformers. We have 
learnt so far that the transformer manufacturers in India are booked for 1.5 to 
2 years, and transformer manufacturers abroad in Europe and USA, their enƟre 
capacity is booked for 3 to 5 years from today. So what happened is, 
considering RIP Bushing lead Ɵme having 9 to 12 months from the Ɵme the 
transformer manufacturers places an order of Bushing, the RIP Bushing today 
are now available in 9 to 12 months i.e. lead Ɵme. So like transformer 
manufacturers are booking orders for 3 to 5 years, the RIP Bushing 
manufacturers are placing orders for 1.5 to 2 years. So as and when, their 
project moves then they place, is what I am seeing 1.5 years down the line as 
product transformer for which I am placing bushing order today. 
 
Moderator:  Understood. 
 But sir, usually if a transformers manufacturing company’s order booked is for 
3 years, then as you menƟoned, the Bushing manufacturing company booking 
is 1-1.5 years. 
 
Nirav Patel: Correct, correct.  
 
Moderator: Sir, with respect to clients as of today, are the transformers like Voltamp, 
Indotech, all of these top key transformer players, are clients today 
domesƟcally? 
 
Nirav Patel: If you google transformer manufacturers in India, and whatever name comes 
out, everyone is my customer. And major and repeat customers. 
 
Moderator: What would be top 5 customers contribuƟon of your Company, if we have 
data? 
 
Nirav Patel:  Around 70%. No, if product mix based, then it is 40 to 45%. 
 
 
 
[page 8]
Moderator: Understood, great. 
 Assuming current revenue of Company is Rs. 140 Crore, given the new 
expansion at RIP 6000 units with beƩer realisaƟon, can this new generated 
capex contribute Rs. 500 crores revenue, carrying total revenue of Rs. 600 
crores for the company, over a period of next 3 to 4 years? (PROSPECTUS REF.) 
 
Nirav Patel: Over a period of 5 years, revenue of Rs. 400 to Rs. 500 Crore can be achievable, 
total.  
 
Sumit Poddar: As our facility will come down the line at almost one and half year, so in the 
ﬁrst year itself we will not be able to scale the enƟre capacity building for RIP 
Bushing okay. This is a very criƟcal product, so we have to pass through various 
tesƟng & approvals from the respecƟve bodies. So, deﬁnitely we are keeping a 
goal of taking this capacity up to 10000 units of RIP core & 10000 units of RIP 
down the line over 7 years from 6000 units. But that is true if we have approvals 
from day one for 6000 units, not a single unit of 6000 bushing will be available 
in inventory. That is the tracƟon of demand of this product. But you have to 
understand about the criƟcality of this product & all the approvals from 
statutory bodies, even if it is a new product, & we have the facility of exisƟng 
technology of assembly, sƟll you need to pass the new product passing through 
various tesƟng from exisƟng laboratory & external laboratory, this may take 
some Ɵme. So, I believe that down the line, deﬁnitely revenue will go mulƟfold. 
 
Moderator: Understand, sir . 
 If a Companies are shiŌed transformed companies are elected and revenues 
are going mulƟfold then why we are not able to see replicate our numbers. And 
can we say huge jump in H2 if there are many delays in supply in ordering cycle? 
 
Nirav Patel: See, transformer revenue grows in those numbers due to high value of 
transformers there is a lot of material input there which is very very high value 
material like copper and CRGO & mild steel and everything else. Like I told you 
bushing contributes to 2 to 6% of value of power transformers. So if you say if 
5000 or 6000 bushing YASH is selling in a year with 140-150 cr. is exisƟng 
turnover you have to actually mulƟply in terms of % of contribuƟon to 
transformer revenue in a way catering to 10000 cr. transformers market, with 
our 140 Cr . exisƟng scale & if you see our CAGR over past 5 to 7 years, it has 
been closed to 25% or more. So company has grown at a healthy rate and 
proporƟonate to the transformers industry we are going in the same 
proporƟon. It is just that value contribuƟon of our product is small, so that is 
why you see transformers industry is in thousands of crores, and the bushing 
as a component or accessory of transformers is in hundreds. 
 
 
 
[page 9]
Moderator: Understood. Very well Sir . 
 What are the perceived gaps from the manufacturing of the RIP cores at the 
right placement & successful deployment of greenﬁeld capability. For example, 
do we have the design knowhow, raw material access, and any other potenƟal 
roadblocks that need to be addressed? 
 
Nirav Patel: UpƟl now only roadblock was money,  we have that now. The other things are 
there with us. 
 
Moderator: Correct. And do we have, do we fall under Government policy of subsidy 
scheme or relief for transformer bushing manufacturing? 
 
Nirav Patel: So, I am very opƟmisƟc hoping for this now. See RIP bushing because of high 
demand & criƟcal nature and high dependence on imports, the GOI producƟon 
linked incenƟve (PLI) Scheme in the 10 or 15 special products from the Power 
Sector they have included in PLI scheme and RIP bushing is at No.1. So for 
seƫng up Greenﬁeld expansion, we are closely working with the Ministry of 
Power & CEA to avail beneﬁts of upcoming PLI scheme also. 
 
Moderator: Understood Sir . 
 What is our JV with our Swiss partner, and how they help us currently with the 
technology contribuƟon in new upcoming project? 
 
Nirav Patel: So, I will split the same in 2 things, with the Swiss company who is today 
supplying RIP Core to me, with them today the relaƟon with them is purely a 
supplier and a customer prospecƟve. They iniƟally gave us the technology and 
we paid them one-Ɵme technology fees for technology of assembling. So, at 
present they are my purely core supplier. I already have learnt how to 
assemble, test & supply, and I have been doing that since last 7 years & more 
than 15000 assembled RIP bushings have gone from YASH factory to the Indian 
grid. The technology of the core which we are developing, that is not from the 
same company. It is from other technology consultant who is expert in RIP Core 
technology manufacturing. So, it is also a Swiss group. I cannot name the 
company, and their company is giving us the indigenous core manufacturing 
technology. 
 
Moderator: Very well Sir. So, do we have any sort of royalty aƩached to that? 
 
Nirav Patel: No. 
 
Moderator: Understood Sir . 
 Sir, few quesƟons are relaƟng to our market share in India. As you menƟoned 
10 players, what is the market share of us as of today? 
 
[page 10]
Nirav Patel: So up to 245 kV, in RIP bushings, YASH has 70 % market share as on day. For OIP 
bushings up to 245 KV in India, we have 35 to 40 % market share. 
 
  
Moderator: Okay Sir, that means that majority of the bushings are currently being imported 
by remaining players. 
 
Nirav Patel: Not majority, like I menƟoned that up to 245 kV, 75% is our market share. So 
other porƟon is imported & again for remaining market share, there are few 
other players in India also, and they have their local market share. So now that 
local manufacturers are coming up, the import share is slowly reducing over 
the past 3 years.  
 
Moderator: Also, with respect to orders book, what is the current orders book, and can you 
provide the break-up with respect to RIP , OIP & others? 
 
Nirav Patel: See, I cannot reveal the numbers explicitly, but I can share with you a very 
healthy order book. But what my next year's sales & revenue budget what we 
will be projecƟng as a growth of this year's sales, I have booked which can cover 
that and beyond also. 
 
Moderator: Correct, Great Sir. Deﬁnitely, not an issue Sir. 
 
 Sir, few couple of last quesƟons, can you name few peers you menƟoned but 
who are localised or unlisted peers we have as of today. 
 
Nirav Patel You mean compeƟtors? Yes so there is one Crompton Greaves (CG), well known 
name and there is GE T & D India Ltd, and Hitachi Energy, again well known 
names, GE and Hitachi which was formally ABB. So I think all three of them are 
listed and Unlisted, there is Mehru MIM, Mehru Isolator MASA which is JV 
between Indian and Russian Company, MIM.  
 
Moderator: Fair enough, fair enough. 
 And sir by when we are expecƟng a new Capacity to go like w.r.t OIP bussing, 
small expansion as we did as well as  RIP Core, can you state again please. 
 
Nirav Patel: The OIP expansion which will go live by end of February this year, always in a 
very advance stage and it is almost complete now and RIP by March 2026, that 
the Facility will be ready for commissioning, then we will start tesƟng , 
developing all those things. 
Moderator: Perfect, Perfect. Great Nirav ji, Great Sumit ji, Thank you Nirav ji for the detailed 
explanaƟons and for paƟently answering the quesƟons and detailed 
discussion. It help us to understand the importance of  bushing in the enƟre 
Power Space as well as ParƟcipants, we would like to give you brief disclaimer 
[page 11]
that whatever the informaƟon has been shared on this plaƞorm has been 
shared for knowledge purposes and please do your own due diligence before 
invesƟng and parƟcipaƟng in any sort of investment decision.  
 Great Sir, Thank you Nirav ji, Sumit ji. 
 
Nirav Patel: Thank you Raghav, Anshul and the enƟre Team of Tiger and thank you to all the 
ParƟcipants, we look forward to meeƟng good amount of expectaƟons and you 
know we are a Company having ambiƟous vision to be among the top 5 players 
of Transformer bushing globally, Ɵll now we have been diligently working very 
hard towards the Goal and DirecƟons and with that dream to take an Indian 
brand Global, some day we will open our headquarter near by Apple, that is 
the Global dream of YASH COMPANY. 
 
Moderator: Deﬁnitely Sir.  Great InteracƟon with you. And this market and we as an 
investors will help you to achieve this dream. Thank you very much. 
 
Nirav & Team: Thank you . Bye Bye. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
