[page 1]
 
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LTD. 
CIN: U401099GJ2002PLC40833 
An ISO 9001: 2015 Certified Company 
Regd. Factory :  84/1-B, P .O. Khakhariya, B/h. General Motors, Halol – Champaner Road, Tal.- Savli , 
Dist.: Vadodara-391510, Gujarat (India). mailto:sales@yashhv.com 
       Corporate Oﬃce: 601 & 602, “OZONE” Sarabhai Compound, Sarabhai Marg, Near Genda Circle, Wadiwadi, Gorwa, Vadodara – 390003, Gujarat 
 
 
Date: 2nd June 2025 
 
Corporate RelaƟons Department 
BSE Limited 
2nd Floor, P . J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 544310 
 
Re:  ISIN- INE00GK01023 
 
Sub: Disclosure of Transcript of the Analyst/ InsƟtuƟonal Investor MeeƟng  
 
This is further to our leƩer dated 22nd May 2025, wherein we had given an advance inƟmaƟon of the 
upcoming Analyst or InsƟtuƟonal Investor MeeƟng in terms of RegulaƟon 30 (6) of the SEBI (LisƟng 
ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) RegulaƟons, 2015.  
 
Pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 of SecuriƟes and Exchange Board of India (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure 
Requirement) RegulaƟons, 2015, please ﬁnd aƩached herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call on 
Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Half year and year ended March 31, 2025, held on 
Wednesday, the 28th of May 2025 at 12.00 Noon. 
 
The transcript is uploaded on company’s website under the below link: 
 
hƩps://yashhv.com/investor-presentaƟon-press-notes-newspaper-publicaƟon 
 
Kindly take the same on record and acknowledge receipt. 
Thank you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Yash Highvoltage Limited 
 
 
 
Tushar J. Lakhmapurkar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Oﬃcer 
ICSI MEM. NO.: FCS- 3809 
[page 2]
 
 
YASH HIGHVOLTAGE LIMITED 
 
Half Yearly & Yearly Financials of FY 31st MARCH 2025 
Earnings Call 
 
Wednesday, On 28th May 2025 at 12. Noon. 
DuraƟon of Call : 1 hour & 05 minutes 
 
 
Management Team Represented by 
 
Shri Keyur Shah, Managing Director 
Shri Nirav Patel, ExecuƟve Director 
Shri Darshan Thakkar, ExecuƟve Director 
Shri Sumit P . Poddar, CFO 
Shri Mitanshu Shah, Head- IR 
  
[page 3]
 
 
 
Keyur Shah , Managing Director: 
 
Good morning dear Investors and friends. 
 
I Keyur Shah, MD of company - welcome you to con call of Yash Highvoltage Limited post FY25 
result. 
Your company scaled newer heights by posƟng 38% increase in sales to Rs. 152 crs from Rs. 
108 crs in Fy24. Company also witnessed marginal improvement in material sales raƟo from 
54% in PY to 53.8% in CY on its total income. Impressively, EPS increased from 5.57 per share 
to 8.92 per share. 
  
In tandem, PAT increased from Rs. 12.32 crs to Rs. 21.40 crs in CY denoƟng 14.26% of sales, 
signiﬁcantly, higher than 11.36% in PY . ROCE was robust at 20.23%. Working capital conƟnues 
to be our focus and we are well below industry average Inventory Holding Period at 62 days 
while receivables stand at 49 days. We conƟnue to remain net debt posiƟve with cash and 
bank balance of Rs. 50 crores as on 31st March 2025. 
  
We have a clear strategy for the next 5 years. The demand for our product is growing locally 
as well as globally. Power Sector is one of the thrust areas for Government spending as well. 
We will conƟnue to focus on high value and high margin products like RIP and HC bushings 
with increased price realizaƟon per unit and ensuring checks and balances on cost eﬃciencies. 
  
While we had very impressive growth over last 5 years, we shall conƟnue to grow at 30% +/- 
over next half decade. We shall strive to maintain EBDITA at current levels and also improve it 
as we get into our new plant. The new greenﬁeld plant has a land area of 1.6 lacs sq. Ō with 
built up area of 1.2 lac sq. Ō in Vadodara and would be ready by H2 of next year with total 
outlay of Rs. 90 crores. 
  
Export speciﬁcally in markets like US, EU and Middle East will be focus area considering it helps 
expand margins going ahead.  In FY 25, we have seen a growth of almost 2x in exports. We 
have already incorporated a company in US i.e. Yash High Voltage US Inc which is a 100% 
subsidiary of YHVL. This is in line with our strategy of “Local in Global”. 
  
Our nimbleness helps to be agile and be world class when it comes to lead Ɵme, cost 
eﬃciencies and quality. This helps us compete large corporaƟons and make inroads into their 
market share.   
[page 4]
 
 
  
That there is an investment lined up in majority of the countries including India and the 
demand of our product speciﬁcally is growing locally as well as global and power sector. As 
you all know is one of the thrust areas for the government spending India also.  
 
 
We will be focusing on our focus on niche products. We as a company are being focusing on 
majority products in our segment in the machines.  And where either they are import, 
subsƟtute or where there is a huge global acceptance and there is a demand where there are 
few players. 
 
Why did we have impressive growth over the last ﬁve years. We should also try and conƟnue 
and improve the growth rate in the coming years. We are expecƟng that the EBITA levels will 
also improve substanƟally once we are ready with the new Greenﬁeld project which is 
expected to be up and running by this Ɵme  next year, before that, we should be compleƟng 
all of our trials and project is going on schedule and we are expecƟng everything to be ready 
by this ﬁnancial year end and by the middle of next year we should be up and  running with 
the commercial producƟon. The new greenﬁeld factory is around 20 kilometers from the 
exisƟng factory and is built on 4 acres of land with construcƟon of 1.2 lacs square feet. Exports 
are reasonably increasing, and we are increasing our footprints in majority of the developed 
countries. Also, we have a huge focus on the retroﬁt segments where we can focus on the 
replacement market. Probably there are very few companies oﬀering such soluƟons in our 
industry.  We have incorporated a new company in USA.  The idea is to start with the sales 
oﬃce, followed by puƫng up our service personnel and then further we may also start 
localizing the assembly / producƟon. 
  
We have clear strategy of making our sales local in a global locaƟon and we will also like to 
going forward, add certain more products to the product line for which we have also created 
100% subsidiary in the name of YASH HV POWER COMPONENTS PVT LTD , where we are 
looking for and we are already in process of developing and partnering with certain 
manufacturers  for a Ɵe-up.  
  
So just to increase our oﬀerings to the customers in the sector, we are reasonably clear, we 
would like to conƟnue our focus on the transformer sector, and we would keep our eﬀorts in 
the same direcƟon.   We are also increasing the presence of our team globally as well as in 
India.  The objecƟve is to be as close to the customer as possible. With local presence.  
 
[page 5]
 
 
I have reasonable support assured from all our global customers. We see posiƟve energy and 
posiƟve response for the company at all the global levels at Outlook forms and from the power 
uƟliƟes. 
 
With this, I would like to reiterate that the company is on a high and sustained growth path 
and will now request your quesƟons. Thank you so much for listening paƟently.  
The ﬂoor is now open for quesƟons from all of you. 
 
Que: Lakshminarayanan K G  : (TUNGA INVESTMENTS) 
 
So, if I just, you know, look at your margins, I just want to understand we are extremely 
proﬁtable, and our margins are at good levels.  Now, what is your outlook on margins over a 
slightly a longer period of Ɵme, maybe three to ﬁve years? Because I   understand that there 
is always compeƟƟon that comes in when margins and growth rates are high in any industry, 
So, I just want to like to hear your thoughts on this.  
  
 
Keyur Shah, Managing Director: 
 
Thanks for your quesƟon. I would like to inform that the new factory what we are creaƟng will 
be localizing manufacture of RIP cores which we today are imporƟng from Switzerland or 
China. The main advantage of localizing the manufacturing of this product is that we will be 
having a signiﬁcant cost advantage overseas. Also of course the savings on transportaƟon 
(freight) plus the import duty will help us reduce our input cost. 
 
We also see that once we start making it here, we will have a huge Global plaƞorm available 
for us which is not the case in the present arrangement.  Currently, we are selling the RIP 
Bushing only in India so now we will have a huge global opening for us. 
  
We see a good possibility of increasing the margins as well as opƟmizing the cost of 
producƟon.  
 
So, to answer your quesƟon, margins should see reasonable beƩerment from the present 
ﬁgures. .  
  
 
 
[page 6]
 
 
Lakshminarayanan K G    
That's interesƟng here.  So, if I just look at your RIP and OIP I look at the high voltage 
Transformers because that's wherever mainstay is? How you are looking at growth for the 
next three years or so. You know how easily achievable. You know how? How do you look at 
your business?  
 
Do you look at your business as Based on the number of Transformers that are  made, I just 
want to understand how you do business planning for the next three years.  
 
 
Keyur Shah, Managing Director: 
  
Just give you some rough idea. Worldwide demand has increased substanƟally.  There are 
investments coming in diﬀerent sectors, including renewables and data center and 
infrastructure.  
  
So, the investments in the transformer sector is increasing drasƟcally and the lead Ɵmes of 
the Transformers are increasing, not only in India, but almost all the locaƟons including 
Europe, US everywhere.  
 
Now if you see the number of Bushing manufacturers versus the Transformers manufacturers 
Bushing manufacturers are handful versus the number of transformer manufacturers. So.  
today, the situaƟon is that, at least for next two or three years, there is a market for whatever 
the company can produce.  
 
There is always a pull versus a push. There is today such a big demand that people are not 
able to deliver on Ɵme even today as we as customers we are starƟng to get material from 
our suppliers because they are also super loaded. So supply chain is a constraint. Geƫng a 
customer is not a constraint today.  Everybody today is focusing on strengthening their supply 
chain. So, wherever we are a supplier, our customer is more and more inclined and coming 
and discussing their next three years plans and they're ready to book today for their next three 
years requirement with us.  
 
Similarly, that is what we are also doing with our supplier. The major reason why this should 
conƟnue and should not be a worry is that we able to ﬁlter out the right customers, who are 
important for us from a product mix or client mix perspecƟve.  
 
[page 7]
 
 
Lakshminarayanan K G    
 
Got it, got it. This is very helpful, Sir, and I'll get back in queue. Sorry, my video is not 
working.  I'm dialing from a very low bandwidth, so sorry.  Apologies for that and I'll get back 
in queue, Sir .  
  
Keyur Shah, Managing Director: 
 
Yeah, sure. No problem.  
Yes, Mr. Advait.  
  
Que. : Advait Arora (Wealth Enrich)  : 
 
Thanks, Mr Keyur and Team Yash, an excellent set of numbers.  
A couple of quick queries from my side.  
 
Firstly, looking at your operaƟng proﬁt margins and the sales and the proﬁts that you've 
delivered going forward for the next couple of years with your expansion, I believe incoming 
ﬁnancial year, it should go on stream.  
 
What projecƟons Can we look at for the next two ﬁnancial years?  
  
Keyur Shah, Managing Director: 
 
I will not like to speak about the next two years projecƟons because I next one and half or two 
years, will sƟll go in the CapEx and also the new plant geƫng fully operaƟonal and post that 
the plant approval, tests etc So, I would suggest that we talk of at least four or ﬁve years. Of 
course, the next two years the Company has already got enough order book today and we 
have our supply chain in place for the next 1 1/2 or two years, so next one and half or two 
years we can  easily maintain the growth rates what we have been growing historically groing 
at from 2008 onwards.  We see a possibility of much more expanded top and boƩom line, 
with the market ge ƫng wider open for us with the  
Localized RIP bushings and also as I spoke earlier, the proﬁt margins,  
We see increment with the localized products geƫng exported where the costs are geƫng 
opƟmized with local producƟon versus import components and also the  
Product is geƫng exported to the global locaƟons which again are in a much demand and  are 
ready to pay a beƩer price.  
[page 8]
 
 
 Advait Arora (Wealth Enrich): 
 
Right. Thanks 
  
Keyur Shah, Managing Director: 
 
So. We can, you know, as I reasonably reach a top line of may be at least 3-4 four fold 
between now and at the end of the 5th year from today.  
  
Que: Advait Arora (Wealth Enrich): 
 
OK, great. And another quesƟon, Keyurbhai in the bushings domain, are you looking at new 
technologies coming up, any sort of a replacement / enhanced technology which you're 
looking at or any R&D on much superior type of bushing products, you are already doing one 
of the you know one of its kind of top premium quality but anything else that comes to your 
mind?  
  
Keyur Shah, Managing Director: 
 
So, this is a very interesƟng situaƟon and that ﬁrst of all the technology what we are bringing 
in the new factory is already the latest one.  Beyond that, there is no latest innovaƟon in 
bushing technology what we see today or going forward in at least the next 10 to 15 years. 
There is no other technology which is under development which can come. 
  
So, whatever is the latest that we are doing. And the second quesƟon was on the   
InnovaƟon what we are doing as a company, probably we are amongst one or two or three 
almost not more than three companies who has been developing products for global 
standards. 
 
So, we are developing products not only for the IEC products, we are also doing it for the IEEE 
design, which is more for the American and the South American countries.  
We are also doing something very special for the European market.   
We are also doing something very special for the Russian.   
Market. So, we are not only developing technology, we are also adapƟng to global standards.  
 
 
[page 9]
 
 
Technology is one part.  Another part is a standard because every country has their own 
speciﬁc standard which they would like the supplier to adopt. So, we are doing both the things 
while we are adapƟng to new technology, we are also adopƟng the new standards and that is 
where we see our acceptability increases more and more.  
  
Advait Arora (Wealth Enrich) : 
 
Excellent. Thanks, Keyurbhai for the clarity. I'll get back in the queue for any more quesƟons. 
Thanks.  
 
Keyur Shah, Managing Director: 
 
Mr. Somil, please go ahead.  
  
Somil Jain : 
 
This is the ﬁrst Ɵme we have interacted. I have a few quesƟons around.  
You know the new plant that is coming up.  
So when do you see that happening and what is the potenƟal in that?  
First on that and then I'll come up with other quesƟons.  
  
Keyur Shah, Managing Director: 
 
Sorry, I could not understand your quesƟon about the uƟlizaƟon of one.  
 
Mitanshu Shah:  
 
Somil, can you take liƩle near because you know your voice is cracking?  
We're not able to listen the full quesƟon.  
  
Que.: Soumil Jain: 
 
Yeah. So, I was asking, what is the uƟlizaƟon levels of our plant right now?  
  
Keyur Shah, Managing Director: 
 
Ah, the exisƟng factory.  
[page 10]
 
 
 Nirav Patel – ExecuƟve Director: 
 
Can I come here?  
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
Yeah.  
  
Nirav Patel – ExecuƟve Director: 
 
So my name is Nirav Patel. I'm the execuƟve director for global business.  Good aŌernoon to 
all of you. Did you mean the capacity uƟlizaƟon, Mr. Soumil?  
  
Soumil Jain  : 
Correct, yes.  
  
Nirav Patel – ExecuƟve Director: 
 
Yeah. So the capacity uƟlizaƟon of the factory today is between 50 to 60% aŌer addiƟon of 
the new manufacturing capacity for OIP products last year, which was commissioned in the 
last ﬁnancial and with the addiƟon of the new factory of RIP Bushings machines, the total 
capacity of both the factories combined will be close to 15000 or 16,000 annually. And today 
the capacity is close to 9000 or 10,000 Bushings with the exisƟng setup.  
Out of which we are at 50% uƟlizaƟon.  
  
Soumil Jain: 
 
OK.  
So the RIP plant will come online in what Ɵmelines, sir? 
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
By Next year this Ɵme, it will be  fully operaƟonal.  
  
 
 
 
 
[page 11]
 
 
Soumil Jain : 
 
OK, from the current 9000- 10000 bushings, we go to 15000- 16000 bushings in a year from 
now.  
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
Exactly. Exactly.  
  
Nirav Patel – ExecuƟve Director: 
 
That will be the capacity, and it will take gradual Ɵme to reach that capacity because when we 
talk of a new unit, yeah, new unit then there will be several diﬀerent product raƟngs which 
will be developed, type tested and rolled out based on policy. So it will take a gradual period 
of a year or two to reach that capacity.  
  
Soumil Jain : 
And. Sure, sure, sure.  
  
OK. So if I try to extrapolate capacity and volume and volume into volume had to come at 
revenues, would it be? Can you just help understand the value diﬀerenƟal between RIP and 
OIP bushings?  
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
So there is a diﬀerence between what we see in India versus abroad, OKAY . 
Typically, in India the price realizaƟon or if you see the rate diﬀerence between a similar raƟng 
of RIP versus OIP , the diﬀerence is close to 4 and 1/2 Ɵmes of what it is in  the global market 
and  one and half or two Ɵmes in the local market 
  
So  a ₹100 OIP in India of the same raƟng RIP will be around 400 to 500.   In the global markets,   
$100 OIP product might be close to plus +-200 for a RIP product.  that's the diﬀerence.  
  
Soumil Jain: 
 
OK.  Sorry, how much is the global RIP?  400 to 500 if hundred for OIP .  
  
 
[page 12]
 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
No, in India the same product will be four or ﬁve Ɵmes when it is in RIP versus OIP and in the 
global locaƟon it is close to double plus -10 to 15%.  
  
Soumil Jain: 
 
OK, And what is the diﬀerenƟal between India and global for OIP itself?  
 
 Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
Sorry, it is almost 2 and  1/2 Ɵmes if I if I have a product in India at ₹100,  If the same 
product goes in export, then that would be close to 220 or 240.  
  
Soumil Jain: 
 
OK. And so currently what is India and outside foreign mix right now import.  
Sorry, domesƟc and export mix right now.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So far, the oil impregnated products which we have been developing and which is not under 
any collaboraƟon where we are only dependence in our manufacturing and our selling OK.  
So there the quanƟty wise contribuƟon is close to 35% to 40% is what is geƫng exported.  
  
Soumil Jain : OK.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
And value wise also similar between say 35 to 40% is the export in the overall balance sheet 
It is not so much visible because over 80% plus business is from RIP , which is only dedicated 
to India.  
 
So, once we are ready with the new plant and when we start exporƟng from the new plant, 
probably we see a signiﬁcant increase in the overall export business which will be, you know, 
substanƟal looking at the reach, what we have already created for Yash and the global 
locaƟons.  
[page 13]
 
 
 Soumil Jain: 
 
OK, and so from the current capacity of nine to 10,000, what is the OIP capacity and RIP 
capacity?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So today we have increased the capacity to 9 or 9 1/2 or 10,000, out of which OIP , between 
6000 to 8000 Bushings and balance in RIP . We are only in today's present arrangement we 
are assembling and tesƟng, right?  
 
So the manufacturing infrastructure is more dedicated towards the OIP because that we see 
also huge potenƟal in the export. So it is once we say it is 15,000 Bushings, then almost 50- 
60, percent would be shared between OIP and RIP but almost close to 50%.  
  
Soumil Jain: 
 
OK. So just to sum it up and aŌer this I'll get back in the queue. Currently aŌer the out of the 
9000 to 10,000 bushings capacity 6-7000 is OIP .  
 
The rest is RIP bushings and the incremental capacity that you're puƫng up about 5000 
bushings. That is all rip and that is that'll be largely manufacturing from the new factory.  
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
Right.  Exactly, You’re right, Sir.  
  
 
Soumil Jain: 
OK, OK.  
Now I'll get back into it. Thank you.  
  
Que : Ayush Agarwal: 
 
Hello.  
Great Sir. First of all, congratulaƟons on a superb set of results.  
I'm also very new to the company, so I just want to understand this backward integraƟon 
thing which you menƟoned.  
[page 14]
 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
Yeah.  
  
Ayush Agarwal: 
 
No, I was reading up on it and it seems that the acƟve parts of these bushings which we import 
from, like you know, Switzerland, these are extremely highly technical products with you know 
very few companies globally actually doing it. 
  
Especially for the RIP bushings.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Yes, Sir. Yes, Sir.  
  
Que: Ayush Agarwal: 
 
Sir, what kind of you know, R&D or tech collaboraƟon we have done to be able to in house 
manufacture you know these acƟve parts because as I understand like the insulaƟon part of 
it, it's extremely diﬃcult and like I said, only few companies possess the technology to do it so 
if you can throw some light.  Then it will be really helpful because this is a very big step for the 
company.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Sure, sure, sure.  
Which company are you from sir. Have we met earlier?  
  
Ayush Agarwal: 
 
No, Sir, we have not met earlier .  
I would love to meet you in person someday.  I am from MiƩal AnalyƟcs.  
We are on a plaƞorm called Screener and have a PMS and manage our family money.  
  
 
 
 
[page 15]
 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
 
So I would inform you that yes, we agree that this product is made by a handful of companies 
and when we go for the localizaƟon of RIP core we have taken adequate care to hire the best 
engineering group who have been successful in this.  And the team working on that side and 
on our side on the R&D are both having hands on experience, and we have done enough 
eﬀorts from our side to select the team from our side also and the team from the engineering 
consultant.  They also having experience of developing this product from concept to 
commissioning.  So we are in safe hands.  
  
Ayush Agarwal:  
 
OK. And if I understand correctly then these acƟve parts would be 35- 40% of our total raw 
material cost.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Maybe a bit more than that.  
  
Ayush Agarwal: 
 
OK. And what kind of value addiƟon can happen like?  Is it a learning process where we start 
doing few things in house and then you know how to indigenize completely, or you think that 
right from the beginning that can happen and start something on the quality as well?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So we have to make it fully only because if you want to, there is no way by which we can do a 
small batch producƟon and then do a trial and then go for a larger investment. Because even 
if I have to produce 1 sample, I sƟll need the machine. I sƟll need the mixer . I sƟll need the 
machine on which I wind the paper and do the mixing and the dosing of the products.  
So ﬁrst of all, it has to be full capacity only which I have to install.   
I have no way by which I can do a small batch and what I am and hence the equipment’s what 
we order have to be for the capacity for which the factories are planning to put up the 
investment so that we have done and we have made sure that the ordering and the stage 
[page 16]
 
 
inspecƟons with the suppliers will l go through in line of the agreement what we have with 
the consultant. 
  
Also, plus one more important thing is that we already are pushing the manufacturer.  
So, the concepts are clear with us since last 20 plus years because we have been making 
bushings.  So, we understand the concept.  
 
Everything changes between oil and resin, we have been doing with oil and this is with resin, 
but since again we have been selling the products for the last 10 years, we have gone 
through all the challenges.  
What the RIP bushing manufacturers go, you know what, 10 years of our journey with RIP . 
So we are reasonably aware of what goes inside.  
  
Ayush Agarwal: 
 
Understood. Yeah.  
Thanks for answering my quesƟon. I will connect with you separately. Thank you.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 Mr. Tahir or Mr. Raman is coming, Sir.  
  
Que : Taher Hydrabadwala: 
 
Thanks Sir.  
 
Sir, I wanted to ask about your order book, Sir. Like, can you tell what the current order 
book?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Yeah. So we have almost an order book, which can take care of our next year invoicing if we 
have to target 25- 30% growth.  So, we have reasonable order book which can take care of 
the ongoing year now i.e. 2025- 26.  
  
 
 
 
[page 17]
 
 
Taher Hydrabadwala: 
 
OK, Sir.  
Thank you.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Yeah, Mr. Adhvit, you want to ask something?  
  
Advait Arora (WealthEnrich): 
 
Yeah, Keyurbhai. Thanks again for your opportunity.  
 
Just a couple of things. With the internaƟonal sort of geopoliƟcal issues happening, I 
understand you're also exporƟng to over a couple of dozen countries overseas.  
In your opinion, there should be any iniƟaƟve that you're taking or any sort of a Plan B that 
you're keeping in mind with looking at especially in the US and developed markets about the 
geopoliƟcal issues.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So, we don't see any issues coming in our way because bushings as such are in demand 
everywhere and there is a shortage of bushing suppliers. So companies across the world need 
to import be it Europe, or USA or Middle East or Australia or Israel. Everywhere there is a need 
of more and more transformers than the booking suppliers are very less so there is no sort of 
any restricƟon or any sancƟons which are coming on, which can you know, bring along any, 
any fall or any slower growth or acceptability of an Indian market in any global locaƟon?  
 
Plus, we see,  from the geopoliƟcal standpoint, also, India has been reasonably able to manage 
a good diplomaƟc relaƟonship everywhere. So that means we don't see any much problem.  
 
 Advait Arora (WealthEnrich): 
 
Great. Thanks, Appreciate it.  
 
 
 
[page 18]
 
 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Yes, Mr. Lakshmi.  
  
Lakshminarayanan K G : 
 
Yeah, few more quesƟons Sir. 
So I just want to understand your partnership, right? 
I think you have a partnership with a Swiss company right now.  
How much of your products are based on that technology and how much it is on other 
technology from a revenue point of view right now. That'll be my ﬁrst quesƟon. 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So ﬁrst of all, there were two types of arrangements with the Swiss company or rather three 
types of arrangement.  Earlier we were their agent in the very iniƟal Ɵme 12-13 years back 
where we used to just simply bring their products and we used to sell here.  
 
Later, we had partnered with them for localizing the RIP bushing here, where we used to 
import the Cores from them and we used to assemble the bushings in India and then third in 
2018, they became an equity partner in the company which in 2024 we bought back the 
equity. So from partnership perspecƟve, there is no equity parƟcipaƟon currently From the 
selling agreement, we have an agreement in place where they supply RIP Cores to us as a 
supplier. It is under an agreement where they have to supply for a couple of more years that 
is in place and that is a very open and transparent discussion with them. 
  
There is no restricƟon that we cannot buy from somewhere else, so that is very much 
informed to them. We are buying from other suppliers also because the demand has increased 
drasƟcally and they are also not able to meet our requirements.   
So we are also presently buying from other suppliers and there is no restricƟon on the 
manufacturing that it should happen only with their order, not with somebody else There are 
no LimitaƟons on the contractual part. So as a supplier today they are suppliers, and they will 
conƟnue to supply us and we will conƟnue to buy Ɵll price wise is aﬀordable.  
  
 
 
[page 19]
 
 
 
Lakshminarayanan K G : 
 
And what is a mix, Sir?  
Because you said you buy from them and then second you also buy from others.  
 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Presently from other suppliers, it is 25 to 30% progressively.  
  
Lakshminarayanan K G : 
 
They were equity partner and now they are not equity partners anymore.  
Now they also would see that, you know, we are extremely proﬁtable, and we are actually 
growing faster.  
 
So is there a possibility for them to either increase their pricing to us or ask for some royalty?  
I mean, how is it? 
How is it going to be for the next 2-3 years? 
 
So we have actually have an agreement where they cannot increase the prices or mean how 
does it work, Sir? Because they are not equity partners anymore.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
There is no doubt. Yeah. So, there is no restricƟve agreement that they cannot increase the 
price. And again, wherever there is any need, they would come back to us and they would 
ask for a price rise and which we keep on checking with the other global suppliers also. So if 
the price is increasing, it will increase everywhere.  
 
They have not been unreasonable with us earlier, also when they were partners and today 
also when they are not an equity partner. The relaƟonship has been the same. There has been 
no change. Or any, we don't mess in the relaƟonship or any such thing which, you know, may 
cause anyway by which you know, they would not be suppor Ɵng us.  
That has not happened, and we have got a very good cordial relaƟon, professional relaƟonship 
and also personal relaƟonship.  Both are strong and healthy.  
[page 20]
 
 
  
Lakshminarayanan K G : 
 
And for them in India. How much is that? We have exclusivity for them or is it like they 
supply to others also?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
That it is an exclusivity that they can exclusively supply to us only but there is no exclusivity 
at our end that we must buy from them only.  
 
 Lakshminarayanan K G: 
 
And this exclusivity is for how many years?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
At least three more years.  
  
Lakshminarayanan K G: 
 
Got it.  And just from an, I mean how large is this company from a turnover point of view?  
So their business of bushing? I mean how large is their sales globally?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So bushing wise they might be two and half Ɵmes bigger than us.  
  
Lakshminarayanan K G : 
OK. 
  
KEYUR SHAH- MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
They are a part of Pﬁﬀner group, so Pﬁﬀner is manufacturing other products also like 
instrument Transformers and Disconnectors and Breakers. They also have test equipment 
companies as part of Pﬁﬀner group. So, Moser Glaser, our technology partner earlier or the 
[page 21]
 
 
core supplier or our earlier equity partners a part of Pﬁﬀner Switzerland, In the bushing 
industry, they might be two and half Ɵmes of us 
  
Lakshminarayanan K G: 
 
Got it, got it.  In terms of number of bushings or in terms of sales because.  
 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
In terms of sales in number of bushings we may be at par with them.  
  
Lakshminarayanan K G: 
 
Got it, got it.  So, one more quesƟon.  So, see what I understand is this is a very long cycle 
tesƟng product because it goes through mulƟple tests, a supercriƟcal in a part.  
So when you go to these internaƟonal companies and internaƟonally, you're geƫng the 
orders. How is your sales cycle?  How elongated it is and what gives you comfort that you 
can. Because what I understand is like a three- or ﬁve-year cycle to empanel. So can this.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Rightly Put. 
  
See, bushings are a very criƟcal component of a transformer. It generally takes a Ɵme while 
for people to accept a new make. The ﬁrst issue is with the make general apprehension when 
there is an end user like the industry or a uƟlity, maybe a thermal staƟon or a hydro staƟon or 
renewable side, or maybe a general transmission staƟon, generally the end user. Then the 
consultants are a bit apprehensive about a new bushing supplier. 
  
And it takes a while to win their trust. Once the make gets registered in their mind, or once 
they have used the make for certain Ɵme, maybe two years, three years, one year. Then 
they're a bit more comfortable with the maker and the manufacturer because during that Ɵme 
they also come. This is the facility.  
 
[page 22]
 
 
They also interact with the team, so once they are comfortable then more and more products, 
what you launch from their factory then gets a good welcome and especially they are in 
demand of that product. Then generally the whole process goes very fast. 
  
IniƟally, I agree it takes 2- 3-4 years for people to accept a new make, and especially when we 
come from this part of the world where you know we have our own challenges in geƫng 
acceptance in the European or in the American Customers. So we were fortunate that we 
worked hard for last 10-15 years in creaƟng a good image for the company not as only a 
bushing supplier, but also as a soluƟon provider because a number of occasions we have been 
able to give so many soluƟons either in terms of adapƟng their design or in terms of adapƟng 
their speciﬁcaƟon or also someƟmes delivering much faster as what they could have got from 
their present supplier. So all the customers whom we have catered, they carry very good image 
about YASH. 
  
We get some quicker delivery schedules at Ɵmes, but they are also assured of our 
performance delivery schedule, price and everything.  
  
Lakshminarayanan K G: 
 
Got it, got it.  
So one last quesƟon.  
So things are going good for us in terms of our Ɵe ups in terms of our internaƟonal foray 
capacity building and you know excepƟonal team, if you can just call out one thing which 
you always constantly worry and you actually always try to act upon it proacƟvely in the for 
the next 3-4 years, what it would be so.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
That is only one thing which we always keep. Vigilance is on the quality of the product.  
We have to be very careful that our product should not cause any problem to any customer 
because it in such a product where the applicaƟon is too criƟcal.  
It is very important that we maintain the quality and we should not be a cause of concern for 
any end user or the OEM.  
So if you're able to maintain a good quality, if you're able to give on Ɵme, if you're able to 
give a good rate, we see that not only for three or ﬁve, many, many more years that keep 
coming and keep on increasing So if you are able to maintain the quality then we don't see 
any risk.  
[page 23]
 
 
  
Lakshminarayanan K G : 
 
Oh God. Got it. Thank you so much and looking forward to meeƟng you in person.  
OK, bye.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
Mr. Raman.  
Mr. Raman or Mr. Ayush Agarwal or Abhijit Mitra?  
  
Abhijit Mitra: 
 
Yeah. Hi, this is Abhijit. I'm from Ironia Salva investment management.  It's a cat 3 ﬁrm. I 
don't think we have interacted before.  
So I have few quesƟons.  First of all, on the CapEx side, what kind of CapEx are you planning 
to do for you know next three years?  
I mean, if you can sort of layout broad outlines and you know that would be great.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR OR: 
  
So presently we have a greenﬁeld expansion project going on for RIP bushings and the factory 
should be ready in about 12 months and aŌer that we don't see any further CapEx for two or 
three years. This capacity what we will build should take care of our plans Ɵll 2030. AŌer 2030 
that we don't see any major addiƟon which we need to do as CapEx. It might be only some 
minor equipment which we might need to do for material handling or for storage or for the  
Internal mobility etc but majority CapEx, we have taken care in this investment. So with this 
15- 16 thousand bushings, what we create a capacity we should be good to go for next four 
or ﬁve years, at least three to 5 yrs.  
  
Abhijit Mitra: 
 
And what would be the annual CapEx numbers for 26 or 27? I mean what's that number that 
you're targeƟng?  
 
 
 
[page 24]
 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
You're talking of revenue?  
  
Abhijit Mitra: 
 
No annual cap ex capital expenditure for 26 or 27.  
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
So in 2025-2026, in this ongoing year, we plan to complete the major investments of upto 
85-90 crs plus I don't know the exact ﬁgure, whatever it is.  I am not having the exact 
number handy, but all the investments should get completed before March 26.  
  
Abhijit Mitra: 
Understood.  
  
Sumit P. Poddar, CFO 
 
This is summit, the CapEx plan already given in the DRHP .  You can follow it from there.  
  
Abhijit Mitra: 
 
Yeah. Yeah, got it.  
And in terms of margin expansion or gross margin expansions, currently you executed FY25 
at 47 1/2 percent. If you can sort of highlight what kind of expansion you're aiming, once 
inhouse RIP bushings are in place  Can it expand by 200 basis 300 basis?  I mean 
direcƟonally, I mean what?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So, I would like to, you know, reserve that answer because it will not be right on my part to 
throw any numbers.   
  
I can only say broadly that as I said earlier in the iniƟal part of the call, since we are going to 
opƟmize the cost by replacing an imported product versus a domesƟc product made in house 
[page 25]
 
 
and the market is geƫng expanded much more globally, Do I see the same margins? Probably 
you are all much more experienced than me in ﬁnance.  
 
So, you can put the numbers. You know then what sort of increase we can expect in 
proﬁtability?  
  
Abhijit Mitra: 
 
And lastly, what kind of Expansion in the industry are you witnessing in the Indian market?  
I'm sure given the kind of stretched supply scenario; other players also would be looking at 
expanding, So any any sort of you know thoughts or observaƟons on that?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
As per our understanding today, there are at least 15 plus transformer companies in India who 
are invesƟng between say Rs. 300 to 500 crores in their facility.  OK, you might have your own 
resources also or your investments in the transformer sector.   
 
So almost there are 14- 15 companies who are invesƟng in Capex and expanding their 
facility.  So that that sort of investments, if people are making you, must you, you will agree 
that you know there is a potenƟal, which is happening not only at India level but at global 
level because the Indian companies are geƫng reasonable acceptance on the global markets 
also. Of course, there are investments happening in other parts of the world also in 
transformer. But at least in India I can say that all the major transformer manufactures (top 
20) all of them are invesƟng even the smaller ones are now coming into power or those who 
are into the medium power now they are coming into large.   
Or those who are into distribuƟon. Now they're coming into power generaƟon.  
So investments are happening across the transformer industry, and we are bushing suppliers.  
We are happy that you know some or the other one will sƟll be able to supply.  
  
Abhijit Mitra:  
 
No, no. I was asking about the investment or the expansion in capacity in bushings, 
transformer bushings, parƟcularly within India.  Apart from you, what would be your?  
 
 
 
[page 26]
 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Okay. There are two or three players who are already invesƟng or who are already invested, 
so we see that maybe instead of the present situaƟon, the compeƟƟon might have one or 
two more suppliers so that we are aware.  
  
 
Abhijit Mitra: 
 
Right. But in terms of talent, would your expansion be clearly at the top of the industry as in 
the expansions other?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
No, no, I would not say that everybody is making their own investments. Ours will not be 
more than the others.  
  
Abhijit Mitra: 
 
Got it, got it. Great. Thanks.  
Wish you all the best.  
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
Thank you, Sir.  
Mr. Mohit Bharani please. 
  
Mohit Bharani: 
 
Yeah. Hi.  CongratulaƟons on good set of numbers. I am Mohit from Vijay Growth Funds. 
So I have some couple of quesƟons. As you menƟoned in RHP that we are targeƟng 5% of 
service addressable market that comes to around 1300 crore top line FY 29. So are we 
targeƟng that number?  
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
There is some I didn't get you.  
What was the quesƟon?  
[page 27]
 
 
  
Mohit Bharani: 
 
Yeah. As we menƟoned in RHP that we are targeƟng 5% of serviceable addiƟons in our 
industry that come to around 1300 CR top line in FY-29.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So when we menƟon about 5%, that is about the range what we manufacture, right?  
  
Mohit Bharani: 
 
Yeah.  
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
 
So we are not manufacturing the complete range. So we do not manufacture say 400 kva or 
765 KV or a 1200 KV. So we have to see the market from the product range that we cater to.  
  
Secondly, few things can be an aspiraƟon, right?  
And few things are what we achieve. Of course we have an aspiraƟon to be among the top 
bushing players globally and to address that market.  
Why not?   
  
Mohit Bharani: 
  
OK.  
Got it, got it.  
So how much top line we can achieve post commencement of new plant and in which year 
maximum top line?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
We have to cross the bridge we reach there, right?  So at the moment we can grow revenues 
three to four-fold minimum in by 2030. Beyond that, it will not be right to, you know, speak 
today.  
[page 28]
 
 
  
Mohit Bharani: 
OK, OK.  
Got it, got it.  
So my last quesƟon is what are the challenges we are facing in our business in 2-3 years? 
What might be challenges we are observing?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Supply chain and talent management.  
Geƫng the right people along with you, retaining them is always a challenge, right?  It's not 
only for me, your sector also you might be facing the same.  
  
Mohit Bharani: 
 
Right. OK.  
Thank you. Thank you.  
  
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
Yeah, Mr. Aman Soni.   
  
Aman Soni: 
 
Yes, Sir, I was checking.  Actually, I joined a bit late.  
I was checking your CWIP there is a big amount there, right?  
So I want to understand what kind of CapEx are we undertaking right now and with the help 
of this CapEx, how do you see FY 26 two shape up?  
 
KEYUR SHAH- MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So the present Capex should get completed by March 2026..  
That is point #1, but we don't see signiﬁcant revenues coming from the new plant in 2027, 
OK, that will be something we will be coming up from the new plant, but we also see that 
ﬁrst couple of months will also go into the plant approval and also geƫng the faciliƟes in 
accepted. 
So for once bushing will be produced, we will go for type test and also the plant inspecƟon. 
Everything will happen. There might be certain revenues coming from this factory, but as a 
[page 29]
 
 
company for 26-27, we have got a reasonable order book today and which we are increasing 
every day. So from the present facility where we are operaƟng from today, we should take 
care of 2025-26 and 2026-27.   
  
 
Aman Soni: 
 
So what kind of what kind of growth are we targeƟng from our exisƟng faciliƟes?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So as I menƟoned, we have been doing historically between 25 to 35%.  We should maintain 
that.  
  
Aman Soni: 
 
OK. And secondly on the order book side, you are saying we are geƫng decent inquiries and 
stuﬀ. So can you put some color on who are these end customers?  Who are these end 
industries?  Where are you seeing the tracƟon in terms of demand?  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
So, we have got clientele from almost all types of end users.  We have the power staƟons,  
many of the renewable sites, steel industries, cement industry is expanding, railways are 
expanding, so in a nutshell, end users are almost all the data centers, renewable sites are also 
there with the genera Ɵng and Transmission sites are also there.   
And also, the industry at large.  
  
Aman Soni: 
 
So parƟcularly on the data center, what kind of product are we supplying?  
What is its use case?  What kind of problems are we solving and how?  
How big it can be because looking at the hyperscale’s they are looking to expand more and 
more towards the data center, parƟcularly in India.  So how do you see this as an 
opportunity for us?  
 
 
[page 30]
 
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Yeah. So we are developing certain special range of bushings for data centers and that we 
are already is we are already started execuƟng the orders there is specializing which goes for 
data centers and we are already supplying that.  
 Aman Soni: 
 
OK, understood.  That's it from my side, Sir.  
All the best for the future. Thank you.  
 
Keyur Shah - MANAGING DIRECTOR: 
  
Anybody else?  
OK so.  
Can I go to the closing comments?  
Anybody else?  
 
So, thank you everyone for parƟcipaƟng in this call listening to the updates from our side. I 
hope we have been able to address most of your queries. If there is anything which is missed 
out, anyone can reach out to our company secretary by e-mail and we will be also able to 
address it from our ﬁnance side also and if any anything else from our end, please feel free to 
write us or inform us.  And if anybody is traveling on this side, please send your message.  So 
we'll also be able to show you around our facility.  
 
 
Thank you all.  
