[page 1]
             Date: October 03, 2025  The Manager, DCS   The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai  Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655                                    The Manager National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK     Sub: Press Release   Dear Sir/Madam,   Please find enclosed herewith a press release in regard to Grant of License to Goodluck Defence and Aerospace Limited, a material subsidiary of the Company, under Indian Arms Act, 1959 for manufacturing of empty shells titled ‘Goodluck India Limited's Subsidiary Secures Landmark License for Artillery Shells Manufacturing’.   This is for your information and record.  Thanking You For GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED    (Abhishek Agrawal) Company Secretary M.No. A20983  Encl:- as above          
[page 2]
 
 
 Goodluck India Limited   Goodluck India Limited's Subsidiary Secures Landmark License  for Artillery Shells Manufacturing  3rd October 2025 Goodluck India Limited, a leading engineering conglomerate, announced that its subsidiary, Goodluck Defence & Aerospace Limited (Goodluck Defence), has received industrial license under Indian Arms Act, 1959, for the manufacturing of for all major sizes including 105mm, 120mm, 125mm, 130mm, 155mm and under the 155mm category HE M107, ERFB, ERFB BB and ERFB BIT medium-caliber artillery shells. This milestone positions Goodluck Defence at the forefront of India's burgeoning defence manufacturing ecosystem, establishing the company in the league of select distinguished suppliers. With an initial manufacturing capacity of 150,000 shells per annum which is planned to be further augmented at its state-of-the-art facility, Goodluck Defence is poised to commence trial production in Q3FY26, transitioning swiftly to full-scale commercial operations.  This strategic move underscores Goodluck India's unwavering commitment to indigenization and technological excellence in the defence sector, aligning seamlessly with the 'Atmanirbhar Bharat' initiative. Anticipating robust demand and a surge in enquiries from domestic and international stakeholders, Goodluck Defence has outlined ambitious expansion plans. This forward-looking strategy will not only address escalating need but also cement Goodluck Defence’s role as a reliable pillar in India's artillery ammunition supply chain. This development is expected to unlock substantial revenue streams for the company, leveraging its proven expertise in precision engineering. The company remains committed to adhering to the highest standards of quality and safety in the defence manufacturing sector, ensuring that every shell produced meets the highest calibre to satisfy the needs of the Indian military and allied forces across the globe. Tripartite Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for the Development of Advance Medium Combat Aircraft (‘AMCA’) programme. Goodluck India Ltd had on 30th September 2025 entered into a Tripartite Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) along with BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd (BATL) and Axiscades Technologies Ltd to collaborate for the Development of Advance Medium Combat Aircraft (‘AMCA’) programme and to participate in the Expression of Interest (EOI) floated by Aeronautical Development Agency, Bengaluru (‘ADA’). By combining strengths in engineering, systems integration, electronics, and defence manufacturing, the consortium is poised to contribute significantly to India’s strategic autonomy and establish the country as a hub for next-generation aerospace innovation. Expression of Interest (EOI) has been successfully filed for the same post this arrangement  Commenting on the update, Mr. Mahesh Chandra Garg, Chairman, Goodluck India Limited, stated "This approval for artillery shell manufacturing, especially being amongst select distinguished companies, is a testament to our strong technical and engineering capabilities and relentless pursuit of innovation and operational excellence. We are thrilled to embark on this transformative journey, which not only elevates Goodluck's stature in the national and global defence arena but also contributes significantly to our nation's 

[page 3]
 
 
security imperatives. As we ramp up production, we are confident that Goodluck Defence will deliver world-class, high-precision artillery solutions.  Further our participation in the EoI for the Development of Advanced Medium Combat Aircraft marks another defining milestone for Goodluck India Ltd, and also for the broader vision of indigenous aerospace excellence. The AMCA is more than an aircraft – it is a symbol of India’s technological sovereignty, and we are honoured to contribute to its realisation. We are well positioned to address the growing demand for advanced artillery systems and Combat Aircraft systems to meet both domestic and international needs. This is more than just a business milestone – it's a proud step towards a stronger, sovereign India and the beginning of an exciting growth trajectory for Goodluck India.”  About Goodluck India Limited: Founded in 1986, Goodluck India Limited is a premier engineering solutions provider specializing in the manufacturing of Defence Products, High-End Forgings, Heavy Fabrication of Steel Structures for High Speed Railway Network and Infrastructure Projects, Precision Tubing for automotive and Others. The company is led by first-generation techpreneur Mr. Mahesh Chandra Garg, an IIT Roorkee alumnus, and supported by three generations of professionally qualified family members, showcasing a legacy of over 39 years of industry excellence. Goodluck India has evolved from a traditional manufacturer to a diversified engineering solutions provider with a strong presence in high-growth sectors such as Automotive, Solar, Railways, Defence, and Infrastructure. The company’s diverse product portfolio ranges from ERW pipes to railway bridges, catering to industries like construction, oil & gas, renewable energy, and more. Its strategic involvement in emerging sectors, including Defence and active participation in India's first Bullet Train project, highlights its commitment to innovation and technological advancement. Operating six state-of-the-art manufacturing plants across Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat, with a total capacity of 5,00,000 MTPA (including 2,85,000 MTPA of high-margin value-added products), Goodluck India serves over 600 customers globally, exporting to more than 100 countries. The company employs over 4,000 professionals dedicated to maintaining the highest standards of quality and efficiency, backed by ISO 9001:2008 certification. Goodluck India continues to focus on driving growth through strategic investments in technology, product diversification, and expanding its global footprint, with a strong commitment to quality, innovation, and sustainability.     For further information, please contact  Goodluck India Limited  E: investor@goodluckindia.com www.goodluckindia.com KAPTIFY® Consulting  Investor Relations | Strategy | Consulting E: contact@kaptify.in   | M: +91-845 288 6099 www.kaptify.in     

[page 4]
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer 
This document may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities law and regulations. 
These statements include descriptions regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company or its directors and officers 
with respect to the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ from those in such forward-looking 
statements as a result of various factors and assumptions which the Company believes to be reasonable in light of its operating 
experience in recent years. Many factors could cause the actual results, performances, or achievements of the Company to be 
materially different from any future results, performances, or achievements. Significant factors that could make a difference to the 
Company’s operations include domestic and international economic conditions, changes in government regulations, tax regime and 
other statutes. The Company does not undertake to revise any forward- looking statement that may be made from time to time by 
or on behalf of the Company 
