[page 1]
            Date: October 01, 2025  The Manager, DCS   The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai  Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655                                    The Manager National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK     Sub: Signing of Tripartite Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) for AMCA   Dear Sir/Madam,  Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Company has entered into Tripartite Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) along with BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd (BATL) and Axiscades Technologies Ltd to collaborate for the Development of Advance Medium Combat Aircraft (‘AMCA’) programme and to participate in the Expression of Interest (EOI) floated by Aeronautical Development Agency, Banglore (‘ADA’).  A Press release in this regard is attached.  This is for your information and record.  Thanking You For GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED    (Abhishek Agrawal) Company Secretary M.No. A20983  Encl:- as above         
[page 2]
 
 
 Goodluck India Limited   Goodluck India Ltd enters into Strategic Alliance with BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd (BATL) and Axiscades Technologies Ltd to Bid for AMCA’s Indigenous Manufacturing  01 October 2025 Goodluck India Ltd, in a strategic alliance with BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd (BATL) and Axiscades Technologies Ltd, has signed a tripartite Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to jointly bid for the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO)'s Advanced Medium Combat Aircraft (AMCA) programme. The alliance, formalized on Wednesday, 30th September, 2025, brings together the complementary expertise of Goodluck India Ltd, BrahMos Aerospace Thiruvananthapuram Ltd (BATL) and Axiscades Technologies Ltd to respond to the Expression of Interest (EoI) issued by DRDO’s Aeronautical Development Agency (ADA) for the manufacturing and supply of AMCA. This strategic partnership aligns with the Government of India’s Atmanirbhar Bharat initiative, aiming to strengthen indigenous defence capabilities. By combining strengths in engineering, systems integration, electronics, and defence manufacturing, the consortium is poised to contribute significantly to India’s strategic autonomy and establish the country as a hub for next-generation aerospace innovation. The AMCA programme, fully designed in India by ADA, seeks to deliver a cutting-edge fifth-generation stealth aircraft featuring advanced avionics, super-cruise capability, internal weapons bays, and state-of-the-art electronic warfare systems. This collaboration underscores the collective commitment of Indian industry leaders to advance indigenous defence technologies and deliver world-class aerospace solutions. Commenting on the update, Mr. Mahesh Chandra Garg, Chairman, Goodluck India Limited, stated "This collaboration marks another defining milestone for Goodluck India Ltd, and also for the broader vision of indigenous aerospace excellence. Our partnership with BrahMos Aerospace and Axiscades is rooted in a shared commitment to innovation, national security, and self-reliance. By bringing together our proven strengths in defence-grade manufacturing and engineering, we are poised to play a critical role in one of India’s most ambitious and strategic defence programmes. The AMCA is more than an aircraft – it is a symbol of India’s technological sovereignty, and we are honoured to contribute to its realisation.”  About Goodluck India Limited: Founded in 1986, Goodluck India Limited is a premier engineering solutions provider specializing in the manufacturing of ERW Steel Pipes, Hollow Sections, CR Coils, CDW Tubes, Forgings & Flanges, Telecom & Transmission Line Towers, Substation Structures, Bridges for Road & Railways, and Road Safety Equipment. The company is led by first-generation techpreneur Mr. Mahesh Chandra Garg, an IIT Roorkee alumnus, and supported by three generations of professionally qualified family members, showcasing a legacy of over 37 years of industry excellence. 

[page 3]
 
 
Goodluck India has evolved from a traditional manufacturer to a diversified engineering solutions provider with a strong presence in high-growth sectors such as Automotive, Solar, Railways, Defence, Aerospace and Infrastructure. The company’s diverse product portfolio ranges from ERW pipes to railway bridges, catering to industries like construction, oil & gas, renewable energy, and more. Its strategic involvement in emerging sectors, including Defence & Aerospace and active participation in India's first Bullet Train project, highlights its commitment to innovation and technological advancement. Operating six state-of-the-art manufacturing plants across Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat, with a total capacity of 5,00,000 MTPA (including 2,85,000 MTPA of high-margin value-added products), Goodluck India serves over 600 customers globally, exporting to more than 100 countries. The company employs over 4,000 professionals dedicated to maintaining the highest standards of quality and efficiency, backed by ISO 9001:2008 certification. Goodluck India continues to focus on driving growth through strategic investments in technology, product diversification, and expanding its global footprint, with a strong commitment to quality, innovation, and sustainability.    For further information, please contact  Goodluck India Limited  E: investor@goodluckindia.com www.goodluckindia.com KAPTIFY® Consulting  Investor Relations | Strategy | Consulting E: contact@kaptify.in   | M: +91-845 288 6099 www.kaptify.in     Disclaimer This document may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities law and regulations. These statements include descriptions regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company or its directors and officers with respect to the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ from those in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors and assumptions which the Company believes to be reasonable in light of its operating experience in recent years. Many factors could cause the actual results, performances, or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performances, or achievements. Significant factors that could make a difference to the Company’s operations include domestic and international economic conditions, changes in government regulations, tax regime and other statutes. The Company does not undertake to revise any forward- looking statement that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company 

