[page 1]
 
 
 
  Date: December 24, 2025 
 
The Manager, DCS   
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655                                    
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK   
 
 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Para B of Part A of Schedule III thereof, we 
hereby inform that Goodluck India Limited (“the Company”) has purchased the plot of land along with 
construction thereon and furniture & fixtures etc., situated at II-F, 166 & 167, Nehru Nagar, Ambedkar 
Road, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh – 201001, India (“Property”). 
 
The requisite information as per Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is annexed hereto as 
“Annexure-A” 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You 
For GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
(Abhishek Agrawal) 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A20983 
 
Encl:- as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
“Anneexure –A” 
 
 
Details under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, read with SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024  
 
 
 
Particulars Remarks 
1. Name(s) of parties with whom the 
agreement is entered; 
1. Mahesh Chandra Garg 
2. Ashish Garg 
3. Kanak Lata  
4. Savitri Devi  
2. Purpose of entering into the 
agreement; 
Purchase of plot of land along with construction thereon 
and furniture & fixtures etc., 
3. size of agreement; Rs.52,00,00,000/- (Rupees Fifty-Two Crores Only) 
(exclusive of Stamp Duty and R egistration Fees and 
other related expenses which shall be in actuals) 
4. Shareholding, if any, in the entity 
with whom the agreement is 
executed 
Not Applicable 
5. Significant terms of the 
agreement (in brief) special rights 
like right to appoint directors, first 
right to share subscription in case 
of issuance of shares, right to 
restrict any change in capital 
structure etc.; 
Purchase of plot of land along with construction thereon 
and furniture & fixtures etc., situated at II-F, 166 & 167, 
Nehru Nagar, Ambedkar Road, Ghaziabad, Uttar 
Pradesh – 201001, India, together with all absolute 
rights, title and interest attached thereto. The 
consideration shall be paid through banking channels 
only. 
No special rights such as appointment of directors, 
preferential subscription rights, or any restrictions on the 
capital structure are conferred or granted under this 
Agreement 
 
6. Whether, the said parties are 
related to promoter/promoter 
group/ group companies in any 
manner. If yes, nature of 
relationship; 
Yes. The counterparties are related to Promoter / 
Promoter group of the Company. 
1. Mahesh Chandra Garg- Promoter 
2. Ashish Garg- Promoter Group 
3. Kanak Lata - Promoter Group 
4. Savitri Devi- Promoter Group 
 
7. Whether the transaction would 
fall within related party 
transactions? If yes, whether the 
same is done at “arm’s length”; 
Yes. The transaction qualifies as a Related Party 
Transaction and the same is done at arm’s length basis. 
8. Incase of issuance of shares to the 
parties, details of issue price, 
class of shares issue 
Not Applicable 
9. In case of loan agreements, details 
of lender/borrower, nature of the 
loan, total amount of loan 
granted/taken, total amount 
outstanding, date of execution of 
the loan agreement/sanction 
Not Applicable 
[page 3]
letter, details of the security 
provided to the lender s / by the 
borrowers for such loan or in case 
outstanding loans lent to a party 
or borrowed from a party become 
material on a cumulative basis; 
10. Any other disclosures related to 
such agreements, viz., details of 
nominee on the board of directors 
of the listed entity, potential 
conflict of interest arising out of 
such agreements, etc 
Necessary approvals, as applicable, have been obtained 
and there is no potential conflict of interest arising out of 
such agreement. 
11. In case of termination or 
amendment of agreement, listed 
entity shall disclose additional 
details to the stock exchange(s): i. 
name of parties to the agreement; 
ii. iii. nature of the agreement; 
date of execution of the 
agreement; iv. details of 
amendment and impact thereof or 
reasons of termination and impact 
thereof. 
Not Applicable 
 
 
