[page 1]
 
 
 
   
   
   Date: May 22, 2026 
 
The Manager, DCS   
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655                                    
 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK   
 
Sub: - Disclosure regarding Bagging/ Receiving of orders/ Contracts under Regulation 30 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.  
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A Para B of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD -
PoD1/P/CIR/2023/123 dated July 13, 2023, we are pleased to inform you that the Company has received 
an order for supply of approx. 14,500 MT for Transmission Line Structures of the value of USD 13.6 Mn. 
 
The requisite information as per Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 is annexed hereto as 
“Annexure-A” 
 
A Press release in this regard is also attached. 
 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You 
For Goodluck India Limited 
 
 
 
(Abhishek Agrawal) 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A20983. 
 
 
Encl: as above  
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 
 
 
“Annexure-A” 
 
Detail required under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD -
PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024. 
 
a. 
 
Name of the entity awarding the 
order(s)/ contract(s);  
Not disclose due to Confidentiality 
b. 
 
Significant terms and conditions of 
order(s)/ contract(s) awarded in brief;  
Manufacturing & Supply of approx. 14500 MT 
Transmission Line Structures as per approved 
drawing within a time spam of 18 months 
c. 
 
Whether order(s) / contract(s) have 
been awarded by domestic/ 
international entity.  
International Entity  
d. 
 
Nature of order(s) /contract(s);  Deliverable Base 
e. 
 
Whether Domestic or International  International 
f. 
 
Time period by which the order(s)/ 
contract(s) is to be executed.  
18 Months 
g. 
 
Broad consideration or size of the 
order(s)/ contract(s)  
 USD 13.6 Mn. 
h. 
Whether the promoter/ promoter group 
/group companies have any interest in 
the entity that awarded the 
order(s)/contract(s)? If yes, nature of 
interest and details thereof  
 
No  
i. 
Whether the order(s)/contract(s) would 
fall within related party transactions? If 
yes, whether the same is done at “arms-
length”  
 
No 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 3]
 
 
 
Goodluck India Limited  
 
“Receives Export Order of USD 13.6 Million (largest ever) for 
400 kV Double Circuit Transmission Line Project” 
22nd May, 2026 
Goodluck India Limited, has received an export order from an EPC player in Nepal for the supply of galvanized 
steel tower structures and fasteners for a 400 kV Double Circuit (D/C) Transmission Line project. 
The scope of the order includes manufacturing, prototype assembly, fabrication, galvanizing, bundling, and 
shipment of galvanized lattice steel towers along with fasteners. 
The total order quantity is approximately 14,500 MT, with an aggregate contract value of USD 13.6 Mn, which 
is our largest ever order in this division of the business. 
The execution of the order is expected to be carried out in phases as per the project schedule agreed with 
the customer. 
Commenting on the development, Mr. Mahesh Chandra Garg, Chairman, Goodluck India Limited, stated 
“We are pleased to receive this order from Nepal, which further strengthens our presence in the international 
infrastructure market  as well . The order reflects our manufacturing capabilities, quality standards, and 
execution track record. We remain focused on supporting infrastructure development across the region.” 
 
About Goodluck India Limited: 
Founded in 1986, Goodluck India Limited is a premier engineering solutions provider specializing in the 
manufacturing of Defence Products, High-End Forgings, Heavy Fabrication of Steel Structures for High Speed 
Railway Network and Infrastructure Projects, Automotive Tubing and Others . The company is led by first -
generation techpreneur Mr. Mahesh Chandra Garg, an IIT Roorkee alumnus, and supported by three 
generations of professionally qualified family members, showcasing a legacy of over 40 years of industry 
excellence. 
Goodluck India has evolved from a traditional manufacturer to a diversified engineering solutions provider 
with a strong presence in high -growth sectors such as Automotive, Solar, Railways, Defence, and 
Infrastructure. The company’s diverse product portfolio ranges from ERW pipes to railway bridges, catering 
to industries like construction, oil & gas, renewable energy, and more. Its strategic involvement in emerging 
sectors, including Defence and active participation in India's first Bullet Train project, h ighlights its 
commitment to innovation and technological advancement. 
Operating six state-of-the-art manufacturing plants across Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat, with a total capacity 
of 5,00,000 MTPA (including 2, 85,000 MTPA of high -margin value-added products), Goodluck India serves 
over 600 customers globally, exporting to more than 100 countries.  In addition, the company’s subsidiary, 
Goodluck Defence & Aerospace Ltd, operates a dedicated defence manufacturing plant with an annual 
capacity of 1,50,000 shells and being further expanded to 400,000 shells per annum. The company employs 
over 4,000 professionals dedicated to maintaining the highest standards of quality and efficiency, backed by 
ISO 9001:2008 certification. 

[page 4]
 
 
Goodluck India continues to focus on driving growth through strategic investments in technology, product 
diversification, and expanding its global footprint, with a strong commitment to quality, innovation, and 
sustainability. 
 
 
 
 
For further information, please contact 
 
Goodluck India Limited  
E: investor@goodluckindia.com 
www.goodluckindia.com 
KAPTIFY® Consulting  
Investor Relations | Strategy | Consulting 
E: contact@kaptify.in   | M: +91-845 288 6099 
www.kaptify.in 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer 
This document may contain certain forward -looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities law and regulations. 
These statements include descriptions regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company or its directors and officers 
with respect to the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. Such forward‐looking statements are not guarantees 
of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ from those in such forward‐l ooking 
statements as a result of various factors and assumptions which the Company believes to be reasonable in light of its operati ng 
experience in recent years. Many factors could cause the actual results, performances, or achievements of the Company to be 
materially different from any future results, performances, or achievements. Significant factors that could make a difference  to the 
Company’s operations include domestic and international economic conditions, changes in government regulations, tax regi me and 
other statutes. The Company does not undertake to revise any forward‐ looking statement that may be made from time to time by  
or on behalf of the Company. 

