[page 1]
 
 
 
    
 
  Date: 30th June, 2026 
 
The Manager, DCS   
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: - 530655                                    
 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code: - GOODLUCK   
 
 
Sub: Intimation of new update of Credit Rating 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the CRISIL Ratings has upgraded  its rating on 
bank facilities of the company at Long term rating, from ‘Crisil A+/Positive to ‘CRISIL AA-/ 
Stable’ and short-term ratings from ‘Crisil A1’ to ‘CRISIL A1+’. The summary is as follows: 
 
 
Total Bank Loan Facilities 
Rated 
Rs.854.75 Crore  
Long Term Rating CRISIL AA-/Stable (Upgraded from ‘Crisil 
A+/Positive’) 
Short Term Rating CRISIL A1+ (Upgraded from ‘Crisil A1’) 
 
  
 
  
This is for your information and doing the needful. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
(Abhishek Agrawal) 
Company Secretary 
M.No. A20983 
 
 
 
[page 2]
Disclaimer: A rating by Crisil Ratings reflects Crisil Ratings’ current opinion on the likelihood of timely payment of the obligations under the rated instrument, and does 
not constitute an audit of the rated entity by Crisil Ratings. Our ratings are based on information provided by the issuer or obtained by Crisil Ratings from sources it 
considers reliable. Crisil Ratings does not guarantee the completeness or accuracy of the information on which the rating is based. A rating by Crisil Ratings is not a 
recommendation to buy / sell or hold the rated instrument; it does not comment on the market price or suitability for a particular investor. Crisil Ratings has a practice of 
keeping all its ratings under surveillance and ratings are revised as and when circumstances so warrant. Crisil Ratings is not responsible for any errors and especially 
states that it has no financial liability whatsoever to the subscribers / users / transmitters / distributors of its ratings. Crisil Ratings’ criteria are available without charge to 
the public on the web site, www.crisilratings.com. Crisil Ratings or its associates may have other commercial transactions with the company/entity. For the latest rating 
information on any instrument of any company rated by Crisil Ratings, please visit www.crisilratings.com or contact Customer Service Helpdesk at  
Crisilratingdesk@crisil.com or at 1800-267-3850
CONFIDENTIAL
RL/GOSTL/396204/BLR/0626/151585
June 30, 2026                                                                                                                                                              
Mr. Sanjay  Bansal
Chief Financial Officer
Goodluck India Limited
Good Luck House,
II F, 166-167  Nehru Nagar-2,
Ambedkar Road,
Ghaziabad - 201001
9910496323
Dear Mr. Sanjay  Bansal,
Re: Review of Crisil Ratings on the bank facilities of Goodluck India Limited
All ratings assigned by Crisil Ratings are kept under continuous surveillance and review.
Please find in the table below the ratings outstanding for the debt instruments/facilities of the company, and the rating 
actions by Crisil Ratings on the ratings as on date.
Total Bank Loan Facilities Rated Rs.854.75 Crore
Long Term Rating Crisil AA-/Stable (Upgraded from 'Crisil A+/Positive')
Short Term Rating Crisil A1+ (Upgraded from 'Crisil A1')
(Bank-wise details as per Annexure 1)
As per our Rating Agreement, Crisil Ratings would disseminate the ratings, along with the outlook, through its 
publications and other media, and keep the ratings, along with the outlook, under surveillance over the life of the 
instrument/facility. Crisil Ratings reserves the right to withdraw, or revise the ratings, along with the outlook, at any time, 
on the basis of new information, or unavailability of information, or other circumstances which Crisil Ratings believes 
may have an impact on the ratings. Please visit www.crisilratings.com and search with the name of the rated entity to 
access the latest rating/s.
In the event of the company not availing the proposed facilities within a period of 180 days from the date of this letter, a 
fresh letter of revalidation from Crisil Ratings will be necessary.
Crisil Ratings products / activities or ratings of instruments other than securities that are listed or proposed to be listed may 
fall under the purview of financial sector regulators (FSRs) other than SEBI. In respect of such products / activities or 
ratings (under the purview of other FSRs such as Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), 
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI), among others), the grievance / dispute redressal and 
investor protection mechanisms available under SEBI regulations shall not be applicable. A list of products/activities or 
ratings of instruments falling under the purview of various FSRs along with the names of respective FSRs has been duly 
disclosed by Crisil Ratings on its website. 
A link to the same has been provided below for ready reference:
https://www.crisilratings.com/en/home/our-business/ratings/regulatory-disclosures/list-of-activities-instruments-and-
names-of-regulators.html
This letter will remain valid till March 31, 2027. After this date, please insist for a new rating letter (dated later than March 
31, 2027).
Should you require any clarification, please feel free to get in touch with us.
With warm regards,
