[page 1]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
(CIN: L67120GJ1994PLC115132) 
Member: NSE, BSE, MCX, NCDEX & MSEI 
Depository Participant with CDSL & NSDL  
AMFI Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
SEBI Registered Research Analyst & Portfolio Manager 
MAY 2025-MAY 2026 
INDIA 
                            
                 
      
May 23, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 540725 / 976824 / 976825 /977430 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
SYMBOL: SHAREINDIA 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts/Investors  held on May 20 , 2026  to discuss the 
Audited Standalone & Consolidated  Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”) read with Para A of Part A to Schedule III of the  Listing Regulations, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of Conference Call with Analysts/Investors  held on Wednesday, May 20, 
2026, to discuss the Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for quarter and 
financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
Please take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Share India Securities Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Aggarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: F5512 
 
 
 
[page 2]
 Page 1 of 21 
 Share India Securities Limited 
Q4 & FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call 
May 20, 2026 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4 FY2026 Conference Call of 
Share India Securities Limited, hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressin g “*”, then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank 
you and over to you, ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain: Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My name 
is Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. 
We represent the Investor Relations of Share India Securities Limited . On behalf of 
the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's Earnings 
Call for the 4th Quarter and Financial Year 2026. 
Before we begin, let me mention a quick cautionary statement: 
Some of the statements made in today's Earnings Call  may be forward -looking in 
nature. Such forward -looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties, which 
could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based 
on Management's belief as well as assumptions made by and information currently 
available to the Management. 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these forward -looking 
statements in making any investment decision. The purpose of today's Earnings 
Conference Call  is purely to educate and bring awareness about the Company's 
fundamental business and financial performance for the quarter under review. 
Now, let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings 
Call. We have with us Mr. Kamlesh Shah  – Managing Director, Mr. Sachin Gupta  – 
Chief Executive Officer and Whole-Time Director, and Mr. Abhinav Gupta – President 
(Capital Markets and Products). 
[page 3]
 Page 2 of 21 
Without any delay, I request Mr. Kamlesh Shah to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Kamlesh Shah: Thank you, Madam. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of the entire team, I welcome 
all investors, analysts, and stakeholders to this Investor Meet. 
As a Managing Director of the Company, I would like to thank you for your continued 
trust and confidence in us. 
I would like to briefly present the financial results of the Company for the period under 
review. 
Despite a challenging business environment, the Company has continued to focus on 
operational stability, financial discipline, and growth opportunities. 
The Management has taken necessary steps to maintain efficiency and strengthen 
overall performance. 
First, we shall discuss global environment and market context: 
The global economic environment during the year remained volatile, impacted by 
geopolitical tensions, global trade uncertainties, fluctuating energy prices, and 
inflationary pressure. We also witnessed continued selling by foreign institutional 
investors due to global risk reallocations, higher interest rates in the developed market, 
and currency movement, which created intermittent pressure on the emerging market, 
including India. 
Despite these challenges, the Indian economy continued to demonstrate resili ence 
supported by strong domestic demand, policy stability, and infrastructure -led growth. 
Amidst these global and domestic challenges, the company remained resilient due to 
its diversified business model, disciplined risk Management practice, and strong 
operational framework. 
The Management continued to focus on client -centric growth, cost optimization, and 
maintaining financial stability, enabling the company to navigate market volatility 
effectively. 
Outlook on the Indian capital markets: 
Looking ahead, I remain optimistic about the Indian capital markets.  India continues 
to stand out as one of the fastest -growing major economies globally. Increasing 
financialization of savings, rapid expansion of retail participation, digital adoption, and 
[page 4]
 Page 3 of 21 
sustained economic reforms provide strong structural support to the capital markets. 
Despite short-term global uncertainty and market volatility, India remains one of the 
fastest-growing major economies which is expected to support long-term growth in the 
financial and capital markets sectors. 
The Management remains optimistic about the future opportunities while continuing 
to maintain a balanced and risk -aware approach. Domestic institutional inflows and 
retail participation are increasingly balancing the externa l capital movements. We 
believe the coming years will offer significant opportunities for well -capitalized, 
diversified financial services organizations such as ours. 
Coming to the financial performance: 
First, we shall discuss standalone financial performance: 
I am pleased to report strong growth in our standalone performance. For the quarter-
ended March 2026, revenues stood at INR 383 crore compared with INR 188 crore in 
the corresponding quarter of last year. That shows a 103% increase in the revenue. 
Profit after tax increased significantly to INR 75 crore as against INR 16 crore for the 
quarter ended March 2025. That shows an increase of 368%. 
Earnings per share improved to INR 17.6 compared with INR 11.7 last year. 
For the financial year -ended March 2026, revenue increased from INR 320 crore to 
INR 395 crore, a 23% increase in revenue. Profit after tax rose to INR 298 crore 
compared with INR 247 crore in the Financial Year 2025. That shows an increase of 
20%. 
These numbers reflect improved  operational efficiency, expansion across business 
verticals, and disciplined execution of our strategies. 
Now coming to the consolidated financial performance: 
Our consolidated results were relatively subdued compared to the standalone 
performance, primarily due to weak market conditions and fair value adjustments 
relating to the investment held by group companies. 
For the quarter-ended March 2026, total revenue increased to INR 416 crore compared 
with INR 239 crore last year. That is an increase of 74%. Profit after tax stood at INR 
58 crore versus INR 18 crore in the corresponding quarter. That shows an increase of 
220%. 
[page 5]
 Page 4 of 21 
For the financial year ended March 2026, profit after tax on a consolidated basis stood 
at INR 324 crore compared with INR 328 crore in the Financial Year 2025 . Total 
revenue marginally increased to INR 1,470 crore compared with INR 1,445 crore in 
the previous year. While profitability was impacted by valuation adjustments, the 
underlying operating business remained fundamentally strong. 
New initiative and future plan: 
Going forward, our strategic priorities remain clearly defined. Continued expansion of 
our retail business, leveraging technology and wider market penetration across regions. 
Exploration of overseas opportunities: 
To diversify revenue streams, we have expanded our global presence. 
Strengthening Wealth Management: 
Vertical following successful launch of PMS business along with plans to introduce 
Alternative Investment Fund to broaden investment offerings. 
Development of commodity business, which the Management believes will emerge as 
a significant growth driver in coming years. 
Continued emphasis on operation al efficiency, risk Management and digital 
transformation to support sustainable long -term growth and create value for the 
stakeholders. 
Key challenges: 
The industry continues to face certain structural constraints. High transaction costs and 
compliance costs  impacting overall margins , frequent regulatory changes requiring 
continuous operational and system adoption and RBI restrictions and tighter norms 
impacting funding availability for proprietary business activities. Despite these  
challenges, the Company continues to remain focused on maintaining operational 
resilience, prudent risk management and identifying growth opportunities in evolving 
market conditions. 
With strong net worth of INR 2,655 crore as of 31st March 2026, we are well capitalized 
and competitively positioned to navigate these challenges effectively. 
Way Forward: 
[page 6]
 Page 5 of 21 
With our diversified and sustainable business model, strong balance sheet and 
experienced leadership team, we are confident of benefiting from improving 
geopolitical conditions and India's long -term growth story. The Company is well -
positioned to benefit from emerging opportunities across the financial services and 
capital market ecosystem. While continuing to focus on sustainable value creation for 
all the stakeholders. 
Before we conclude, I would like to sincerely thank all our investors, analysts and 
stakeholders for their continued trust and support. Your confidence motivates us to 
continue strengthening our business and creating long-term value. 
Despite evolving market conditions, we remain focused on the disciplined growth, 
technological advancement and strong governance and client -centric execution. We 
are confident that the Company is well positioned to capitalize on future opportunities 
in the financial sector. 
Thank you once again for joining us today and for your valuable time. We look forward 
to your continued support and association. Wishing everyone a great day ahead.  
Now I would like to hand over to Mr. Sachin Gupta for detailed presentation. Thank 
you. 
Sachin Gupta: Thank you Kamlesh Sir for the detailed presentation of Q4 Results, standalone and 
consolidated. Good evening, everyone. First of all, I would like to tha nk everyone for 
joining this call. 
As Kamlesh Sir explained, overall last financial year, overall industry was in 
consolidating mode. and as we saw that lot of geopolitical stress and regulatory reasons 
that industry is still into consolidation mode. But as Share India, we focus more on 
diversification and creating new streams of revenue. 
So, I would like to highlight some of the new initiatives we have taken last year and 
what is the status and what we are planning for the coming year. 
So, as we discussed in the last call, Kamlesh Sir also explained, the Wealth 
Management is one thing which we believe showing some growth in the overall 
scenario. We are offering new products and selling the third -party products also is a 
core we have in mind. 
So, in Wealth Management side, led by Mr. Vijendra Nagpal, Charu Sehgal has joined. 
She will be leading the third party product selling and she has already started hiring 
the team  and the operations will start in first month of Q3.  So, this year Wealth 
[page 7]
 Page 6 of 21 
Management team has joined and operations will start for the Wealth Management as 
promised earlier and this is for the third-party product distribution. 
And PMS, as discussed in the last call, PMS we have started in this quarter and already 
PMS has grossed assets of more than INR 100 crore rupees  and PMS is led by Mr. 
Vikas Singh, who is the fund manager  and the target of FY27 is INR 200 crores. So, 
PMS is one thing we were looking to offer to the clients and we are getting very good 
response for the PMS from all the sectors of the clients.  And the retail network is 
helping us in a great manner to get the AUM , and the target is INR 200 crores by the 
end of this financial year. Already we are sitting at INR 100 crore. 
AIF is another thing that we want to offer to the clients.  So, AIF CAT-3 has been 
applied to the SEBI. We are expecting the approval by end of Q2 and by this financial 
year our goal is to start the operations of AIF. 
So, by end of this financial year, Wealth Management team will start their operations 
by Q3. PMS already started and AIF target is start the operations in this financial year. 
These are the three things on the Wealth Management side. 
And we informed in the last call that Share India has ventured into debt market. This 
is another thing where we are focusing. 
And debt market is growing in India these days. Demand for the NCDs and other 
products is really high. People want to diversify from equity to other debt products.  
And Share India has started a new company called Share India Cred. So, this company 
has also started the operations in Q1 FY27. So, already we have closed six issues till 
now. And the target is to do at least INR 500 crore worth of issues by FY27. So, debt 
market will give us very smart diversification. Operations has already started. 
And we are hopeful with Wealth and Debt products we will get the diversification and 
new revenue streams with us. 
Next thing is uTrade and as uTrade is a flagship product and it's very tough to push the 
new product to the retailers. 
But I believe uTrade team and Share India jointly have done a great job. And in FY26 
we have crossed more than 5,000 clients for uTrade. Right now, we have 5,231 clients 
in uTrade. That's a big benchmark we have crossed. And going further we believe as 
the awareness about the algo trading is spreading and Share India is a leader in 
providing the algo trading platform for the retailers , w e believe that going further 
uTrade will be very strong and good product.  This is a USP especially. Nobody is 
[page 8]
 Page 7 of 21 
offering this product. And it is helping lot of retailers to trade from their offices, from 
their houses and  work from home or whatever they are doing.  And helping them to 
create very sensitive new strategies, complex strategies. And also we are offering some 
set of 20 odd strategies from the uTrade platform. So, this is one product which we 
believe will catch up really good in the coming year.  And 5,000 clients is really mark 
that we were looking for. So, going further we believe uTrade will also be a good 
revenue stream for the uTrade and Share India both. 
And on the retail side, which is again the major focus area in the last financial year was 
retail. So, MTF book, I just wa nt to explain that MTF book was INR 239 crores by 
FY25 which has grown to INR 424 crores in FY26. So, target for MTF book is INR 
650 odd crores by FY27. So, MTF is one thing which these days is in demand. And in 
last one and half month demand for MTF has gone up. And companies like Share India 
who are having big network so MTF is a natural product for us to offer to the retailers. 
And we believe that going further this is a very smart diversification. And MTF will 
give us good revenue stream in coming financial year. 
Especially in retail side now I would like to inform that we have already started 6 
branches in in Tier-3 cities. I just want to name some cities. We started a new branch 
in Hyderabad, Indore, Bhopal, Varanasi, Agra, Raipur and Nagpur. All these branches 
are up and running. 
Hyderabad is one showing very good results. These are the 7 branches and 6 more 
branches we are targeting by end of this financial year. Now when I say these branches 
these are Company owned branches where we  offer not only broking services , but all 
the Wealth products, Third party products, PMS, Tech products, uTrade, MTF and 
everything. So, we have a good product spread to offer from these branches. So, our 
goal is to approach the maximum direct customers as much as possible in Tier-3 cities. 
Where people are still struggling to get the right MTF deals. Where in Tier-1 cities lot 
of brokers are offering good deals. But Tier-3 cities there is still lot of demand and 
there is no supply. 
So, we believe that there is a vacuum in that particular side. And going further all these 
branches will start giving us good footprints on the ground. And Share India will not 
stop here. In next 2 to 3 years, we will be opening at least 30 branches on ground. And 
the idea is to offer all the products to the direct customers in Tier-3 cities. 
And on institutional side again a great work done by Mr. Kalpesh Parekh and Himani. 
They both are leading this particular vertical. So, in institutional side total 
[page 9]
 Page 8 of 21 
empanelment of different institutions have gone up from 137 to 186. It is a 35% growth 
overall. 
And brokerage and other services and fee-based services are showing good results. We 
are hopeful that going further institutional business will also be one thing where Share 
India can expect good revenues. And on trading side our goal is very simple to keeping 
a very strong grip on our current business that is cash cow.  But the real growth is 
coming from the commodity. Last 6 months commodity has shown very good results 
like because of the volatility in all the commodities like gold, silver, crude and all. 
Because of the geopolitical reasons which have given very good returns and demand 
for the commodity products have gone up.  Even all the retailers now want to trade in 
options in c rude and NG . So, this is also giving  bit of hope that going further 
commodities will be one product where prop trading and retail both will give us good 
revenue. 
And another thing is  Silverleaf. 
So,  Silverleaf merger as last call we spoke still in NCLT we hope it is in last leg of 
the approval. So, we should get in a maximum quarter s’ time. Once that is done then  
Silverleaf is one thing where we believe going further our revenues can also be from 
HFT trading and it will be another diversified scheme for us. 
So, this is the overall overview from non -core business that from non-trading side all 
these efforts and new verticals we started showing good results. And going further we 
have plans to growth in retail, PMS, wealth distribution all these sides. So, debt market 
particularly Share India Cred. So, all these things going further we believe will give 
good revenue and diversified revenue. This will make Share India complete financial 
service Company. So, for the next three years our focus will be to increase our business 
in all these verticals.  Also, as Kamlesh Sir explained expanding our footprint in 
international market is another thing that we are targeting. So, we are hopeful that 
Share India will be able to handle all the regulatory challenges which currently we are 
facing. And also, the current geopolitical challenges we are facing that should also be 
one thing that Share India will be able to absorb very smartly and come out of it. 
And going further we see that the future of Indian financial market is really big like we 
are experiencing the change in the att itude of the retailers. We just need to offer the 
products like earlier it was only mutual funds, now people are more receptive towards 
new ideas like PMS, AIF, Wealth Management product, debt product. 
So, the kind of product spread we have we are hopeful that we will be able to  be 
benefited from the retail participation at the India level. So, going further we are 
[page 10]
 Page 9 of 21 
hopeful that Share India will do good and will keep you keep all the investors informed 
in the calls. And going further that we are hopeful that Share India will do good. 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
Gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles.  The first 
question comes in the line of Rohan with Eternal Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rohan: Yes. Hi. Thank you so much for the opportunity, Sir and congratulations on the good 
set of revenue. So, just first question is on the margin front. So, I see that the margins 
have fallen quite a lot and I also understand that this might be a seasonal effect. So, 
every March I have seen that the margins have taken a dip.  We just wanted to 
understand what this is exactly and how is it going to be sustainable like this in every 
March quarter or how is it and what are your thoughts on this? 
Abhinav Gupta: Sachin Sir, you want to take it? Should I start? 
Sachin Gupta: Abhinav you start, I will join.  
Abhinav Gupta: Sure. So, thanks a lot for your query. I think what you are looking at it from purely 
from a margin perspective is only from a Q4 perspective.  It somehow happens in that 
both the last two years both Fiscal Year ‘25 and Fiscal Year ‘26 the Q4 has been little 
rough. Prior to that we usually used to have a better market scenario in Q4 earlier. So, 
I think it is more prudent to look at it from an annual perspective. If you look at it from 
an annual perspective as guided by us earlier we have maintained an EBITDA of 
around 38%, (+/-2%) and a PAT margin of around 22% , (+/-2%) which I think has 
been the broader guideline from the Management from the very beginning essentially. 
Sachin Gupta: So, as Abhinav said I don't think there is a certain  any kind of certain thing that Q4 is 
always tough. It is not like that. Last year and this year because of geopolitical reasons 
markets were very volatile and because of which we were seeing certain pressure on 
the margin and the revenues.  But I think that  is some kind of scenario where we are 
seeing that particular volatility in Q4 only. Before last year Q4 used to be the best 
quarter for the brokering industry because lot of activities by the retailers happened in 
Q4. Like they opt for better more financial products and more investment and so many 
things. But I don't think so that this scenario will continue. Going further the only thing 
in our mind is all geopolitical is a regulatory thing. This will keep on happening.  This 
is part of our business. But to absorb all these challenges we need to diversify as much 
as possible so that we don't get stuck in a certain revenue stream. So, which you guys 
must be seeing that companies already pushing it very hard since last two years.  And 
retail has started showing  good results out of it and PMS  and other things. So, going 
[page 11]
 Page 10 of 21 
further our focus is to push all these products very hard and for next three years. And 
also as I said international trading is one thing also in our mind.  So, our goal is to 
diversify as much as possible so that we can absorb any kind of challenges. So, the 
Company should be able to continue with the current margins. There is nothing like 
Q4 type of pressure on us. 
Kamlesh Shah: If you see we have improved a lot compared to the March ‘25 results. The profit after 
tax on standalone basis increased to INR 75 crore against INR 16 c rore. Even on 
consolidated basis the profit after tax remained at INR 58 crore compared to INR 18 
crore. This shows that  the initiative taken by us has played good results. And going 
forward we hope that things will improve both on geopolitical front and on ca pital 
market front. So, let us hope for the best. 
Moderator: Thank you sir. The current participants have left the queue. We will go on to the next 
question. It is from the line of Murtaza with PinpointX Capital. Please go ahead. 
Murtaza: Hi Sir, Good evening. I just have two short questions. Firstly, regarding uTrade as we 
are planning to go multi-broker with uTrade. Have you signed any broker partnerships 
yet? What is the current monetization model as in the subscription per user or revenue 
share or some metric just to understand better? 
Sachin Gupta: So, first part I will answer. So, as we said in last call that uTrade is planning to go 
multi-broker. So, we were in close touch with Motilal and Dhan and some other 
brokers. But one circular came from SEBI that earlier what used to happen the software 
company was able to use the infrastructure of the broker to offer their product. So, like 
their service, their co -location and other things.  So, recently SEBI came up with a  
circular where if you want to give any kind of services from a third-party vendor, then 
the vendor has to set up separately for every broker. So, that's kind of extremely costly 
for uTrade at this juncture. So, because Share India has also no broke r want to set up 
entirely new set up for the uTrade and all the vendors. So, everyone is struggling. So, 
only Share India which were earlier user and we were having the set up for the uTrade. 
So, now we are pushing like we are pushing uTrade for the retailers. So, the third party, 
so multi-broker set up still is there but it is facing some challenges because the recent 
circular by the SEBI. And what was your second question? 
Murtaza: Yes, so the ot her question that I wanted to ask is regarding our MTF book. Like it 
seems to be our biggest growth lever but it's our biggest cost drive as well. So, I just 
want to understand at what MTF AUM level does this interest spread and become 
meaningfully packed? And like I need some commentary and to understand this part 
better. 
[page 12]
 Page 11 of 21 
Sachin Gupta: Abhinav, can you start please? 
Abhinav Gupta: Sure. So, I think that would be a very kind of an unfair st atement that the entire 
borrowing that has happened in the last year or so  is for the purpose of MTF.  It's just 
though that for the cost element what you are looking at that the entire borrowing has 
been in the books for full year. While it takes some time for us to accrue the book over 
the period of time. So, of course whatever borrowing that you see in the end of Fiscal 
Year ‘26 will contribute completely for the full year Fiscal Year ‘27. So, that's number 
one. Number two, the strategy in order to de vise a higher margin from the MTF book 
would be two ways. One, we are in constantly working in new interest, new borrowing 
models which can be in terms of NCD or in terms of any other borrowing from third 
parties. Of course, as we mature into that space going forward the interest cost for each 
and every element will continue to come down. And we see significant margins 
accruing to that effect in this year Fiscal Year ‘27. At least on the borrowings which 
could be in a very few hundred basis points. And we continue to leverage our presence 
as the Management said by opening more branches to grow more robust and continue 
to grow at a higher rate. Than what we have currently been doing with the vision to get 
it to INR 650 odd crores by the Fiscal Year ‘28. 
Sachin Gupta: So, I want to add something here on the strategy side. So, as you rightly said, what is 
the strategy? So, strategy is very simple, to bring the cost down.  So, for that we are 
constantly approaching the different NBFCs as Abhinav explained rightly. And to 
increase the revenue what we are doing, right now the major book is through sub 
brokers or through mediators. So, what we are doing, we are opening direct branches 
in Tier-3 cities. So, when we are funding a client in Delhi, Mumbai, Calcutta, in metro 
cities, because there is so much supply, client is not ready to pay higher interest. So, 
there we are more dependent on the churning from the client. But in Tier-3 cities, their 
competition is less and interest rate charged by the sub brokers are much higher. If you 
open a direct branch in Tier-3 cities, there you can directly contact the client, remove 
the mediator and you can charge better interest than in the metros. So, that is why we 
formulated a strategy to open the direct branches in Tier-3 cities where we see MTF 
demand is much higher. Like Calcutta, we opened two years back, amazing work done 
by Calcutta. But yes, there is a challenge of interest rate. But Hyderabad w e started 
better than Calcutta. Agra, interest rate again higher.  Raipur interest rate is moderate. 
So, likewise when you go into smaller cities, you remove the mediators and you 
directly in touch with the customers, so your margin goes up. So, going further, that's 
why we decided to open the direct branches in the Tier-3 cities. So, this is the strategy 
we are going to adopt for better NIM in MTF broker. 
Murtaza: Sure, sure. Very well explained. All the best for the future. Thank you very much. 
[page 13]
 Page 12 of 21 
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abhijit Sakhare with 
Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Sakhare: Hi, good evening, everyone. Sir, my first question is that when I look at the brokering 
and trading revenues for the 4th Quarter close to INR 400 crores, if you can break it 
up between what would be pure brokerage versus let's say prop trading income?  
Abhinav Gupta: Sure. So, I will start with it. Sachin sir, you can add on to it.  So, currently the prop 
income for full year contributes. So, I will answer this question in two ways. One is 
looking at it from a revenue perspective and one from a profitability perspective. From 
a revenue perspective, prop income contributes around 70% of the revenue. But from 
a profitability purpose, the usual number what it currently is around 50%. So, in Fiscal 
Year ‘26 , the entire contribution from prop business was 49% and that is on a 
consolidated basis. On a standalone basis, that number was around 52%. 
Sachin Gupta: I also want to add one thing. So, that's very important information. So, because of all 
the efforts d one in the last two years, especially with the high net worth individuals 
who are very  who are looking for algo trading and deploy their funds using 
sophisticated strategies and algos.  So, Share India got good penetration and good 
reputation in that sense and we are getting good clients. So, what has happened, our 
first time our client turnover is consistently more than 53% and 47% is in proprietary. 
So, that means client business have taken over from the prop business.  So, this has 
happened first time. So, we believe going further, this will further improve. This should 
go to 60% by end of the financial year. So, that will bring more service-based income 
to the Company. And these numbers, as Abhinav explained, will keep on improving. 
And further our focus is to increase the client base and service -based business. We 
believe that these numbers will be much better in coming years. 
Abhijit Sakhare: Got it, sir. So, my second question is that, similarly, when I look at the ADTO, is it 
possible to share  what would be, let's say, the contribution of options product in that 
number? I think for the 4th Quarter, the number is about INR 109 million. 
Abhinav Gupta: Correct. Yes. So, your query is on the Options for the entire quarter, essentially. So, 
Options contributed for Q4 around 18% of that number? 
Sachin Gupta: Yes. Abhinav, can you explain what is the difference between ADTO last quarter and 
this quarter, FY25 Q4 and Q4 FY26? 
Abhinav Gupta: Okay. So, from a Q4-to-Q4 perspective, we have seen a significant jump and the major 
contribution has been due to the commodities. That year, we did around 14 billion kind 
of an ADTO, which has increased to around 4,500 to 5,000 approximately in Q4. That 
has been the major increment. Along with it, there has been slight drop in terms of the 
[page 14]
 Page 13 of 21 
future turnover and the option turnover, which option turnover and future turnover we 
have sort of been able to manage in the times of the regulatory headwinds. Along with 
it, we have also seen a very significant increase in the cash ADTO as well, which used 
to be around - 1,500 in Q4, which has now increased to around 2,000 for Q4 FY26. 
Abhijit Sakhare: Okay. Got it, sir. And then finally, any thoughts on what are your views on the impact 
of RBI regulations for the prop side of the business? 
Kamlesh Shah: We are making presentation to RBI. We have already done two -three meetings with 
RBI, and we have explained in detail why prop desk turnover is necessary. We are 
basically a liquidity provider, so that is very crucial for the market that we continue to 
have the similar facility that is given to the bankers part . So, for liquidity provider 
purpose, we are seeking relief under market making or the liquidity provider category 
with the Reserve Bank of India. We have several meetings with SEBI also on this 
matter, and SEBI is comfortable. They need a framework for the market making, 
because currently market making is permitted only for illiquid stocks, whereas F&O 
and liquid stocks do not cover the market making definition.  So, we are working, and 
it will take three- four months for SEBI to come out with the solution or the framework, 
and this is actively taken with the Reserve Bank of India. We are hopeful that they 
would consider, otherwise  you know  the situation will go back to the market like 
Korea, where everything is dried up, and even today they have not been able to recover. 
So, liquidity provider is very important for the market.  In the morning, if someone 
wants to sell 10 lakh shares of Reliance, they won't find matching bids. So, it is only 
the liquidity provider which gives multiple platforms where they c an provide quote in 
options, in futures, in cash market, everywhere. So, that is how we are taking up the 
matter with the regulator. Thank you 
Sachin Gupta: But I want to add one thing. What will be the impact on Share India? I tell you, we are 
in constant touch with the banks, all the banks possible. So, we have been classified as 
a hybrid broker, where we qualify for the bank guarantees for the client purpose, and 
as I said, client turnover is already exceeding the prop turnover, and co nstant increase 
in the client business. So, banks are extending bank guarantees for the client business, 
which will help us a lot. So, intraday limits are gone, that's fair. But we believe we will 
be able to manage business with the bank guarantees, and so there will be around 20% 
impact on the overall deposit and limits used by us. But at the bottom-line level, we 
believe impact will not be much, because we also believe because so much liquidity 
will be taken out from the market, so per trade margin will i mprove, and 20% is not 
such a big number. So, we are hopeful that we will be able to continue with the same 
numbers, and going further, there will be no materialistic impact on Share India's 
bottom line. So, right now, because of our retail business, banks  are helping us and 
extending limits, all banks are extending limits to Share India in terms of bank 
[page 15]
 Page 14 of 21 
guarantees. So, only impact will be intraday, but we are converting intraday limits also 
to the bank guarantees. So, we are hopeful that we will be able to manage this crisis. 
Kamlesh Shah: As Sachin Ji has already told, on clientele business, there will be no impact, because 
we will continue to get bank guarantees for the clientele work, and on prop side, we 
have net worth of INR 2655 crore on a consolidated basis. So, that will also help to 
achieve our targets in the prop desk side. 
Moderator: Thank you. Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Abhijit. I would request you to please come back in 
the queue for further questions.  Thank you. The next question comes from the line of 
Sanjeev Pandya with Lancers Impacts Pvt. Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Pandya: Sir, you talked about some funding constraints from the RBI for prop books, some 
emerging constraints that are coming up for prop books. Could you give us some color 
on that? Because SEBI also, I thought, has mentioned, I don't know whether there is a 
circular, on putting a cap on prop book sizes after the Jane Street scandal. 
Sachin Gupta: Kamlesh sir, you want to start? 
Kamlesh Shah: Yes, there is nothing like that. You know, there is no such cap. In fact, SEBI is with us 
on this particular issue that the liquidity has to be maintained, and for that  as I 
mentioned earlier, they are trying to come up with a framework for liquidity provider. 
So, I don't think there is any such circular which restricts  prop desk. And I think we 
are well positioned in the market compared to our competition for achieving goals on 
both these sides, on clientele front as well as on prop desk front. 
Sachin Gupta: So, as I said, there is no such circular from the SEBI side to limit the prop business.  
So, if you have money, you can trade. Nobody can stop. But on RBI side, RBI has 
categorized the two main issues that RBI has brought, one, is that no bank limit should 
be extended for the prop trading. It should only be for the client-based trading. Because 
Share India is a hybrid model where we have clientage and prop both. So, intraday 
limits are gone from the system, so RBI has disallowed the banks to provide any 
intraday limits.  That's fair. But RBI has allowed the banks to extend the bank 
guarantees for the client-based business. As we have a sizable client -based business, 
we have been classified as a one hybrid broker, and banks are already extending bank 
guarantees to us, and all bank guarantees will be renewed, rather than new bank 
guarantees have been offered and we are already opting for that.  So, we will convert 
some intraday limits into the bank guarantees, so that will minimize the impact of the 
RBI circular. So, RBI circular majorly impacting Share India is only intraday facilities, 
part of which we a re converting into the bank guarantees. So, hardly 20% impact in 
the overall limits will be there from the prop side, but on the bottom-line side, I don't 
[page 16]
 Page 15 of 21 
think there will be much impact or there will be any impact, because per trade margin 
will improve. So, this is about the RBI circular. 
Sanjeev Pandya: Thank you, sir. 
Sachin Gupta: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Urmesh Shah with Money Wiser. 
Urmesh Shah: Sir, my first question is on the revenue split. When we are saying that we will diversify 
into new initiatives, so what change in the revenue split can we expect in the next three 
years, once the new initiatives kick in and do well for us? 
Sachin Gupta: Abhinav, can you please start? 
Abhinav Gupta: So, essentially, how we do classify it is that the entire broking piece is calculated 
together. So, even if, let's say, for all the diversification, whether that be Wealth 
Management or Distribution business, or whether that, for that matter, be that MTF, 
all of it would combine into the share broking business. So, whatever drop we see in 
prop business, essentially a majority of that chunk will get into the share broking 
business. Internally, share broking business diversification is a number that we don't 
share. Of course, as we go along, there would be other divisions, which are called 
segregated separately, which are namely NBFC, merchant banking, insurance and 
technology, which together, in Fiscal Year 2026, combined around 7% of the bottom 
line. Of course, that percentage should also increase, but the majority of the increment 
will go into the share broking business as a whole. 
Urmesh Shah: Can you quantify that increase? 
Sachin Gupta: We can give the ballpark figure, but exactly quantifying the future d iversification… 
Urmesh Shah: Yes, I am just asking for a ballpark figure. 
Sachin Gupta: I tell you, as Abhinav has explained earlier, that right now we have 52% on the bottom-
line side, and the rest is from the allied services, including on the consolidated basis. 
So, as I explained just now, that first time we have crossed more than 50%. 
Consistently, we are doing more than 50% turnover by the clients. So, what we believe, 
going further, client's turnover at least will touch 60% by the end of this financial year, 
and the prop turnover will be 40%. And the target of this financial year is at least 
bottom-line side, because on revenue side, it's very difficult to go. And bottom-line 
side, net profit from the client business should be more than 50%, or 55% and 45% 
from the prop side. And because, as you said, for the three years, so I tell you one thing, 
[page 17]
 Page 16 of 21 
where we are using our capital. We are using our capital on expanding our client 
business. Like MTF book, there we are using our capital, like opening new branches, 
extending new facilities to the client.  So, this is what we are pushing from our side. 
So, because prop business is consolidating because of so many regulations and so many 
changes in the total regulatory system. But client side has consolidated a bit, but now 
showing some growth in recent past.  So, we believe going for the next three years, 
Share India, our wish, our goal is 70% business is from client in next three years, a nd 
30% from prop. This is what we are wishing, because entire capital and efforts have 
been put towards increasing our retail business. 
Abhinav Gupta: Right. So, just to clarify, 52% of the profitability is on the standalone basis, on the 
consolidated basis, it's 49% already. As Sachin sir said, the goal is to take the prop to 
around 30% in next three years, essentially, in terms of profitability. 
Urmesh Shah: Right. So, next question on the MTF business, I know you explained it before in the 
previous question also, but when you say that MTF target is around INR 650 crores 
for FY27, have I got that figure right? 
Sachin Gupta: Yes, yes, perfect. 
Urmesh Shah: So, if that is the target, and obviously, if the geopolitical situation and the volatility 
plays out, have we factored that in? 
Sachin Gupta: No, see, we cannot. We don't know. See, we don't know that.  See, MTF growth is 
entirely dependent on market performance. As in last quarter, there was no demand in 
MTF, but since Q1 of this financial year, again the market s are showing upside, and 
recent article in newspaper was demand for MTF has gone up again. So, MTF 
definitely depends on the market performan ce, and whatever the external reasons are, 
if market is performing good, demand for MTF goes up. So, what we are considering, 
when we are saying INR 650 crores, our consideration is very simple, that outside 
scenario remains normal, and market remains good. So, India is one market which has 
not performed the last year.  If you compare to any Asian market, India is the worst 
performer. 
Urmesh Shah: Yes, that is why I asked. 
Sachin Gupta: Yes, this year if geopolitical situation gets stabilized, and markets are normal. So, my 
understanding is the kind of network we are having now on ground , demand is high, 
and there we believe another INR 200 crore AUM in MTF is not tough. But we cannot 
assure that, as there is a caveat that it depends on the market performance overall. My 
assessment is only about the kind of network we are spreading , from there, INR 200 
[page 18]
 Page 17 of 21 
crore is not a tough target. We hope we will achieve it if in market other things remain 
normal. 
Abhinav Gupta: Okay. Also, I would like to add, as Sachin Sir already said, that this business has some 
sort of cyclicity attached to it. But we take a lot of pride in the fact that within the Q4, 
while the market was extremely volatile, we closed December number at INR 457 
crores, kind of an MTF, which only reduced to INR 424 crores. In the absolute scenario 
where there was a lot of volatility, the MTF book has not seen a drop of more than...  
Urmesh Shah: Yes, it has stabilized. 
Abhinav Gupta: Yes, so it has stabilized. So, that gives us a lot of comfort in the fact that the kind of 
network that we have created, and we are sure that even with the cyclicity, the deviation 
will not be of a very significant nature in numbers. That's number one.  Number two, 
even at a INR 650 odd crores kind of a book, we are not targ eting a very significant 
market share when it comes to the entire MTF book that is available in India. I think 
even if we continue to maintain the same kind of market share that we currently do, 
even then by the virtue of the growth of the retail participa tion that is happening and 
the leverage that is happening in the system, we should be able to achieve these kind 
of numbers that have been stated. Of course, in case there is a drop in the market 
sentiment, there might be some sort of low single digit kind  of a deviation over there. 
And third, the network that we are building, as explained by the virtue of hub -and-
spoke branches, the Wealth Management branches, we are absolutely confident that 
the branch has far much more capacity to absorb that kind of boo k. Whether that we 
achieve by the end of this fiscal year or might deviate by a quarter or two, that depends 
on market scenarios essentially. 
Urmesh Shah: Right. So, one question on the NBFC front. Our NIMs are 17.64 % for FY26, and it 
was almost equal to F Y25. So, what is the hurdle that we are facing that the NIMs 
cannot go back to FY24, FY23 levels? You know, if you could just give some color 
on that. 
Abhinav Gupta: Well, see, to be honest, speaking NIM is sort of a number that has to be looked in its 
entirety because a t 17% NIM is mostly because we have not taken too much of a 
leverage. This is a business that we don't see it in terms of NIMs specifically because 
most of the capital that is used for loan disbursement is secured internally from the net 
worth of that NBFC. So, essentially, from a NIM purpose, as we go more secure in 
nature, we lend towards more secured lending.  I only believe that the NIMs will go 
down while we grow the book essentially in that sense. 
[page 19]
 Page 18 of 21 
Urmesh Shah: Okay. So, one data point, could you give some color on the average revenue per branch, 
if that is possible? 
Sachin Gupta: Okay. This is a subjective thing because average revenue for every branch depends on 
the location. Like if you have a branch in Calcutta, revenues can be much, much higher. 
But if you have a branch in Patna, then you cannot match the revenues. Very simple. 
So, the issue is, you cannot span it branch by branch. What the target is? So, the target 
for the  Tier 3, every branch has to do at least 10 to 15 crore MTF in a year. Every 
branch. Correct? So, let us suppose if we have 30 branches on the ground. So, INR 300 
crores to INR 500 crores we are expecting in a year from these branches. Correct? So, 
what is happening once you go through tier 3 cities, your ticket size dr ops, your risk 
got spread, and your margins are better. Correct?  So, what branches will do?   Every 
branch has their own niche, own demand. Like some branches in Indore, they might 
do very good business in unlisted market trading, or they do good on debt side. But 
maybe branch in Calcutta, they are doing very good on algo side. So, I tell you, Calcutta 
is a very-very big market. People are doing lot of options trading.  But till now, even 
with large deep pockets, people are not exposed to algo trading at all. So, their Share 
India is getting good response from the clients, and we are only focusing on providing 
algo trading facility to all these traders. We are not pushing MTF, not pushing all these 
products. Correct? Because they are hardcore equity traders. So, every area, you need 
to understand the geography, you need to understand the demand of that area , and 
according to that, you need to push the products. Right? 
Abhinav Gupta: I get that, sir. 
Sachin Gupta: Yes. 
Abhinav Gupta: So, to be honest, it's not a metric that we look at it from that perspective, at least from 
a KPI perspective of our retail team. 
Urmesh Shah: Okay. No, I get that, sir. I was just asking why, because as you said, Calcutta is a huge 
market. And just as you showed the example of Patna, Patna obviously won't generate 
that kind of revenue. So, in the future presentation, ju st as a suggestion, if you could 
just incorporate these numbers, at least if region-wise, or if that is possible. 
Sachin Gupta: Point noted. Will do. For the confidence of the investors, will do.  Sir, I just want to 
comment that since last two years, we ar e already commenting on uTrade, we are 
commenting on retail business, MTF, so many things. Right. But you all can relate that 
slowly and gradually; we are implementing everything.  Like since two years, we are 
doing a lot of efforts with uTrade. First time uTrade crossed 5,000 clients. That's a big 
achievement for us. It is still not a big number in terms of revenue. Right now, revenue 
[page 20]
 Page 19 of 21 
is not the focus. The focus is participation by the retailers in algo trading. So, that there 
we have a lead, correct? We are definitely thinking that in the next five years, it can be 
a Zerodha movement for algo trading for retail.  Their Share India can take the lead. 
So, we are implementing each and everything slowly and gradually.  So, like Wealth 
Management, like PMS, everything. So, we particularly believe that we just want to 
ensure to the investors that our focus is diversified revenues, risk-averted business, and 
catering to the retail side, maybe directly or through the mediators. So, point well 
taken, Abhinav. Please note down. We can also give you the better presentation about 
the different branches and the business they are doing. 
Urmesh Shah: Sure, sir. Thank you so much. That helps. Thank you and all the best. 
Sachin Gupta: Yes, thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Abhijit Sakhare with Kot ak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Sakhare: Thanks for the follow -up. Sir, I just wanted to double -check the number that  you 
mentioned earlier. Because of this RBI regulation, if it goes through, I think the date 
when it becomes effective is July 1st. You are anticipating around 20%, 30% sort of 
an impact on the prop side of the business. 
Abhinav Gupta: No. I think I will be very clear. So, number one, the number that has been stated in this 
call is around 20%.  And that is the number that is we are seeing a drop in margin 
essentially because of that and not the business. As we said, because the margin impact 
will impact the entire industry, we believe the margin per trade would have a better 
revenue. So, it's like the unit economics will take a different curve.  And hence the 
impact would be, remains to be seen, but we anticipate it to be much lower than th at. 
Abhijit Sakhare: Yes, you mentioned the spread will widen so the revenue impact could be lower than 
that. 
Sachin Gupta: We are expecting, sir, around INR 40,000 to INR 50,000 crores worth of capital will 
be taken out from the market. So, that will definitely improve the per trade margin. 
Abhijit Sakhare: Got it, sir. And sir, you mentioned about the Market Maker regime. Sir, in your view, 
if indeed we have a new regime i ntroduced by SEBI, do you believe that will offset 
the impact that comes from the RBI regulation?  I am not clear as to how the Market 
Maker regime will offset the impact of the RBI regulations. My next question was, you 
mentioned about the Market Maker potential. 
[page 21]
 Page 20 of 21 
Sachin Gupta: I will explain. Kamlesh sir will join, I will explain. So, as you said, what will be the 
impact of, or whether there will be any impact of that regime.  So, I will tell you the 
difference. So, RBI circular said that bank guarantees can be extended to the Market 
Makers for the market making activity. So, what industry is saying, people who are 
doing prop trading, especially arbitrage strategies, we are acting as a liquidity provider 
for the market.  So, rather than using mar ket making, it should be liquidity provider. 
So, people who are providing liquidity to the market, they should not be discouraged 
from the trading. Once they are discouraged, then the impact cost will be much wider 
and liquidity will be tough in the market . So, what industry is telling to the RBI, that 
rather than Market Maker s, because there is not as such Market Maker s in India 
market, you allow the liquidity providers to get the bank guarantees from the bank. 
What will be the impact? So, impact will be, people who are doing purely prop and 
doing arbitrage strategies, they will be able to extend the bank guarantees for the 
business. For them, the impact will be nothing for them. Like, Share India is a hybrid 
model, right? But the brokers who are not hybrid , they are only doing prop, but 
arbitrage strategies, they should be allowed to take the bank guarantees. The reason is 
that, if 50% is collateral, given by the broker for the bank guarantees and if the risk is 
less than 50%, why not they should be allowed to get the bank guarantees? That's the 
whole argument. So, once that is done, RBI's circular impact will be much lesser and 
liquidity will be good in the market, unless there will be a challenge of higher impact 
cost and liquidity in the market. That's the whole concern. But as far as Share India is 
concerned, Share India has already been classified as a hybrid broker, so there will be 
no impact of that particular thing on us. 
Kamlesh Shah: Second thing we have to keep in mind, that the existing bank guarantee will continue.  
I mean, until the expiry. So, irrespective of that, the bank guarantee which we have up 
to 30th of June would be permitted to continue, so there will be lesser impact on this 
year's performance. And let us keep our fingers crossed on the RBI issue and probably 
when the next investor presentation happens after the June result, we will have clarity 
on the entire issue. 
Abhijit Sakhare: Understood. Sir, one final clarification. Is it a possibility that you are able to renew the 
bank guarantees before the deadline and then you can continue to use that even though 
the regulation becomes effective? 
Kamlesh Shah: Absolutely. I mean, that has been permitted and it is all official, so the re is absolutely 
nothing to worry. In fact, as Sachin Ji has rightly said, we are converting intraday 
facility into bank guarantees. So, our efforts are towards that, that the minimum impact 
should be there on this particular event. And with the network, kind of network, see, 
we are better placed than the competition. So, that way also, we should be able to do 
[page 22]
 Page 21 of 21 
and as I told you, the bank guarantee would be allowed till the expiry.  So, by up to 
March 2027, there will be minimum impact. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand 
the conference call over to the Management for closing remarks. 
Kamlesh Shah: Sachin, would you like to elaborate something on the Metropolitan Stock Exchange?  
Sachin Gupta: So, we have a sizable investment in MSCI as  we have invested in the two rounds. So, 
MSCI has launched their cash market recently and it is already up and running.  So, 
they are consistently doing more than INR 300 crores to INR 400 crore volume on cash 
market side on a daily basis. So, that's the one big thing from the chain perspective and 
from our investment perspective. Going further, MSCI has planned to launch their IPO 
side where all the companies who are getting listed, they will be listed parallelly to 
MSCI. That will give them one more push in the turnover. Also, they are planning to 
start their SME segment. So, SME companies who are engaging with NSE and BSE, 
there will be one more exchange who will be allowing SME companies to get listed on 
their platform.  So, MSCI is one thing. And also, if they clear all the regulatory 
approvals they are planning to launch their derivative segment in FY27 only.  So, if 
they go as per their planning, we believe MSCI can give us very good return. Going 
further, we are very hopeful , the way exchange has planned their future. So, that is 
very bright and going further, Share India will be one of the beneficiary parties from 
this particular investment. 
Abhinav Gupta: So, Sachin Sir, is there anything more to add or shall we conclude the call? 
Sachin Gupta: Yes, no, I think I am done. So, Kamlesh sir can conclude. 
Kamlesh Shah: No, no, that's it, you know. I mean, we wanted to highlight a new opportunity and new 
exchange whereby we get different product. Even o n unlisted space, there is a lot of 
activity. And we look forward to actively play a role in the unlisted segment also. So, 
we are exploring all the new possibilities to see that we have diversified and sustainable 
business model. Thank you. 
Abhinav Gupta: So, on behalf of Share India, thanks a lot to all the participants. Operator, you now may 
take over. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Share India Securities Limited , that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
