[page 1]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
(CIN: L67120GJ1994PLC115132) 
Member: NSE, BSE, MCX, NCDEX & MSEI 
Depository Participant with CDSL  
AMFI Registered Mutual Fund Distributor 
SEBI Registered Research Analyst & Portfolio Manager 
MAY 2025-MAY 2026 
INDIA 
                            
                 
      
January 30, 2026 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 540725 / 976824 / 976825 /977430 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
SYMBOL: SHAREINDIA 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call with Analysts/Investors  held on January 28, 2026 to discuss the 
Un-audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”) read with Para A of Part A to Schedule III of the  Listing Regulations, please find 
enclosed herewith the transcript of Conference Call with Analysts/Investors held on Wednesday, January 28, 
2026 to discuss the Un-audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2025. 
 
Please take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Share India Securities Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Aggarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: F5512 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 Page 1 of 11 
Share India Securities Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call 
January 28, 2026 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Share India Securities 
Limited Q3  & 9 M FY ‘ 26 Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Valorem 
Advisors. 
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please si gnal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
 I now hand over the conference to Ms. Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you, Ma'am. 
Hena Khatri: Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. My 
name is Hena Khatri from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor 
Relations of Share India Securities Limited. On behalf of the Company, I 
would like to thank you all for participating in the Company's earnings call for 
the 3rd Quarter and the nine months ended of the Financial Year 2026. 
 Before we begin, a quick cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings conference call may be forward -looking in nature.  Such 
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could 
cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such statements are based 
on Management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information 
currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward -looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely 
to educate and bring awareness about the Company's fundamental business and 
financial quarter under review. 
 Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's 
Earnings Call. We have with us Mr. Kamlesh Shah, Managing Director; Mr. 
Sachin Gupta, CEO & Whole-time Director; Mr. Abhi nav Gupta, President, 
Capital Markets and Products. 
 Without any further delay, I request Mr. Kamlesh Shah to start with his opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Sir. 
Kamlesh Shah: Yes. Thank you, Hena madam. Good evening. It is my privilege to present 
Financial Performance of our Company for 3rd Quarter Financial Year 2025-
'26. 
The Indian capital market outlook for year 2026 remains cautiously optimistic 
despite under performance in year 2025. And recent volatility with analysts 
forecasting double -digit return driven by earning recovery and supportive 
policies. Benchmark indices like Nifty and Sensex are rebounding from the 
recent dips. 
  
[page 3]
 Page 2 of 11 
Key forecast: 
Supported by GDP growth estimate of 7.4% to 8.2% and robust domestic 
inflows, long-term model suggests even higher averages with upside potential 
and consolidation. Free Trade Agreement with EU and other countries will 
diversify export initiatives. Union Budget may also provide momentum to the 
economy. 
 Policy support: 
Reserve Bank of India's repo rate stands at 5.25% after 25 basis point cut in 
December 2025, providing liquidity and easing cost while maintaining a 
neutral stance. SEBI reforms are easing FPI assets and deepening market, along 
with RBI's push for domestic-led capital stability, reducing FPI dependence. 
 Market drivers: 
Strong macro economy, tailwind include earning rebound in IT, consumer 
sector and credit growth, plus government initiatives like tax cut, domestic SIP 
and DII buying offsetting FII selling is bolstering resilience.  
 Risks ahead: 
Short-term range -bound trading purchase due to global trade tensions, FI I 
outflow and muted IPO activity, inflation edging up may delay further rate 
cuts, capping upside for the near term. 
 We began this financial year with a focused strategy to drive disciplined 
growth, strengthen operational resilience and deepen customer engagement 
across all our businesses. I am pleased to report that the results for  Quarter 3 
reflect solid progress in our standalone performance, although consolidated 
results were comparatively lower for the quarter. 
 Now let me walk through the detailed financial performance. 
First, we will discuss standalone results: 
 Quarter 3 Financial Year 2025-'26: 
The total revenue from operations stood at Rs. 305 crores, reflecting year-on-
year increase of around 18%. Profit before tax was at Rs. 107 crores, and profit 
after tax was Rs. 81 crores, making significant increase of 34 % and 35%, 
respectively, on year -on-year basis. Earnings per share for the quarter on a 
standalone basis stood at Rs. 3.69 based on face value of Rs. 2 per share.  
 Now we shall come to consolidated results  for Quarter 3 Financial Year 
2025-26: 
 Total revenue from the operations was Rs. 372 crores, reflecting year-on-year 
increase of about 9%. Consolidated profit before tax and profit after tax stood 
at Rs. 122.35 crores and Rs. 89 crores, reflecting an increase of approximately 
9.32% and 8%, resp ectively, on a year -on-year basis. Earnings per share for 
the quarter stood at Rs. 4.06 based on the face value of Rs. 2 per share. We 
have also declared a third interim dividend of Rs. 0.40 per share, that comes to 
around 20% on the face value. 
  
[page 4]
 Page 3 of 11 
Key financial ratios also shows healthy trend: 
Net worth on a consolidated basis stands at Rs. 2,600 crores plus. Debt equity 
ratio is comfortable at 0.24%. Current ratio is at 2.12x. Operating profit margin 
stands at 43% and net profit margin at 24%. 
 Looking ahead: 
We remain cautiously optimistic about the 4th Quarter  of the year. While 
external environment continues to present both opportunities and challenges, 
we are well positioned to sustain our growth trajectory. We shall continue to 
focus on foray into debt markets through our subsidiary, expanding commodity 
trading, expanding our core busin ess with efficiency and discipline, 
accelerating digital and operational innovation, strengthening our product 
portfolio by adding PMS, MTF and market making skills, focus on retail 
business and wealth management. Our strategic initiatives are progressing 
well, and we expect them to start delivering incremental gain in coming 
quarters. 
 In closing, I would like to express my sincere appreciation for your continued 
trust and support. We are confident in our ability to dedicate the evolving 
business landscape and deliver on our commitments. Our focus remains on 
driving long-term value creation for our shareholders, partners, employees and 
customers. Thank you once again for attending this meet in large number. 
 Over to you, Sachin, for further commentary. Thank you. 
Sachin Gupta: Thank you, Kamlesh sir, for the details you shared about the Q3 of this 
financial year and future prospects and where we are focusing. 
I will just give a brief about the numbers in different departments and where 
we are focusing ahead and the new initiatives taken by the Company in this 
quarter. So, thank you, everyone, for joining us for Q3 FY '26 performance. 
 First of all, I would like to share my satisfaction that overall industry has 
stabilized, especially this sect or. And now after the brief downside we have 
seen in last quarter, especially last financial year, after that we have seen a 
steady growth or may be a stabilization in the industry, and that gives us more 
encouragement. Going further, it gives us more room to experiment and look 
for new verticals to grow. 
 So, market participation is also improving. Slowly volumes have started going 
up now. And we think that we have crossed the worst period and not up, but at 
least stabilization, we can definitely see. We are quite hopeful that we have 
seen good three quarters as industry-wise. We are hopeful that Quarter 4 should 
also be better than the previous three quarters or maybe we will do something 
good in Quarter 4. 
 So, what numbers have changed in Quarter 3, I will just explain those numbers. 
So, MTF book has increased marginally by 3% quarter -to-quarter. It was Rs. 
443 crores in Quarter 2, which have gone up to Rs. 457 crores. I would say it's 
not only a marginal increase, but we have seen that market was very volatile 
and shaky, especially in the last quarter, especially small cap and mid -cap 
stocks have seen a lot of value erosion in this quarter. 
 But still, our sales team, I should give credit to the sales team and the entire 
retail team that they have worked really hard to maintain the MTF numbers ; 
and rather maintaining, we have seen an increase of 3% on a quarter-to-quarter 
[page 5]
 Page 4 of 11 
basis even after the extre mely volatile market. And ADTO, average daily 
turnover, has gone up from Rs. 7,500 crores in Quarter 2 to Rs. 9,700 crores in 
Quarter 3 . That's really a big jump, Rs. 2,200 crores, ADTO's jump from 
Quarter 2 to Quarter 3.  
 This is a 29% increase in ADTO in Quarter 3. That's what I was just mentioning 
that I believe that after the stabilization, volumes have started growing up, and 
we are hopeful that now the base has been set. And going further, we  will see 
better time for this entire financial sector. And as Kamlesh sir explained, 
commodity has played a vital role in this ADTO and going further, we believe 
like the gold, silver and all the metals are volatile, retailers and the creditors 
interest in com modities have increased . A nd we  believe that going further, 
commodity will also show good numbers. It will help in the growth of the 
overall business. 
 Coming back to the broking clients: 
As we all know, as markets are volatile and dormant accounts are going down 
and number of clients is not increasing at all. But net clientage has not 
decreased at least on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We have seen an 1% increase 
in the number of active clients in Share India overall equities from Quarter 2 
to Quarter 3. Again, I will give credit to the entire retail team that they  have 
worked really hard to add a lot of new clients because clients who are stopping 
their accounts is more these days . But after so much effort on the ground, we 
were able to at least maintain, an d we are able to see a bit of growth in the 
number of active clients from Quarter 2 to Quarter 3. 
 And on institutional client base side, I would say that's a really encouraging 
number. So, we have seen a 13% growth in active clients in the institutional 
side from 154 to 174, it's a growth of 20. More institutions have empaneled as 
their broker. And that's really encouraging. So, even after the operation of only 
two years in the IC desk, we have now 174 institutions active with us. This is 
a really fairly large number. And again, kudos to the entire institutional team 
led by Mr. Kalpesh Parek h. So , 13% increase in the active number of 
institutions from Quarter 2 to Quarter 3 basis. This is an overall view of the 
business in Quarter 3 , what challenges we have faced and on which side 
business has grown. 
 Now I just want to show some light on the future projects we are working on. 
And also, some initiatives we have just taken. 
So, coming back to the future projects: 
 So, wealth, as we are explaining since last two quarters, wealth is a core area 
where we are extremely hopeful and we  are working very hard to crack this.  
And I hope next financial year, all the planning has been done, recruitment is 
still in place, still some fairly midsized managers have been appointed and 
execution plan is on the table now. So, I believe from the Q1 of next financial 
year, we will see that the wealth management team will be on the ground. And 
next financial year we see good numbers coming from the distribution of third-
party products. 
 And also on PMS side, yes, there is some delay in PMS because of some 
compliance issues. And PMS any time, next 10 to 15 days, PMS will be 
launched. And once that PMS part is done. AIF, we have applied for the license 
and the new Company formed called Share India Wealth Multiplier Solutions 
Private Limited. So, a new AIF license, it actually has been applied in Share 
[page 6]
 Page 5 of 11 
India Wealth Multiplier Solutions Private Limited. This Company is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Share India.  
 So, this Company will take care about, this is the first AIF we are launching. 
Going further, more will come.  And so here we will manufacture all our 
products and distribution team will also distributing these products along with 
the third -party products. So, wealth management side distribution will kick 
start from next financial year. Even you can see AIF and also PMS, we will see 
some traction or some numbers coming from the AIF and PMS side also. This 
is for the wealth management side. 
 And one more Company has been formed. I explained in the last con call Share 
India Greyhill Partnership for the debt market. So , taking it forward, a 
Company has been formed , Company is called Shar e India Cred Capital 
Private Limited. It is a subsidiary of the Share India Securities. This Company 
has been incorporated on 6th January 2026. So, this will be a technology-driven 
fixed income investment distribution platform, led by the Goyal family. The y 
presented their part in the last con call. So, taking ahead the Greyhill 
partnership, so the Company has been formed. And again, this Company will 
be operational from the Q1 of the next financial year. 
 So, next year you will see a lot of new initiatives will start showing some 
ground like AIF, PMS, wealth distribution and Share India Cred Capital also 
will be operational from the next financial year. 
 Going further, I would like to explain about Silverleaf: 
So, Silverleaf, as I explained last quarter, SEBI approvals were received. And 
again, things are in NCLT. So, they are in advanced stage, so we believe NCLT 
approval should come by end of this quarter. So, Silverleaf merger will happen 
next financial year, that will also add to the numbers of the Share India in next 
financial year. That is a big thing we all are looking forward. So, that will give 
us, again, more revenues from the different s treams by the highly 
professionally trained traders.  
 So, next financial year, we are hopeful that a lot of new initiatives will take 
place, and they will start showing results. Also, as I explained in last con call 
that we have plans of branch expansion. Again, that branch expansion plan we 
are still working on and we will start with five pilot branches and locations we 
are in discussion. So , from April onwards we  will start all these branches at 
five different locations, again, Q1 next financial year. 
 So, next financial year what initiatives primarily we are looking at, AIF, PMS, 
Wealth, Silverleaf, Share India Cred Capital , and Branch network expansion 
will start from the next financial year, primarily targeting the retailers in Tier-
3 cities and looking for the possibilities to expand the MTF book with the 
distribution of wealth products. 
 So, these are the initiatives we are hav ing in mind . A nd going further, we 
believe a Company like Share India will be able to see new heights of growth 
in next financial year as a lot of new initiatives are coming in. And we are 
hopeful that Share India is keeping a great control on the current business. And 
everything is intact , team is doing really hard work and motivated. And we 
hope that numbers will start showing results on the positive side from the next 
financial year, especially from the Q1. 
 I think that's it from my side, sir. 
[page 7]
 Page 6 of 11 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Harsh, an individual investor. 
Harsh: Thank you for the opportunity. So, I have a few questions  on the NBFC 
vertical. So, what is the reason fo r continuous decline in NIMs over the last 
few years? 
Abhinav Gupta: So, as we have been very continuously saying that initially we were doing a lot 
of unsecured lending in Tier 2, Tier 3 towns when we were growing that book 
in Fiscal Year ‘ 23, Fiscal Year ‘ 24. Within the span of Fiscal Year ‘ 24, we 
moved towards a secured book, which currently contributes around 40% of the 
book. And as the industry practice is, in secured book there is a comparatively 
lower amount of NIMs that we maintain. So, the blended NIMs that you would 
see, we will see a few more hundred basis points dow nward traction before 
they stabilize at that level. 
Harsh: Okay. And also our client base and branch network is also reducing , so what 
is the reason for this? And in the future, what's the strategy for the same? 
Abhinav Gupta: So, as we continuously mainta in in terms of, we have sort of reduced our 
unsecured book which was given in Tier 2, Tier 3 towns. So, in terms of branch 
network we think we have mostly downsized whatever that we had to do. Of 
the Rs. 250-odd crores book that we have currently left, around Rs. 100 crores 
is only present in the unsecured nature. So, going forward, as earlier stated as 
well, we will continue to focus on the secured lending, which would be a lower 
ROE, but a much more secured product for the growth aspect of the Company. 
Harsh: Okay. And my last question, what is the reason for increase in the NPA for Q3 
versus Q2? 
Abhinav Gupta: So, between Q3 and Q2, as we have said, in terms of unsecured book, we were 
already seeing a little bit of st ress that was there in the last year as well. And 
we were very conservative in our approach to sort of start producing it before 
the industry. So, hence, I think as we were sort of downsizing our unsecured 
book, there were sort of some defaults that we had  to take on our book. But 
going forward, we should see these kind of NPAs going downward only. Plus 
as our secured book grow, the blended NPAs will go further down from those 
levels. 
Harsh: Thank you, sir. That answers my questions. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan, an individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Rohan: Thank you so much for the opportunity, sir. I just wanted to understand more 
on the subsidiaries part. So, like we have uTrade, we hav e Algowire, and we 
have Silverleaf, so I understand it is in the algorithmic trading segment, so how 
is that? And what is the revenue we  are getting from there? And how is the 
growth going forward? And what is the run rate we expect from these verticals? 
Sachin Gupta: So, like you said, three subsidiaries on the tech side. So, Algowire is a 
subsidiary which is focusing only on the low latency products, like high -
frequency trading, maybe helping with FPGA technology and all. So, Algowire 
does not provide any service with any outside client s apart from Share India. 
So, Share India is the only client because they are serving only to the parent 
Company and to our needs, right? So, Algowire is not the Company which has 
been created to get more revenues from the industry, they are created to help 
the parent Company to grow, especially on low-latency side of the trading, one. 
[page 8]
 Page 7 of 11 
 Two, Silverleaf. Silverleaf is in a HFT -based trading Company. As I said, 
merger will be done next financial year. So, we are expecting on the Silverleaf 
we will be expecting not less than, revenue side, I  am talking about gross 
revenue, it should not be less than anywhere between the Rs. 50 crores to Rs. 
60-odd crores. 
 So, Silverleaf, once the merger will be done , we are expecting top line of Rs. 
50 crores to Rs. 60-odd crores, and that's the initial revenues. And we are very 
hopeful the kind of technology they are bringing in, going further, if a parent 
Company like Share India is there, and we just help with mor e risk appetite 
and more capital exposure to them, then these numbers can easily multiply by 
2x to 3x in next one year or two years. So, this is Silverleaf.  
 And lastly, uTrade.  So, uTrade is a Company who focus es more on the 
customer-facing products. And in the last one and a half  years, probably two 
years, they are only developing products for Share India. Now they are all set 
and they have created a very fabulous products of algo trading based on AI for 
the retailers, and the product has been delivered to Share India. And now next 
financial year, the core management of uTrade is focusing on opening uTrade 
for the multi-broker. They will offer the product to the multi brokers, not only 
Share India. And we believe that uTrade numbers should also multiply by 2 x 
to 3x in next one or two years. 
 So, uTrade and Silverleaf should give us really good growth in next two years. 
Algowire is just a support Company, which is helping the parent Company. 
And as SEBI has opened u p for the retail algos , s o demand is there in the 
industry. A nd the kind of organized and future -looking products they have 
developed that's one of its kind. And once the management will start meeting 
and start tying up with the larger brokers based on the  retail side, we believe 
the revenue will definitely go up and people will like their product. And 
Silverleaf, as I said, again, they  are good in trading side. Once the capital is 
provided to them, then their number will also go up. So, both companies should 
show at least 2x to 3x growth in revenue in the next two years. 
Abhinav Gupta: Also, I would just like to clarify. As sir said, Algowire caters to the need of the 
parent Company, which are used by parent Company to grow their own retail 
business. So, Algowire sort of gives us the low latency solution, which are the 
bread and butter for Share India Securities . And hence used by them, or the 
clientele of Share India Securities and the charges to them is in the form of 
broking income. So, a  lot of broking i ncome growth that we are expecting 
should be driven from those solutions, which are created by Algowire. And 
uTrade and Silverleaf has been clearly explained by sir very clearly in his 
statement. Just a note, Silverleaf is yet to merge . As explained by sir  earlier. 
Silverleaf numbers will start showing for the first time from Fiscal Year ‘ 27 
onwards. 
Rohan: Okay, got it sir. Thank you so much. That gives a lot of clarity. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sejal, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sejal: Sir, thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to ask a question regarding the 
insurance segment. So , what would be the reason for the decline in revenue 
from that segment? 
Sachin Gupta: Abhinav, can you please check? Revenues have not shown any declin e. 
Revenues are up.  
[page 9]
 Page 8 of 11 
Abhinav Gupta: Insurance, as you would appreciate, there's a little structural issue where a lot 
of business happens in the Q4 onwards. So, far an insurance Company, 
measuring only Q1 or Q2 or Q3 numbers would be inappropriate numbers. 
JFM quarter is a very strong quarter and the Company in the overall growth 
number should be on a growth trajectory. In terms of Q3 to Q3 comparison, if 
you look on a year-on-year basis, there might be a little drop. But I think that's 
a very minute drop in terms of numbers. The projections for the full year are 
on track for that. 
Sachin Gupta: So, full year projection, we are expecting at least 20% to 25% growth year-on-
year basis from April to March. Because as Abhinav said, JFM is very crucial, 
so a lot of business discussions are going on . A nd we hope that, that will 
convert into the real business. And we are expecting 20%, 25% growth in the 
overall business in the insurance side. 
Sejal: Alright. And also, sir, about the broking business, so what would be driving 
the growth in that segment? 
Abhinav Gupta: Ma'am, if you look at the micro level analysis, the biggest contributor has been 
the MTF in the last couple of quarters, and especially in the last fiscal year. So, 
the interest income, which is driven by the cash market, as sir has already 
explained in his opening comments, the volumes have stabilized in this fiscal 
year. So, the cash market turnovers are more or less back on track what they 
were in the earlier levels. So, the interest income would be driving as a 
component of broking income . Plus the new age products that we are doing 
with uTrade Algo and Algowire, which will help us create a niche into the 
segment, will continue to bring more broking clientele into the fray. 
Sachin Gupta: Also, I would like to add here, like as Abhinav said, MTF is one driving force 
and our algo-based platform, that's a really good forward-looking platform has 
been created by uTra de to see all the wealth -based distribution which we are 
starting. So, that will add a lot of value to the retailers . Like there is a lot of 
demand for AIF, structured AIF, PMS and debt-based investment, which right 
now Share India is not providing to the client. So, once all these things will be 
in kitty, as I said from Q1 of next financial year, so along with that we are 
opening so many branches on ground in Tier 3 cities. So, once all these 
products will be introduced, we believe that it will help Share India to grow 
the retail base on the ground. 
Sejal: Alright. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin: Actually, what are the growth plans of going retail broking in the se gment by 
Share India? Like Groww and Zerodha are expanding massively to capture the 
retail clientele, what are our plans to go to these segments and all? And what 
are the plans of getting MTF books to mass people of India? What are our 
plans? 
Sachin Gupta: So, as sir you said, Groww and Zerodha, so everyone is struggling with the 
numbers. They are also focusing on MTFs and wealth products. So, you can 
see Groww has started MTF last year, Zerodha started MTF last year. So, MTF 
is one thing which is very sticky to the retailer, so Share India is also.  So, as 
per SEBI circular, there is a limitation that a broker cannot fund more than the 
50% of the net worth in MTF. So, that gives a lot of scope for the business in 
Tier 3 cities. So, Share India is also focusing on MTFs, like they are creating 
[page 10]
 Page 9 of 11 
their book online , we are focusing on offline. Everyone is working on their 
strength. So, MTF is one thing. 
 And as I said, how to grow? Next  two-year target is to double the book from 
Rs. 450-odd crores to anywhere between Rs. 900 crores to, four figures, to Rs. 
1,000 crores is our aim. And how we will grow it? It's very simple. As I said, 
we are planning to start opening our branches on ground in Tier 3 cities where 
there's still a lot of scope.  People who are associated with the brokers, whose 
net worth is not so much where they can offer good MTF line to the clients, so 
there is the scope of exiting the business. So, Tier 3 cities is our focus. 
 And going further, if we are successful in running these five pilot branches, we 
will then keep on increasing the branches on the ground. And also, we are 
focusing on adding more associates on the ground in central part of India and 
southern part of India, and also on the west side. So, right now we are mainly 
in the northern part of India. So, we will increase our base in terms of branches 
and more associates. And using all this network, we  will try to increase our 
MTF book and target is four figures in next two years, nearly doubling the 
book from here. 
 I think that was your question. Is there anything else in your question? I just 
got disconnected. 
Nitin: Actually, I want to know what Share India is going to reach the mass people? 
Like we are seeing daily advertisements are coming in the TV channels by 
every brokerage house, Zerodha, Groww, Kotak Bank, there are some more of 
them, they are continuously giving ads and all of MTF books, come and have 
an MTF with us. What we are doing to capture these clients or what we are 
doing digitally to capture these clients? 
Sachin Gupta: Abhinav, do you want to answer this? 
Abhinav Gupta: Sure, sir. So, you need to unde rstand when you say mass level, the re are 
different sort of business strategies that are involved in it. Comparing a 
Company like Share India directly with likes of Groww or Zerodha would be 
a very unfair assessment. We are more of a physical presence, brick-and-mortar 
kind of a player. Our strategy is more on the lines, as sir has explained already, 
in offering multiple products with high touch base point s. Also, in terms of 
being focused towards insurance and other wealth management products. 
 In terms of retail network, neither are we targeting being the biggest player in 
terms of the number of retail customers. So, when you say mass-mass, there is 
a different strategy that is involved. And as explained, we will be focused more 
on high -touch businesses wi th more physical presence rather than being 
focused more on branding or advertisement purposes. 
Sachin Gupta: I just want to add two things. As you said, so Share India is also planning to 
digitally advertise the products like uTrade Algo and MTF another p roducts 
digitally marketing or branding. For the branding purpose also the Share India 
is planning to start that in -house, so earlier we were trying to deal it through 
the vendor, which was an unsuccessful attempt. So, Share India is trying to 
setting the base in-house. And we will start marketing our products online on 
all the digital platforms possible. And also, the TV ads and all these things, 
they are continuously coming on the different channels. And we  will be 
marketing our products, as I said, MTF and other products. So, we are hopeful 
that by way of marketing and physical branches on the ground, it will help us 
to connect with the masses of the Tier 3 cities. 
[page 11]
 Page 10 of 11 
Nitin: Okay, thank you. And one question more, how much Share India is having a 
stake in MSEI, the new exchange, which is going to launch on 1st of February? 
Sachin Gupta: I think, Abhinav, we are holding 3% equity? 
Abhinav Gupta: 3% plus, sir. 
Sachin Gupta: 3% plus equity Share India is holding in MSEI. 
Nitin: Okay. Thank you. That’s all. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul: Good evening, everyone. The turnover has shown a significant growth in the 
Quarter 3, how should we interpret this trend and the management look out for 
this? 
Abhinav Gupta: So, sir, the ADTO numbers that you referred to have seen some growth in Q3 
specifically, which are contributed by the stability that has come in the cash 
market, and also the commodity market growth that has been there. 
Commodity market, especially in the last quarter has seen a really uptick , 
which we believe is a structural number and should continue at those similar 
levels. 
 Going forward, we continue to believe that our ADTO numbers should remain 
in the similar numbers with plus/minus 5% kind of a variation going forward. 
As the cash market and the entire F&O market’s the entire downside has been 
priced in and has seen a lot of stability in the last couple of quarters. And 
commodity uptick, we believe will continue , or if not even continue, will be 
standard at this level going forward, at least for a few more quarters. 
Sachin Gupta: So, I want to add some points. So, I will tell you, sir, overall see how the market 
behaves and a lot of regulatory challenges were coming, chang es are coming. 
So, people tend to stop, wait and watch and then plan their strategy. Then 
slowly and gradually they get stabilized in the market. So, I will give you very 
simple information. Even yesterday was Nifty ’s monthly expiry, right? And 
Nifty Options has touched the highest volume in Nifty Options yesterday only, 
so that was more than Rs. 90,000 crores, correct. 
 So, this was the highest volume in Nifty Options when SEBI stopped Bank 
Nifty and five -day day expiries , s o this was the highest volume in Nifty, 
especially on Tuesdays, correct? So, we can easily see participation has started 
going up slowly and gradually in all the products, like by the retailer s, by the 
traders, by the speculators, by everyone. And secondly , volatility is high. So, 
when the volatility is high, so regular activity tends to go up. So , as I said in 
my early comments, we believe that at least stabilization is there. So, the earlier 
trend was going down, then we see a stability for two to three quarters. Now 
from Q3, we have started seeing some growth in the volumes, but all the 
segments. 
 And also, commodity has added a lot of numbers in ADTO. Again, thanks to 
the volatility, gold and silver prices, all the matters and everything. So, all these 
things put together, overall participation in the market by all segments is 
actually growing. So, as I shared the Nifty numbers of yesterday expiry, it was 
highest number in Nifty after they shifted to the Tuesday. 
Rahul: Thank you, sir. 
[page 12]
 Page 11 of 11 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Danish, an individual investor.  
Please go ahead. 
Danish: Good evening, sir. Sir, I have just one question. So, basically, merchant 
banking revenues appear to be lumpy , can you please provide some visibility 
on the curre nt IPO pipeline and your confidence in sustaining deal flow for 
this? 
Kamlesh Shah: Sir, you are absolutely right that merchant banking numbers would continue to 
have some cyclical effect because of the market conditions. We have around 
six approvals in hand. Going forward, to give you a little bit more visibility, as 
said earlier, we would continue to focus more on main boards because the 
cyclicity has a far bigger impact in SME markets rather than the main board 
markets.  
 We have filed one main board IPO in September, which we are awaiting 
approval, which we should hopefully open in next quarter. We have also filed 
one more main board IPO in January this year. So , our strategy in terms of 
build pipeline would be to let the market stabilize a bit when we go ahead and 
complete the approvals that we have in hand for the SME market, and continue 
to focus on the main board IPOs, plus work on the new companies in the deal 
pipeline from next year onwards. We believe in terms of market conditions; 
next quarter would also be crucial before we start seeing some sort of a very 
significant uptick in the market sentiment and all. 
Danish: Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand 
over the conference to management for closing comments. 
Abhinav Gupta: Kamlesh sir, do you want to kick it off? Kamlesh sir, are you there? 
Sachin Gupta: Abhinav, you can take it. 
Abhinav Gupta: Yes. So, on behalf of Share India, we would like to thank all the participants 
for giving us your valuable time. The last quarter has been a quarter where we 
have seen some product stability coming in into the entire ecosystem, which 
we believe with your support will continue for this quarter as well. At the end 
of it, thanks a lot for attending the call. Thank you. 
Sachin Gupta: Thank you, everyone. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Share India Securities Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
