=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: goldium-q1fy27-concall.txt
doctype: concall
page_count_pdfinfo: N/A (native UTF-8 text transcript, no PDF/page structure; pdftotext/pdfinfo/tesseract not applicable)
formfeed_count: 0
line_count: 201
unit_convention: Millions (management commentary) mixed with Crores (some Q&A commentary; 1 crore = 10 million rupees)
conversion_factor_to_cr: Millions -> x0.1 (e.g. revenue Rs 3,637 million = Rs 363.7 Cr); Crores stated directly -> x1; both conventions appear verbatim in source and are NOT converted in the extracted text below
ocr_pages: none (no image layer; not applicable to native text source)
page_coverage: 100% (single continuous text document, no page breaks; extracted line_count 201 == source line_count 201, confirmed via wc -l on source and nl -ba line-numbering of extraction; no truncation, no dropped lines)
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27 (quarter ended 30 June 2026, per line 1, line 3, line 9)
extraction_date: 2026-08-11
=== END HEADER ===
     1	Goldium International Limited (formerly referenced as Kulam International Limited) — Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call
     2	Hosted by Monarch Network Capital Limited
     3	Quarter ended 30 June 2026
     4	
     5	Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Kulam International Limited Q1 FI27 earnings conference call hosted by Monarch Network Capital Limited. Before we begin, a brief disclaimer. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future performance and it may involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Dhani from Monach Network Capital Limited. Thank you and over to you sir.
     6	
     7	Yeah, good afternoon everyone. Thank you Palak. On behalf of Monach Node Capital, we're delighted to host the senior management of Goam International. Uh we have with us Mr. Rash Bansali, executive chairman and we have Mr. Anmul Bansali, managing director of the company. We will start the call with opening remarks from the management and then move to Q&A. Thank you and over to you sir.
     8	
     9	Thank you Rahul. Good afternoon everyone and and welcome to Goldium's earnings call for the quarter ended 30th June 2026. I would like to thank Monach team for hosting this call. Gold continues its strong growth momentum in Q1 of FY27. Gold reported total revenue of 3,637 million for Q1 FY27. Other income of Q1 FY27 included tariff refund received by the company. Goldium Zita for Q1 FY20 27 grew by 120% to 1,039 million rupees. Steady state AITA margin post tariff refund calibration grew by 400 basis points to 24%. Profit after tax for Q1 FYI 2027 more than doubled at rupees 740 million. Lacron diamond jewelry exports contributed to 90.7% to the overall export sales mix during 1 FI27 compared to 87.8% in Q1 FI26. Online revenue accounted for 19.3% of the revenue during Q1 FY27. About 64% of the inventory finished jewelry as on June 30th, 2026 is with customers as finished jewelry stock of jewelry to be sold in subsequent months to their customers. Gold's order book position as on June 30th, 2026 was about 2,250 million rupees. Cash and cash equipment including investments were at rupees 4,566.7 million. As on 30th June in July the company allot alloc allotted 3 cr 76 lak 39,281 equity shares of rupees 2 each as fully paid up bonus equity shares in the proportion of 1 is to3 by utilizing an amount of rs 7 cr 527 562. Now let me share updates on Origin. Our Indian focused B2B Labron diamond jewelry retail brand. As on date, Goldium has 26 operational stores under the brand name Origin across key cities. For Q1 FI27, Origam recorded a total revenue of rupees 81.56 million rupees. The Origam team is working on sales improvements strategies by introducing various sale enablers across stores in quarter 4. In Q4 of FI 2026, we had introduced India's first digital 3D ring builder. During Q1 FI 2027, we introduced Lacron diamond jewelry in 9 karat gold and introduced gold exchange scheme across all the stores. With that, with this overview, I'm happy to open the floor for questions. Thank you.
    10	
    11	Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may please press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll wait for a moment while the question cue assembles. The first question is on the line of Zikit Dshi from Whit Stone PMS. Please proceed with your question.
    12	
    13	Uh can you hear me?
    14	
    15	Yes sir.
    16	
    17	Yeah thanks for the opportunity and congrats for the excellent performance uh especially into the B2B uh segment. Uh so if I see our as of June end our order book was 225 K and last year at the end of June quarter it was 140 K. So it clearly shows that there is a good uh you know order book year on year. Uh but if you can elaborate more into the demand for Q2 and uh also for Q3 considering Q3 is seasonally our best quarter. Uh so how how are you seeing demand at the ground level in uh US and what led to specifically you know the 40% YI growth? uh in the Q1 uh if you can elaborate a bit more on that. Uh also you have you know uh last quarter touch upon the launch of bracelet and necklace category in the US. So have we done that and how was the initial response you can mention.
    18	
    19	Hi Mr. Jooshi Anmali here um I will take that question on and then open uh open it up and request our chairman to add any comments. So uh let me start. start with your um your follow-up questions. Um the we have launched the category of bracelet and necklaces in the later half of the last financial year. That has played out very well with select customers. We've in fact been able to add some new customers in the wholesale segment in the US. Um particularly solely for the bracelet necklace categories. We are still working on adding um and increasing our share of uh this category and introducing it to our large retail customers. Um that is that will further add um fuel and growth to our overall business profile in the B2B segment. Um overall this along with deepening presence with our existing retail customers in the US as well as deepening and introducing new customers in other geographies um particularly Middle East, Israel um especially have led to the um enhanced growth seen in Q1 FY27 this year. Um we've been able to successfully add and deepen new customers in these in these geographies which are non US geographies as well as of course as per our ongoing strategy deepen presence with our existing retail customers in America. Um with regards to Q2 Q3 we again are are um very uh you know confident uh moving forward into the coming quarters on our sales pipeline and um building as as seen in the order book and the um further deepening of presence as seen in Q1 FY27. Um we are looking forward to a robust Q2 Q3 um compared to a already record FY26 and we hope to continue the growth. It will be our endeavor to um you know provide uh further um stronger presence for Goldium for our key retail customers um in US and globally. Now I'll request our chairman to add any comment if if missed on anything. So Mr. Doshi also the uh reason very important reason why we had 40% growth this quarter was also that a lot of goods that were with our retailers actually sold. They sold very well. Labs don't demand all over America is picking up very strongly over natural diamonds and gold is a clear beneficiary for the same. Thank you.
    20	
    21	And uh you mentioned about Middle East and Israel. So can you give some number how is how much would be our outside US B2B business?
    22	
    23	So close to outside US B2 B2B business is still remain small because we started just last year but the traction and order repeat are very strong and the bracelet and necklaces that we've introduced in Middle East uh and in Israel is doing very well. So we hope to increase that number in a uh in a good uh way by the end of the year. So we'll be able to report to you that we'll have a double digit growth in non-American areas as well.
    24	
    25	Okay. Uh now my second question is regarding uh you know margins. So you did uh you know mentioned last quarter that FI27 we will see margin expansion uh and you know so there was one doubt let's say when uh you report the numbers you incure the entire other income uh and calculate the iida margin uh generally we you know exclude the other income and compare the iida margin so if I exclude the other income then the margins are uh margins have not gone up so how to look at it and uh you know in this 37 cr other income uh the 20 uh I think 15 16 K would be tariff refund. Uh so for the remaining amount was there any uh you know forex gain uh that's why you include it in the IITA margin or it is more or less a you know interest income on the treasury.
    26	
    27	Sure. Um thanks for the question Mr. Dshi. So we uh have been consistent even in our prior calls to state that our margins we look at including our other income because always a substantial portion of other income at bodium is stemmed from exchange and forex uh changes as I mean until last year or a year and a half ago we were 100% export company and even till date we are over 90 95% an export company other than origam so given the current standing and the build of our business model um the exchange income is a natural outcome of our business where we are investing in in memo inventory and a sales pipeline in the US while being doiciled in an SEZ in India. Um having said that even in the prior call and in last fiscal year's call I was happy to state that we would have a steady state margin expansion over the prior year. Um this is as per our definition including OI and yes uh we are happy to show these results in Q1 FY27 where steady state margin um IBIDA margin has inched up to 24% significantly higher than Q1 FY26 or FY26 as a whole. This is um again walking the talk as to what we have shared on our prior commitments and driven by the dual and hybrid casting method where we are casting in the US delivering US product over vision as a key supply chain solution for our customers whilst also not bearing the brunt of changing tariffs um regardless of of what they are. So because of this dual casting method we are able to inch margins upwards. FY27 will be most likely a full financial year where this dual casting method will be employed throughout the year. Um regarding Q1 itself Out of the other income um described 22 crores approximately has come from tariff tariff refund tariff duty refund. Um the balance has come split between um forex uh forex gain as well as treasury gain. Um that even if you keep consistent over the quarters you will see that even removing the 22 crores there is a very substantial growth over Q1 SY 26 taking the same metrics into consideration and all other things being equal. Um so we're happy to inch upwards um as committed and shared with our investors in the prior concall and we hope to maintain and continue this margin profile as FY27 will have a full financial year of the US casting and dual hybrid casting model. Uh thank you.
    28	
    29	Yeah, just one question on the origin and then short interview. So, uh uh how many more shows we are planning to add for the remaining of this financial year uh and any thoughts on you know franchise remodel or a brand ambassador?
    30	
    31	Sure. Thank you Mr. Doshi. So we have um signed about another seven stores which will be active. Um these seven stores will come in in come in between now and um our target is to get them open before uh at by prevalant. Um and then post that we will review the business of Origam and the whole and sold work is being put in place to increase sales per store through our program of sales enablers as our chairman had rightly identified in the opening remarks. Um I'm happy to share more details on that later in the call as well and the sort of work that's going on to further increase and make the business ongoing monthly business of a on a pertop basis even healthier. Um we will then of course calibrate basis on opportunities available from real estate key mall partners as well as if there's any successful regions which we want to uh expand faster than um regular due course of uh due course of affairs.
    32	
    33	All right. Thank you.
    34	
    35	Thank you.
    36	
    37	Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Aam B. Rali from Dal and Brosha Stock Broking Private Limited. Please proceed with your question.
    38	
    39	Uh yeah, hi sir. Thanks for the opportunity. First of all, congratulations on great set of numbers. So I just have one accounting question. So uh our other income has increased this quarter which includes a tariff related refund. So can you clarify whether this refund has already been received in cash or it's yet to be realized?
    40	
    41	Yes, Mr. Bali. The refund fully been received in cash by Goldium USA incorporated and um already within the company.
    42	
    43	Okay. Okay. And one more question. So as more players enters the lacron diamond jewelry space, so how do we see the competition evolving and how we able to differentiate it?
    44	
    45	Uh yes. So uh you know great question. I think this is the uh you know ongoing situation with slapdone retail in India. Um we believe at origam we have two to three key differentiators which will be very visible over a long-term standpoint. One of course is the design strength that comes from what we see globally, global bestsellers and the backing of a large of a publicly listed entity like Goldium which is a vendor of choice for a lot of retailers in the US. We are leveraging that design experience in order to bring the right and high quality of design and manufacturing into origam. A quick example is that especially in the ring segment which is Goldium specialty in the US market almost every ring at Audriam has been sold at least 200 to 250 times globally before we even introduce it at Audriam. This is an ongoing exercise that we do every month and every quarter. Secondly on the aspect of um team right so goldam has um a specialty in manufacturing sourcing of diamonds manufacturing of jewelry design expertise and we are marrying this with a very strong um wellperforming team on the retail side that has come in from some great um great uh retail background companies. Um we believe this is um already shown in an as an example in the sort of distribution that Origam has cracked just within about a year and a half of launch. Um as a young brand we are perhaps one of the only ones present at Some of the key malls of our country um few of which are like Phoenix, Paladium, Mumbai, R city, Mumbai, Elante, Chandigar, South City, Kolkata, Nexus, K Mangala um soon to be in um um um Phoenix um Phoenix Bangalore as well. Um and so on and so forth. Um Phoenix, Chennai as well. So again the distribution strength which where we are known to be a partner for key malls and mall based uh company companies um will further help define the longerterm trajectory for our company and see I think given again Goldium's strength we have a financial muscle that's available to us um partly yes as the QRP funds are within the company and partly also through the ongoing um sort of backing of gold through things like gold medal loan which helps extend um and sort of minimize the out way of immediate inventory when we open a new store such that we can sort of help have our sales from the first four to 6 months of a store itself subsidize partially the gold that's being invested in each uh new store opening. Um again this is due to having a parentage in the form of gold that is an established jeweler and jewelry manufacturer in the country which otherwise would not be available. Um this along with This is unique things which are unique to Golia which no startup can really compete with where I think again the benefit of which will play out in the longer term. In the more short and medium term we believe distribution will be a key edge and we are hoping to continue build the right quality and high quality of distribution which currently no other young competitor can compete with. Number two um further working on as The chairman has mentioned um that effectively through multiple different ways um and efforts that are going on uh effectively the end goal is to increase revenue per store um that itself will help create and increase revenue per store and increase the ongoing customer base of origam such that year on year same store sales growth is extremely strong. Um and I think these are the initiatives which will differentiate us in the more short to medium term. We will you know hopefully announce new techdriven leadership uh sort of opportunities as we have with the ring builder in the coming quarters to along with policy changes which will differentiate or further to help that sales enabler standpoint become even stronger. Um and then tied to that is the fact that I don't think um VC funding will be as prevalent for your number five six 78 player as it has been in the earlier days which was effectively till date for the lap drone diamond industry um jewelry retail industry in in India. So we are um confident that as the next two years come through and store maturity increases for gem store depth and store breath also increases we will stand out amongst competition due to the short and long-term factors mentioned earlier. Okay sir. Okay.
    46	
    47	Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Anubhav Mukharji from Precient Capital. Please proceed with your question.
    48	
    49	Hello. Am I audible?
    50	
    51	Yes sir.
    52	
    53	Yeah. Uh uh so my first question is in the BB export business uh can you say what is driving the sharp increase in realization uh like from uh like last uh last convention.
    54	
    55	Um thank you Mr. Mukhari. I it's a little hazy but I believe your question is on the realization on per piece of jewelry on the B2B business. Um again that is
    56	
    57	perfect perfect. So so that is defined by um we only sell finished jewelry again complete diamond studed jewelry, we don't do any plain gold, nor do we do any um loose diamonds. So on a finished jewelry standpoint, there are two factors that um of course drive our ASP. I think there's of of course our quarter on quarter changes. But on a overall standpoint, the movement into lab drone has been very positive for our ASP as a company as a whole. Now these two factors are one gold which has of course gone up on a year-on-year basis and the The other is diamond value. Um particularly in lap ro. What that means for us is that the value of diamonds utilized per piece of jewelry has also gone up driven by the fact that we use a much higher number of carats in lab zone jewelry than we do in natural diamond jewelry. Um and it's this consistent movement towards more caritage per piece of jewelry in in terms of diamonds as well as the baseline effect of gold and gold prices together that helps drive our ASP. Um so this is this is the main reason.
    58	
    59	Get that. Uh and sir uh like uh how are you seeing the trend of uh like both wholesale and retail prices of lab dry and like uh your key markets.
    60	
    61	Sure. Um so you know as mentioned mentioned even in our FY26 calls we are we have been consistently saying that lap room diamond prices have reached a base. Um in fact in this quarter we have even seen prices move upwards for certain sizes especially the smaller sizes of lap drone diamonds. This is driven by of course labor incases as well as the pricing of rough but um it continues to um come back to the point point that we see wholesale prices hitting a base and we don't see large scope for erosion of prices from where they currently stand. Um in that sense we believe it's a great time to invest in inventory to sell both B2B as well as in B2C market in India. Um on retail I'm sorry uh Mr. Mukharji but we won't be able to um provide great clarity there as um we don't control or really we um review the detailed prices of our customers. Um however, at least on the wholesale side, we can share that there is very um strong there's a strong base established and prices have been fairly consistent if not even increasing on some of the smaller sizes.
    62	
    63	Uh get that. Thanks for that uh perspective. Uh I'm sure like I was reading that uh there is some medium long but like uh I read one article which said that there's some increased competition from like Chinese uh CVD manufactured uh labroom diamonds uh and there's more increased acceptance of like at least in the smaller carriage. So are you seeing any any impact of that uh like some perspective?
    64	
    65	Sure. Sure. Mr. Mukhar G. So um it's a great point of clarification also. at Goldium as we don't do cutting or manufacturing of diamonds or at least not on scale other than our our own grown production from eco-friendly diamonds LLP. Um any of such articles that talk about the prevalence of Chinese CBD diamonds or Chinese HPH diamonds or local grown um enhancement of capacity of CBD etc. um in fact don't really impact us because that forms the supply side to um to Goldium and our Gold's activities as a largely pure jewelry manufacturer and distributor. Um any increase or change in quantum of diamond supply available will of course any large change will only serve to in the long-term benefit Kodium um and add to our supply chain strength by enhancing the number of vendors that we work with. Um again to clarify, we don't do any loose diamond sales, no loose diamond trading and other than our homegrown rough grown through eco-friendly, no loose diamond manufacturing either. Um everything is purchased as per jewelry demands and jewelry requirements when orders are pre-sold to customers. Um so I I hope that explains where we stand with um you know articles regarding diamond and supply.
    66	
    67	Uh good. But just a small followup uh uh the increased supply does it not uh put any pressure on the like wholesale pricing of jewelry as well or like uh we are insulated from that. Um sure. So on the again this is on loose diamonds not on finished jewelry. On loose diamonds wholesale prices have been fairly consistent. Any increase in supply um is which is coming in with demand growth itself. Um prices again on the wholesale side are very very nominal compared to the cost of production itself. So there has to be a sea change in technology to further drive costs down from where they are today. Um again we are not in a position to comment if that is happening, who is working on it, where that's happening. To the best of our knowledge given the current methods of production um prices on the wholesale side are fairly um at a strong base um with with without major scope for erosion from here.
    68	
    69	Get that. And so my last question is on the final demand side over a two to three year period uh can you share your perspective on how do you see the on the demand side uh um what are the trends here?
    70	
    71	Sure absolutely. So let's um just dividing that question into B2B and B2C uh Um I think the B2B business is is firming up even better than um we had expected. Our ability to increase non US customers to deepen presence with US customers both are resulting in fruit um that is visible to our shareholders. Um we believe again um there is scope for further penetration and depth within our B2B business as well as product expansion and new customer addition. So across the board I think you know there is scope for Goldium to drive jewelry um sales on the B2B side upwards. We exited FY26 about at a,000 cr revenue which was a record year for for us over the medium term of 3 to four years. We hope to strongly increase on that base and um deliver um you know have a larger company and presence um especially amongst our US customers and um management is working on this trajectory primarily along with deepening a new presence with global um global wholesalers and retailers. Also on the B2C side, Origam is um shaping up well with further depth available even with our existing stores. The coming of full stack jeweler having um a lot more presence on sales per month and deepening that position that we have um and As previously mentioned by the prior participant um given the competition in the industry as it um consolidates over the longer 2 to three year period we believe we would be in a great position to reach close to that 100 store figure that we are aiming and targeting towards with a much stronger sales per per month um per store metric that um um that that again we are we have targeted internally. Um overall we believe the organization has significant runway for growth. Um of course faster growth in B2C but also as shown in Q1 um very healthy and steady growth uh left to do in B2B as well. We hope to continue on this path um and over the next two to three years drive a um business which which which is truly amongst the largest jewelry exporters from the country. Um I think this is a good time to also open the um floor to our chairman and um request if any further comments.
    72	
    73	Hello.
    74	
    75	Yes sir.
    76	
    77	Yes. Just requesting our chairman to add if any further comments on the longerterm growth trajectory.
    78	
    79	Longerterm growth trajectory. I believe that we are uh in a great position to improve our businesses both in to C and B2B and I think Anul has uh clarified in depth regarding both both of them. So I think we can proceed.
    80	
    81	Uh just a a small uh followup uh like will it be possible to share like what uh share of our D2B export business is to US and what is non US?
    82	
    83	Um sure of course. Uh as on FI 26 um on over 90% 90 to 95% I'll be able to provide the exact number on email but in that range that was our US share versus non US coming from the balance um certainly FI27 will have some um some positive movement towards non US on a smaller scale as mentioned by our chan um however we will uh we would be happy to share those detailed and exact numbers on email Um thanks I'll follow that up. Okay that's all for my
    84	
    85	thank you.
    86	
    87	Thank you sir. The next question is on the line of Bat Ganani from Money Control Research. Please proceed with your question.
    88	
    89	Uh yes sir. Uh congratulations for a great set of numbers in quarter 1. Uh so two questions from my side. Uh one is uh just wanted to check uh that uh you know we have been reading that uh the LGD segment has been gaining lot of traction in the US market and hopefully it catches traction in Indian market as well. But come on the US side uh just wanted to check uh what would be the share of uh LGD uh in the overall jewelry space and what is the industry growth uh that the LGD is witnessing in the US market. That is my first question.
    90	
    91	Sure. Thank you Mr. Bat. Um we don't have industry reports but um from last um speaking to consultants within the industry especially on the major retailer side with whom we work at Goldium we believe LGD share is between the 40 to 60% range um depending on type of retailer retailer segment etc within the major jewelry majors and the larger corporate customer space that we can address.
    92	
    93	Okay. And what is the growth rate that the uh LGD industry is seeing on a on your business. I'm talking on the industry front uh not our uh because we are increasing market share. Yeah.
    94	
    95	Yes. Yes. So in the finished jewelry segment um labroom diamond jewelry in the US is looking at healthy double digit growth. Um of course um we believe that this growth will continue for the medium-term ahead, medium to longer term ahead as most large corporate US retailers transition to a majority and predominant um lab grown uh diamond showcase um over the over the coming few years. So it's it's in healthy double digits on a finished jewelry standard.
    96	
    97	Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh and uh secondh what would be our market share in the US market uh as far as the overall LGD jewelry is concerned?
    98	
    99	Um yes Mr. Bat still very very small. Um you know just to give an idea Our largest customer in the US um does about $6 billion of retail sales. They would have about two to 2.5 about 2 billion of 2 to 2.5 billion of um wholesale purchase value um which is our decimal segment with them. Um and we currently form about um 40 30 35 to $40 million of annual sales um to them. So less than 2% um there is scope to certainly triple if not quadruple those numbers. Um and that is just our share with the largest retail uh customer that we currently have. Um there are major retailers whom we don't currently work with who we would love to add on to our um customer profile over the coming years. Um as well as as mentioned further deeper presence with existing customers as highlighted through this example of our largest current customer. Okay. Okay. So just one clarification this LDD 40 to 60% penetration you said that would not be of the overall jewelry market that would be some particular segment that you talking of uh for the US market.
   100	
   101	Uh yes Mr. Bat that's with the major retailers corporate and major retailers effectively um those are retailers that address the um same more or less addressable price point and segment that sells to which is um uh upper middle and pre medium income jewelry not luxury or super luxury um that is um not being manufactured in India at the moment.
   102	
   103	Okay. Okay. Okay sir. Great. Thanks and all the best to you. Thank you.
   104	
   105	Thank you Mr. Bat.
   106	
   107	Thank you sir. The next question is from the line of Ankush Agarwal from Search Capital. Please proceed with your question.
   108	
   109	Yeah I'm audible.
   110	
   111	Yes sir.
   112	
   113	Yeah. Uh can you share the or loss for origin for the photo.
   114	
   115	Um hi Mr. Agraal we'll be able to get back to you on that. Um we have the segregated details but I'll have to um separate out all of them particularly in terms of the P&L there will be a approx in the just to give a ballpark figure it will be in the range between 5 to six um cr of operating loss for the water. Okay. Okay. Uh secondly, uh I think uh one of the commentary that has been consistent uh over time has been the fact that our uh share with some of the largest retailers in those US is low single digits and even for them I think the fashion LGBD segment has been growing at more than 30 40% kind of rates. Uh so just wanting to understand given uh the fact that they are growing so fast in NGD and our our shares with them is low single deep and you clearly mentioned that there be room for us to triple quad or triple that number then uh that will sort of mean that there's a fairly large and strong growth runway for the B2 over the coming years but uh otherwise the commenting for the B2B has been good but it it isn't as strong as what the other some of the qualitative comments that you thought of this state so just trying to understand is the other part of B2B some part of B2B business not growing like maybe the wholesaler part or smaller retailer part or what is it exactly
   116	
   117	Um sure sure Ankush so uh yes I think you know we are also a guidel first manufacturer at Golium. So engagement rings wedding bands form the significant majority of what we sell to the US. Again this is structural and basis on choice in order to drive a higher ASP and subsequently a a better margin profile than our competition. Fashion jewelry is most often at a it is fracturally at a much lower average selling price and price point um and also has a much shorter life cycle in terms of um being in stores selling and reorders coming in in subsequent years. Um as a result the you know the management decision has always been to focus on bridal jewelry particularly as you've rightly seen platon diamond jewelry is growing well in the fashion segment now that it is already a large part of bridal. Um I think in fashion also there is significant movement in porting of um the choice of diamond that retailers and subsequently US customers are buying from natural to lap and as that happens our decision is to play it through the through the category of tennis bracelets, tennis necklaces and um higher total weight or higher value fashion. This does two things for us at Goldium. One Um it of course utilizes a bench strength of higher quality um curry girls and um um setters, polishers, filers etc. which are generally catered towards bridal jewelry to refocus their energies not refocus but also add on categories which require higher quality finishing. Um and secondly it is to maintain if not even further grow our ASP because uh high value tennis brace Such tennis necklaces will only further help to in maintain and grow ISP thereby also protecting factory operating margins and manufacturing manufacturing margins. So that's how we look at it. We will be um um investing as I mentioned at the start of the call also we've seen great pickup of this category from particular wholesalers. It's not yet um you know we've done a couple of introductory meetings with our retail customers but it's not really um present or there. um in in large value or numbers. We hope over Q2 certainly over Q3 that we will be able to introduce this category, test it and do a testing cycle of that you know one year or so and further become a dominant presence in this category outside of gradual jewelry as well. I think it will give us great legs to further grow and maintain the sort of B2B growth we have been seeing in the past.
   118	
   119	Correct. So I uh one of the comments few quarters back was that bridal is about 85% for us in the US and 15% is fashion. So as that number move the fashion part from 15% and like over the medium term can this number sort of increase significantly or it would be like a gradual scale up for fashion in terms of readiness for us.
   120	
   121	Uh it it will always so the model that we have um within our industry we have to do a testing cycle invest in inventory which is on consignment with US retailers they test it, see the percentage of returns that come in, see if there's a percentage of product breakage and really have that longer testing cycle of about a year. Um, that is always even the reason for our higher inventory and having investments in inventory at Bolium which is as we declare in every quarter kept with end retail customers in the US um it's always new product that is on test. So that cycle takes a year um as a result of which there will always be a gradual increase of movement um if we strategically choose to add on inventory in a certain segment like high value fashion. So I would like to add on here Mr. Ankush uh to whatever has explained to you that for the wholesalers already high value fashion has been introduced and that will grow very strongly in America and retailers again it's an investment into their consignment dollars that's one thing and second something I also want to make it a point you know the growth of gold uh last year if you see this quarter it was 235 crores that was the time Mr. Donald Trump the president introduced duties and tariffs uh at that time so the company endeavored into you know taking all the sales that was supposed to happen in the next quarter and tried to ship it earlier to help save tariffs last year so when you compare right that even on a something that we did last year to 235 and we still grew on that number by 50%. Is truly an achievement uh on the type of business that Goldium did in ter with wholesalers as well as retailers in fashion as well as bridal.
   122	
   123	Yeah, not complaining about the growth. The growth has been very healthy. I think uh one of the commentary for the most part has been that B2B is like a 20 25% sort of growth uh trajectory business. Uh but given the execution that we have seen, the opportunity size that we have seen and you know how the LBD part is growing, uh the thought was that why not the growth should be faster is what I was trying to understand but I get your point so that thank you
   124	
   125	yeah so we we don't want to put any forwardlooking numbers straight away but we are positive for the growth of goldm into these segments very strongly got it got thank
   126	
   127	thank you sir
   128	
   129	the next question is from the line of Kumar Sor from scientific investing please proceed with your question
   130	
   131	uh hi thanks for for a great set of result continuing and surprising us. My question is first on the B2B side uh the new segment which we are trying in the fashion jewelry side are we going to penetrate the same end clients uh with this new segment or we will have to find a new set of clients to scale this business.
   132	
   133	Hi Mr. Sor. Uh yes so we have already new wholesale clients that are in fact unique to this ment for us on the retail side which is by far a much larger opportunity. It will be the same existing set of clients. However, of course, there fashion buyers or fashion departments etc. Um so same brand or corporate just um a different set of buyers that are in charge of fashion as opposed to bridal jewelry. Got it. Uh other question I have is I think bulk of our export B2B side is coming from US. Uh but Europe like UK, Germany they also look like big market. Uh so do we have any plans of expanding into those markets for B2B?
   134	
   135	Uh yes Mr. Sab so we do um you know we do uh want to expand into Europe. It's a more medium-term um goal we have but again strategically uh you know as management in the company what is sort of sacrificed to us is having a healthy margin profile. Not necessarily as strong as it is in Q1 this year. Of course, that is very important for the US business, but other regions it's very hard to pull out this sort of margin profile. Um, and just to explain why on a product level, um, most of Europe, other than the very high-end or very luxury jewelers, which are the France jewelry houses, um, most of Europe doesn't have a middle and upper middle and premium income, you know, segment and consump class for fine jewelry. It then drops all the way to the very very low end which ends up being silver um or um you know very little amount of diamonds studded in fine jewelry, dainty pieces of jewelry, low number of carrots, no low number of diamonds and low quantum and um value of diamonds. As a result, you know, while there is um certain amount of jewelry that is of course sold, it is hard to deliver a strong margin. and um you know growth coming from servicing these regions and this is further compounded by the fact that there are no large retailers that work continent wise. There is of course a large national retailer in Germany, large national retailer in France. Um all of them cap out at around the 150 to 200 store range making even um you know the number of pieces that you can sell limited. So both in terms of distribution dist distribution scale up and opportunity is limited and product profile is not um is not very um beneficial from the margin and production standpoint. So yes while it does help because there is a faster turn of inventory there is a lower investment cost on inventory and of course geographic distribution is something as management we should also um keep in mind and consider and with that in mind over the medium term we would love to add on um you know certain revenue coming from these geographies. The most profitable region in in terms of um a sales distribution plan will and always will continue to be the US and that's uh and also the deepest in terms of um revenue potential size of revenue and large corporate retailers that have 400 to 800 stores per uh per brand. Um so you know that's the sort of um um give or take we have to consider while looking at other regions. We are going to in this fiscal year um further see and hopefully see provided meetings go well deepening of presence in Australia which has a similar consumption pattern to um to the US. Um Canada which has again similar consumption pattern to the US and of course Israel and Middle East where we have seen good penetration through um working with some large wholesalers in these in these in in that particular region. So that's the more immediate um FY27 um sort of visibility we have for um geographic distribution without changing the inherent product too much. Great. Thanks for the detailed response and two questions on origin. Uh so first question on origam is in the market basically there are three business models. One is pure physical model and then some are going for pure digital. And some started with digital online model and they have gone for a you know omni channel kind of model where digital pushes the footfall. So from business model perspective I know these are early days but are we going to be only physical and I'm not talking about just about having a website because you know digital is a big investment workforce and all. So how is going to be our business model for origam you see the digital side being very very strong where we put some serious you know marketing budget some serious talent or are we going to be more physical? Sure, Mr. Sorab. So, um I'll just add some context. I think it's a little early for us to take that uh decision and I'll tell you why. Um from our standpoint at Orium, everything that we sell is fine jewelry which is lap diamond studied in gold. Now, this is 14 and 18k largely, but also now we've introduced some 9 kt gold. Um what's happening as a result of the gold price increasing itself for uh By speaking is that in origam the average um ASP the average sales price has gone up and after a certain level it's very hard to convert customers online. Therefore the focus of the company at the current stand will be physical largely. Uh however we do activate customers and do top of funnel marketing digitally activate them digitally walk customers through even investing in a WhatsApp AI watch which hopefully will be launched soon um activate them via WhatsApp and Instagram which are primary meta platforms and then get those leads converted in store. Um largely because our ASP is north of 70,000 at at current uh at current moment. Um again that's why I'm sharing this context is to explain why it's largely physical even though we may activate and spend money digitally to generate hot leads for our stores over time. I do believe there is definitely market that we can serve at Origam through introducing certain product categories in silver through deepening presence penetration and presence in product categories like 9K. This um these these products itself inherently due to the costing and raw material price points allow for enough inventory below 20,000 rupees which is where you really see online jewelry sale be a um significant portion. So at current moment um it's it's it's not part of the agenda. However, I'm pretty certain over the over the coming fiscal year as we introduce some of these lines in whether silver or 9K, we will slowly increase a digital spend um following the sales come through from that digital spend as well.
   136	
   137	Got it. Got it. And my last question is on Ori that you return to the question queue for followup.
   138	
   139	Sure.
   140	
   141	Thank you.
   142	
   143	Thank you, sir.
   144	
   145	Ladies and gentlemen, in order to ensure that management is able to address questions from all the participants in the conference call, please limit your question to one per participant. The next question is from the line of Vive Gotham from GS Investment. Please proceed with your question.
   146	
   147	Yeah. Am I audible? Yeah.
   148	
   149	Yes sir. Now kudos on the date number sir. Uh one query we have is the how come the margins have gross margins are lower at 30% this quarter lowest in last 10 quarter s and any new customer addition in US like Costco and Indian origin quarterly exit rate. Thank you.
   150	
   151	Uh thank you Mr. Goautam. So I uh will have to review to the best of my knowledge our gross margins are in fact higher but we will just double check on those numbers and get back to you. Um we it's it's we believe it's um significantly higher than previous quarters but let me again double check and get back on a on the console numbers. Um and then on your second question regarding um regarding new customer edition it's been primarily happening in uh we've added new customers as mentioned a couple of wholesalers in the US that focus on fashion as well as um new um retailers and wholesalers in Middle East and Israel.
   152	
   153	Also, I would like to add that Costco doesn't do lag diamonds as on as on base.
   154	
   155	Yes. So, as our chairman has mentioned, uh you know, we are interacting with the buyers and as soon as the corporate decision is taken there, we are certain to be a part of that. development. However, currently they don't have a plan to introduce lap one diamond ruling.
   156	
   157	Okay. And the quarterly sales rate of the origins.
   158	
   159	Uh so in the quarter we did about 8.1 8.2 crores in Q1 FY27.
   160	
   161	Thank you sir. The next question is on the line of Dshit Doshi from Whitstone PMS. Please proceed with your question.
   162	
   163	Uh yeah, thanks for the opportunity again. So uh my question is regarding this uh Middle East, Israel and Australia model. Uh so is it uh wholesaler and retailer both and in case of retailer uh is it uh similar to US model where we start on a consignment basis then uh one year trial phase and then it moves to the order book model.
   164	
   165	Um sure thank you. So it's It's uh it's a mix of wholesaler and retailer. Um on the retailer side again these are smaller retailers not to the same scale as US. So again it's a it's a mix. Um largely it is you know similar to India where jewelry is just purchased outright. Um there are however particularly in Australia a few large one one large retail group which requires consignment testing and then um you know has that um evolution into being styles being purchased directly and outright post it being proven successful. Um so Australia I would say is more similar to to the US especially with the largest retail group there. Middle East and Israel is um more similar to India in that sense with wholesale and retail um being purchasing product. Um
   166	
   167	okay thank you.
   168	
   169	Thank you sir. The next question is on the line of of Bharat Ganani from Money Control Research. Please proceed with your question.
   170	
   171	Yes sir. Uh thanks for the followup. Uh just wanted to check this uh what is the mix between the uh wholesaler and retailer sales currently uh for the US market and uh for retailers we we serve uh them uh and what and in the online sales online sales will be primarily to wholesalers or retailers. So that that's was just one certification he needed.
   172	
   173	So Mr. Bat So about um it varies quarter on quarter but between 85 to 90% of our US sales is um um close to 85% is um straight to retail balances to wholesalers in the US and for our which is part of this 100% of is large retailers where we are impanled and um set up as endto-end integrated operators for um some of their websites.
   174	
   175	Okay. So 85 to 90% of the sales the retailers directly, right?
   176	
   177	Yes. Yes. Two of the US cities. Yes. Okay. Okay.
   178	
   179	Okay. Uh fine, fine. Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. Thank you and all the best.
   180	
   181	Thank you. Thank you, Mr.
   182	
   183	Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Sarup Kumar from Scientific Investing. Please proceed with your question.
   184	
   185	Yeah, I have uh one more pending question. I think uh one and a half years back you had told that in a mature state uh the stores can do maybe 10 CR, 11 CR kind kind of number and I was looking at data of one of the recently listed player they have taken a lap market a group of six stores and that's looks like in fourth or fifth year it is reaching that number so my question is for us if we take our oldest set of stores which we started in the beginning maybe four five six stores what is the current monthly run rate and how do you see them shaping up
   186	
   187	sure Mr. Sorab so great question we have um um so I think most of our earlier stores that was started was was set up in Mumbai. There are a of course challenges that we see in Mumbai both with rental and general demand in terms of porting of customers to the retail environment as opposed to somebody purchasing wholesale. Um it's mixed in terms that it's it's been about a year plus um little bit over a year and the earlier stalls we have some stores that are doing very well which have crossed that 25 to 30 85 lakh um in that ballpark sales per stock per month and some that are um not at that uh metric yet. Um again in the long term I think as we develop the strategy become a full stack jeweler um add on things like of course old gold exchange advanced purchase plan schemes which um which until either this quarter or next quarter are not active um you know as we invest in these uh in in these initiatives we will see further strength ing of merch stores coming in.
   188	
   189	One of the best stores has always crosses 40 45 lakhs per month and the rest are all all going to get there in time when uh new initiatives are introduced. Hopefully in a quarter or two we'll see much better traction.
   190	
   191	Okay, got it sir. Got it. Wish you all the best. That's all I have. Thank you.
   192	
   193	Thank you.
   194	
   195	Thank you sir.
   196	
   197	Thank you sir.
   198	
   199	Ladies and gentlemen, In the interest of time, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to management for closing comments.
   200	
   201	I I want to thank all the participants for joining us today. If you have any further queries, questions or any other additional information, please feel free to contact the consulting or investor relation team. I would like to thank uh everyone for uh joining in today. Good evening to you all. Thank you. Thank you sir. On behalf on behalf of Monarch Network Capital Limited that concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.
