[page 1]
    
 
 
 
SEC/3107/2026    By E-Filing        July 31, 2026 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited       
Corporate Relations Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 532259      
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Department 
 
 
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcript of the earnings conference call on Un-audited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) for Q1FY27 (2026-27)  
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Schedule III & all other applicable Regulations, if any, of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as amended from time to time 
________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Kindy refer our letter dated July 24, 2026, under Ref. no. SEC/2407/2026, w.r.t. submission of Audio 
Recording link of the earnings conference call made on the Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone 
& Consolidated) of the Company for Q1FY27 (2026-27). 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are now submitting 
herewith the transcript of the said conference call made on July 24, 2026 on the Un-audited Financial 
Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for Q1FY27 (2026-27).  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company viz. www.apar.com. 
 
 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Sanjaya Kunder)  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office : APAR House, Corporate Park, V. N. Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, India 
+91 22 6780 0400 / 49572100 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd. Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 

[page 2]
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited 
Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call” 
July 24, 2026 
 
       
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KUSHAL DESAI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 MR. CHAITANYA DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 MR. RAMESH IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
  
MODERATOR: MR. AMBESH TIWARI – S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

[page 3]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the APAR Industries Limited Q1 FY27 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ambesh Tiwari from S -Ancial 
Technologies. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ambesh Tiwari: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q1 FY27 earnings call for APAR 
Industries. To discuss the business performance and outlook, we have from the management 
side, Mr. Kushal Desai, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Chaitanya Desai, Managing 
Director; and the CFO, Mr. Ramesh Iyer. I will now pass on to Mr. Kushal Desai for the opening 
remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai: Yes. Thank you, Ambesh. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the APAR Industries Q1 
FY27 Earnings Call. Before we start, I did want to mention that the company has issued a notice 
to its shareholders seeking the approval under applicable law for the issuance of securities. So 
under these guidelines, to comply with them, we have specifically restrictions around publicity. 
 The company will not be in a position to actually take  any questions on guidance, projections, 
forecasts pertaining to its business and financial performance or questions related to the 
proposed funding requirements. So having said that, I will focus and limit myself to giving an 
outline of our consolidated f inancial performance and thereafter, deliberate on each division -
wise performance, and then we can open up the floor to questions. 
 Coming to our financial performance, we started FY27 on a fairly strong note. Our consolidated 
revenues grew by over 29%. So  we had 29.1% versus last year. The revenue has reached 
INR6,591 crores. The domestic revenue grew by 36.8%. Export revenue grew by 12.4% and the 
export mix is at 27.5% compared to 31.6% in the previous year. 
 If we come to EBITDA, EBITDA post open period forex has grown to INR814 crores, 
representing a growth of 62.7% year-on-year. The margin came in at 12.4% compared to 9.8% 
a year ago. The steep growth in EBITDA is attributed to higher sales realization as well as unit 
profitability across all three divisions, with our oil di vision being the highest incremental 
contributor. 
 So if you look at profit after tax, profit after tax has increased by 77.7% to reach INR467 crores 
from a year ago. The PAT margin came in at 7.1%, so it's up about 200 basis points. This 
incidentally is the highest quarterly sales as well as profit number that we have achieved in the 
history of the company. 
 Otherwise, this has been a fairly challenging quarter from an external perspective, given the 
impact of the U.S. -Iran war, various logistics difficulties that have happened in the export 
markets and fairly significant manpower-related shortages in the month of May, which coincided 
with holidays as well as local elections. However, in spite of all this, the teams at APAR have 
[page 4]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
managed to deliver a very good result, demonstrating superior risk management as well as strong 
discipline in execution. 
 Coming to the conductor division. Our revenues grew by 19.9% to reach INR3,338 crores. 
Volume for the quarter was down 6.7% compared to a year ago. This can be attributed 
fundamentally to a surge in the metal prices that have impacted delivery schedules of orders 
which are in hand, where customers have withheld manufacturing cl earance, especially due to 
the sudden increase in the price of aluminum and where customers were not having hedged 
metal. So, in most of these contracts, there is a certain leeway in terms of delivery, where the 
end contract has to  be delivered, say, in 18 months or 24 months or 36 months. So, there is a 
little bit of a leeway. 
 In this case, we attribute this that in the absence of the aluminum hedge, because of the sudden 
increase in prices, there are some customers who are waiting for prices to come down and then 
hedge the metal and give manufacturing clearance. So overall, we see this as temporary because 
the orders have already been placed. And there is only a certain time line  to which a delay can 
be done as there are very stringent penalties for the overall delay in the project execution. 
 Domestic revenue is up 19.3%, while export revenues grew 22.2%. The export mix stands at 
20.5%, which is marginally higher than what it was a year ago. What is heartening to know is 
that the premium segment of the Conductors division contributed well to ov erall revenues of 
50.3% compared to 43.7% a year ago. 
 So most of these delays, which I spoke about, of manufacturing clearance has been largely for 
conventional conductors going into the domestic market against TBCB projects and other 
projects of that type, whereas the premium products continue to get executed.  And that's how 
the mix has actually increased. 
 It has also had a direct relationship with the higher EBITDA that I'm going to explain later. So 
EBITDA post foreign exchange grew 14% year -on-year to INR285 crores. EBITDA growth is 
attributable to a higher share of the premium mix due to which despite a slightly lower volume 
of conventional conductors, the absolute EBITDA has grown, which came in at INR53,418 per 
ton compared to INR43,688 per ton a year earlier. 
 This quarter, APAR has also achieved its all-time highest reconducting installations. APAR also 
has got an approval from one of the largest U.S. utilities for OPGW with 144 counts, which is a 
very critical approval for the U.S. market. The trend of products is that it has been increasing in 
terms of the fiber count given the fact that there is more and more data transfer that is taking 
place. The pending order book stands at around INR10,190 crores with an export proportion of 
56.8%. New orders received by the conductor division were INR5,245 crores in the quarter, of 
which exports contributed to 65.8%. 
 This includes large orders exceeding INR2,800 crores from two major overseas electric utility 
companies, one in the U.S. and the other one in Europe, with a delivery schedule that is spread 
over the next few years. Coming to the oil division. Revenue here grew by 34.7% year -on-year 
to reach INR1,701 crores. 
[page 5]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 Volume for the quarter stands at 129,085 kL, down 13.7% compared to a year ago and down -- 
yes, the volumes were affected really because of our facility in the UAE, which because of this 
crisis and the resulting closure of the Hamriyah port was restricted to only making local 
deliveries of the product that it had in inventory. 
 The India volume is down only by 4.4%. And this is quite creditable given the fact that in the 
very first month, which was in the month of April, the brunt of the initial impact of the war and 
the movement of vessels took place during that time frame. 
 Domestic transformer oil volumes reduced by 6.2%. Global transformer volumes were down by 
about 8%. However, auto oil volumes grew by 6.6% and our industrial lubricant volumes grew 
by 12.1%. So  the company managed to navigate this volatile environment quite adroitly by 
executing all the pending orders that were there at the start of the year and then maximizing the 
realizable value of the inventory, which we had on hand. 
 So, with the price of crude oil and gas oil having risen very sharply at the beginning of the 
quarter and then falling quite sharply at the end of the period, the company has followed the 
requirements of accounting standards and has provided for approximately INR94 crores for the 
oil division in the quarter. 
 However, post taking this provision into account, the EBITDA margins came in at a substantially 
higher level of INR25,482 per kL compared to INR7,004 per kL a year ago. The overall EBITDA 
has grown by 214% to reach INR329 crores. And this is about 290% more than what it was in 
the sequential quarter. 
 Coming to the cable division. Cable revenues grew 29.5% to reach INR1,838 crores. Domestic 
revenue grew 59.9%. Export revenue is down by 13.7%. Export mix stands at 27.6%, with the 
U.S. revenue actually growing 2.5% year-on-year. The new order inflow has started increasing 
from the U.S. Today, APAR is approved in the U.S. for cables being supplied to data centers of 
Meta, Microsoft and Google by various major electrical contractors. 
 The U.S. market is actually 66% copper and 33% aluminum . With these approvals, APAR has 
started receiving orders and participating in RFQs, which are for copper cables that cover both 
low voltage as well as medium voltage segments and are of the PVC variety, XLPE variety as 
well as rubber. 
 Thus far, cable exports to the U.S. have been mostly aluminum cables. The pending order today 
stands at INR1,925 crores. So it largely covers the plan or the requirement for the current -- for 
the coming quarter compared to INR1,653 crores from a year ago. EBITDA post open ForEx 
came in at INR194 crores, which is up 36.7%. 
 The EBITDA margin has come in at 10.6% in Q1, which is up by 60 basis points over a year 
ago. So, in conclusion, the company has produced a good result with demonstrating strong 
execution capabilities with all three divisions increasing profitability year -on-year, making this 
the all-time high quarterly sales and profit of any quarter in APAR's history. 
[page 6]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 With this, I would like to end my comments and now open the floor to questions and answers. I 
would like to remind that the company will not be able to take questions on guidance, 
projections, forecasts pertaining to the business or any questions related to the proposed funding 
requirements as per the regulations. I'd also like to thank all of you for attending this call. And 
with that, we are open for questions, please. Thank you.  
Moderator: We have a first question from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. 
Amit Anwani: Congratulations for a very strong set of numbers. So, first question on the oil business, I 
understand you cannot guide, but how one should think why there was like the INR25,000 per 
kL? You have given some explanation in the press. But just wanted to understand, shall we 
consider that business will be as usual in the remaining period? And why this INR25,000 per 
kL, which came this quarter? 
Ramesh Iyer: So Amit, as we have already mentioned earlier, in the case of oil, we typically carry inventory 
in the system, which has historical cost. And in terms of rising gasoline price, the IC gas price 
when it rises, you are able to get a premium pricing in the market. So with the historical cost 
based on which you have procured and the current price, which is on a higher side, the margins 
looks disproportionately higher, which is the reason -- due to which we have got the high margin 
in this particular quarter. 
 And that's the reason -- that's what explains why the margin is so high. And as you can see that 
the current situation is volatile in terms of how the crude oil price, how the gas oil price moves. 
So that's -- we'll have those volatility as long as this price keeps on fluctuating in times to come. 
 On your second question, whether we'll get the similar margin in the future or not, that's 
something, as we explained, we won't be able to answer that at this stage. At the same time, as 
we have already mentioned that depending on the prices of the product s, in line with the 
requirements of accounting standards, we have made provisions to the extent it is necessary as 
on 30th of June. 
Amit Anwani: Right. Sir, second question on the premium products where we saw a very strong contribution 
there. And you explained two things. One, the premium product was good. And second, there 
was a higher contribution of reconducting. So on premium product, just wan ted to understand 
what exactly is contributing to the volume drives as you did highlight, probably if you could 
highlight the key products where the growth is happening. 
 And second, we saw the export probably, especially in the U.S., the numbers are not highly 
encouraging this quarter. So any color on that would help. The premium products, what is -- 
which products are driving the growth in domestic market? And when are we  really expecting 
the bounce back in the U.S. for this business? 
Kushal Desai: So let me answer both the questions one by one. So first, when we're talking about the premium 
product, the entire category has grown in the quarter. So whether it's the HTLS, as we mentioned, 
that it's been the highest quarter in which we've done the physical installation that has happened. 
There's also been growth across the copper range of products, which is your copper tran sposed 
conductors. There's been supply that's gone to the railways, busbars. 
[page 7]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
 The whole range has actually gone up. Why you see a higher EBITDA per ton, as was explained 
earlier, is that the orders on hand for which the manufacturing clearance got postponed were 
none of these premium product ranges, but it was mostly the conventional conductors, either 
AL-59 or oth er conventional types, which customers have pushed out taking delivery of the 
product. 
 So that's why you see a drop in the volume, even though you actually have  the order on hand. 
But the profitability was high because of basically the HTLS reconductoring as well as these 
products. 
 On the U.S. front, if you recall in the last earnings call that we had, which was not very long 
ago, basically, there was a quarter when the Section 232 was initially -- put all these grades -- or 
classifications came under 232. Because of which, for one quarter, there was very little ordering. 
There was a lot of confusion in the market, even with the local players in terms of what the 
pricing would be like, etcetera, etcetera, what the legislation was like. 
 So we are kind of facing the corollary of that period where there were no orders, which have 
spilled into this period. And keep in mind that most of the U.S. deliveries are on a DDP basis. 
So as a consequence, even if the product is manufactured, unless and until it reaches the client 
side, the revenue cannot be recognized. 
 So there is a bit of a lag in terms of the recognition of U.S. revenues. The quarter has otherwise 
seen good business in the U.S. because we've completed receiving approvals, as I mentioned, on 
the cable side from the three -- from three companies, which are  very large in terms of data 
center expenditures. 
 In addition to that, two major utilities, one in Europe and one in the U.S., have finalized in this 
current quarter, big rate contract. So  I think the lower shipments, which have been there is 
primarily attributed to just the timing. The rest of it is the order books, which are representative 
of whatever we've got in this quarter itself, are showing that the export deliveries will take place 
as these orders get executed. 
Amit Anwani: Right. Sir, lastly, on the cables, you did highlighted about participating in the RFQs for the 
copper. And I think you highlighted about 66% and 33% copper and aluminum  portion there. 
So just a clarification. Currently, we are doing aluminum and now we will be participating in 
RFQs for copper. Is it the understanding? 
Kushal Desai: Yes. So I mean, it's not that we did not have the range of products, but the market access is 
important. And with these approvals coming in place, they not only form why are they so 
important? They're important not only because these major infrastructure b uilders on the data 
center side can now -- meaning contractors who are servicing their data centers can procure from 
us, but it also forms a reference for other data center, meaning for other electrical contractors. 
So once you have approvals of these three, then market access automatically improves. 
 So, so far, whatever business you saw at APAR, it was largely just aluminum. Going forward, 
we will be able to participate now in aluminum and copper because of these approvals which 
have come in, in this quarter. 
[page 8]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Amit Anwani: Right. Sir, what explains the margin increase? Because I can see domestic has grown by 60% 
for cables and also the margins have gone up by 60 bps. So is it... 
Kushal Desai: It is the domestic market, which is there. We've been continuing to supply to defense, railways, 
Indian Railways bought quite a lot of product in the last quarter. Defense bought some products 
in the last quarter. So it's just a good product mix that has been sold in the domestic market. 
Ramesh Iyer: And it's also, Amit, in line with the guidance that we give, about 10% to 11%, it's hovering 
around that particular number. 
Amit Anwani: Correct. Sir, lastly, and I'll close that, U.S. sales, if you could share for cables and conductors 
this quarter? 
Ramesh Iyer: We don't give specific sales for that geography, Amit. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura. 
Umesh Raut: Yes. Sir, my first question is on the conductor side. So  if I look at our existing order backlog, 
that is now touching closer to INR10,000 crores. And out of that, I think there are two large 
orders contributing about INR3,000 crores, which are executable over the course of next 4 years. 
 So first, I want to have a color about remaining backlog, how much of that is executable during 
the course of next couple of years? If you can guide in terms of execution time line for remaining 
order backlog. And in terms of geographical mix as well, out of INR10,000 crores, how much 
of is being contributed by the U.S. or Europe? 
Ramesh Iyer: Yes. So barring those two orders, we'll have a large part of it being executable in about close to 
the year or so. There may be a few orders that may spill over the next year. And what was your 
second question? 
Umesh Raut: In general overall backlog mix in between, say, India, U.S., Europe, Africa and then rest of Asia. 
Kushal Desai: Even, geography mix. Most of it is domestic... 
Ramesh Iyer: The export mix, are you asking? 
Umesh Raut: Total backlog mix. Yes, even -- I mean, within the exports, export contributed about, I think, 
66% now. I think if you can give mix between exports or... 
Ramesh Iyer: It's actually -- exports are spread across the different continents between U.S., Africa, Asia, Latin 
America. It's actually spread out. 
Umesh Raut: So I'm asking how much being contributed by Europe and North America within the total 
backlog? 
Kushal Desai: The bulk of the product is coming from the America, North America, Latin America and Europe. 
And it's the backlog. So out of that INR10,190 crores, export is about -- as I mentioned in the 
[page 9]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
earlier statement, it's about 56.8%. That's coming from the America and Europe -- I mean, North 
and South America and Europe. The rest of it is all domestic. 
Umesh Raut: Understood. Understood. Second question is basically about these two large orders that you have 
received in the conductor business. So  is it fair to assume that this is just a start that you are 
seeing good opportunities on the utility side in overseas market and probably now, approvals are 
also there for you? So in future, we can expect a recurrence of similar kind of orders? And 
second, to kind of fulfill these requirements, if there is any plan to kind of set up manufacturing 
presence beyond APAR. 
Kushal Desai: Unfortunately, you're putting -- you're going into a territory where that Lakshman Rekha is 
drawn. I would urge you to look at all the commentary that has come in, in previous earnings 
calls. And from that, you will be able to figure out where exactly the company stands. So these 
are, of course, two very large utilities. 
 They are amongst the largest utilities in their geographies. And so very prestigious to have 
actually got this business. It's multiyear business because many of these utilities work on a plan 
that runs across a few years. And for one line, they usually would take a single vendor to supply. 
That's the best answer I can give. 
Umesh Raut: Okay. Okay. Understood. Just if you can give me color about the breakup in between, say, 
conventional products and premium products in these two orders? Is it more towards premium 
or it is traditional... 
Kushal Desai: Overseas markets are largely taking -- overseas markets still largely take varieties of 
conventional ACSR or AAAC. There is some small quantities which are there of some of the 
premium ACCC and OPGW, etcetera, also embedded in this. So it's a combination of it, but 
largely conventional. 
Moderator: We have a next question from the line of Vidit Trivedi from Asian Markets Securities. 
Vidit Trivedi: Congratulations on great set of numbers. Sir, last quarter, you indicated that material ordering 
from the large HVDC projects would gradually flow through FY27. So, could you please help 
us understand what proportion of the current order book is now related to HVDC and premium 
products? And would it be possible for you to tell us when can we start all these orders to 
contributing meaningfully to the volumes and margins? 
Chaitanya Desai: So, in the last quarter, we did receive a very small part, which was pertaining to HVDC. We are 
-- we've already mentioned in the past, as you correctly mentioned, that other orders will be 
flowing in. So there -- I had mentioned in the last quarter that as -- that high-voltage products 
are actually -- not only in India building infrastructure for this, but also in the overseas markets, 
there's more and more high voltage that's going in. 
 So in this quarter, part of the large order that we've got from a U.S. utility involves actually a 
high-voltage transmission line. Much of India's ordering is still to come. So just as Chaitanya 
mentioned, some of it has started now, but this is like a multiyear sort of transmission lines that 
are going to come in, not only transmission, the entire HVDC system. So they have just recently 
[page 10]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
been awarded. So most -- a little bit of the ordering has come in this quarter, but most of that 
ordering is still to come. 
Vidit Trivedi: Got it, sir. Sir, conductor volumes, as you've mentioned, they were -- they took a hit during this 
quarter. So just wanted to check, have orders, inquiries and booking activity normalized after 
the recent moderation in copper and aluminum prices? 
Kushal Desai: Yes. 
Vidit Trivedi: Sir, what's the capacity utilization across all the three divisions? 
Ramesh Iyer: It ranges for different products, and it ranges anywhere between 80% to 90% for different 
product categories across the division. 
Chaitanya Desai: And as you know, we are doing a fair amount of capex. So we are building our capacity for the 
growth. 
Kushal Desai: Yes. So you see, in the last couple of earnings calls, a lot of details have been provided on the 
capex, etcetera. So the current capacities, as Ramesh has mentioned, are running very high as a 
high percentage, and that will get debottlenecked through these capex investments that are taking 
place. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Ganeshram from Unifi Capital. 
Ganeshram: The first question I wanted to ask was just when I look at the conductor segment, on the order 
book, you have about 57% in exports, largely in the conventionals. And this quarter, we've had 
a good domestic premium mix. My reading is that typically, the exp ort in conventionals comes 
at a lower realization EBITDA per ton. Would that understanding be correct? 
Ramesh Iyer: Actually, it will depend on different product specifications. It may not be true to generalize that 
export comes at a lower margin because each product has its own specifications requirement and 
the margins for each product are different. 
Ganeshram: Got it. But as you have it on your order book now, would it be lower than what you've seen this 
quarter? Or how is it? 
Kushal Desai: No, no. So if you take the pecking order, which we've spoken about even in the past, you 
typically have HTLS, which is the highest. Then you've got, fundamentally, in the domestic 
market, you have conventional products, which are -- in the domestic market, conventio nal 
products are at much lower relative margin compared to the same products being sent overseas.  
 The fundamental difference is the quality standards that are required as well as the acceptance 
criteria that is there for it. So  our strategy has been -- which we've spoken about very much in 
the past, that we focus on premium products in the domestic market and the standard product 
range, we would rather focus on the export markets. So this is pretty much what has happened 
in this quarter. It is exactly in line with that. Otherwise, you're comparing basically apples and 
oranges. 
[page 11]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Ganeshram: Exactly. Sorry, go ahead. That's exactly why I was asking that question, right? Because this 
quarter, the exports from what you're saying, I mean, there was obviously a decline. I mean, in 
the volume terms, I think you -- there are some orders being held back. So domestically, we've 
sold more of the premium variant, right? So the export mix this quarter is 22%. But in your order 
book, it's 57%. So  as you start executing the conventional exports, they might be at a lesser 
realization than the premium in domestic. 
Kushal Desai: Yes. 
Ganeshram: Although higher than the -- yes, that's the clarification I wanted basically. 
Kushal Desai: So let me just clarify. What has happened in this quarter is that where the orders are in place, 
but the manufacturing clearance has been delayed is largely in the domestic market. 
Chaitanya Desai: Also, I'd like to clarify the order book also has these two orders, which are over a few years. So 
the premium business will come, but with a shorter cycle compared to these two export orders, 
which are over a few years. So it is possible that the ratio be tween the premium and the 
conventional will be similar, except that the order book position will vary depending on, time to 
time, what sort of orders we receive. 
Ganeshram: Got it. Got it. Got it. That's very clear. And in volume terms, we've degrown 7%. If you could 
just break that up by exports and domestic for the quarter, what was the growth -- degrowth in 
each -- per conductor? 
Kushal Desai: I had given that data earlier. If you see the domestic revenue is up 19.3% in the conductor 
division. Domestic revenue grew by 19.3%. Export revenues grew by 22.2%. So the export mix 
came in at 20.5%, and the domestic sales was at 79.5%. What is different is that the premium 
products in the conductor division contributed to 50.3% in this quarter compared to 43.7% from 
a year ago. 
Ganeshram: Yes. I think the reason I'm asking that question, just as a follow-up, is because at the realization 
level, you're right, I have the number. But because I don't know the realization for domestic and 
export separately, I'm not able to understand the volume. 
Kushal Desai: I think you're getting confused that -- when we said that the volumes for the quarter were down 
by 6.7%, it's largely because of what happened in the domestic market. 
Ganeshram: Okay. Exports have grown. 
Kushal Desai: Not in the overseas market. In the overseas market, actually, it's -- the revenues came -- grew by 
22.2%. 
Ganeshram: Okay. And just the last question on working capital. If you could just tell us where the position 
is compared to last year. 
Ramesh Iyer: Working capital is in the range of 45 to 50 days. That has been fairly constant over the period.  
 
[page 12]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Kushal Desai:                         In fact, in this quarter, we have actually improved our working capital number of days, debtors 
and inventory in the conductor division compared to what it was previously. And I think part of 
the execution discipline, which has shown in the results of this quarter is that in spite of the price 
of the commodities having shot up so much, the number of days that are involved in terms of -- 
outstanding have still been maintained at the same level, pretty much, both in terms of debtors 
as well as in terms of inventory. So the working capital management has been handled relatively 
very well in this quarter in spite of all these disruptions. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Anany Ranjan from PhillipCapital. 
Anany Ranjan: Congratulations on a good set of numbers for the last quarter. My question is, could you clarify 
the EBITDA per metric ton for the premium product mix as compared to the standard product 
mix in the conductor division? 
Ramesh Iyer: We don't actually give this breakup, Anand. So  we just give a blended number based on the 
actual number. So we don't give the breakup of this EBITDA margins. 
Kushal Desai: So this year's number is INR53,148 per ton and last year was, at the same time, was INR43,688. 
So almost INR10,000 higher than last year. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Natasha Jain from PhillipCapital. 
Natasha Jain: Congratulations on a great set of numbers. A few questions. One, could you call out the volume 
growth in cables, both on the domestic and export front? 
Kushal Desai: So in cables, I can give you the revenue growth because we produce such a huge variety of 
cables that the physical volume number makes -- has no relevance. So the revenue has grown by 
29.5%. Of that, the domestic revenue has grown by almost 60%, whereas the export revenue is 
down by 13.7% compared to a year ago. And the export mix is at 27.6%, with the U.S. revenues 
having grown by around 2.5% quarter-on-quarter -- I mean, from a year ago. 
Natasha Jain: Got it. And sir, you mentioned that you've done -- until now you've done majority aluminum 
cables and now, you shift to copper. So is there a difference -- a stark difference in terms of 
margin there? 
Kushal Desai: No. So it's not that we will switch to copper. The -- previously, the -- see, there are two 
fundamental segments in terms of copper cables that go into the U.S. One of them are low -
voltage cables that go into just day-to-day products. Like in India, for example, you've got house 
wires, you have wires that -- for residential complexes and things like that, where the pricing 
and the competition levels are very high. The other range of copper products fundamentally goes 
into the data centers and for medium voltage. So to utilities as well as data centers, those sort of 
things where you carry a higher amount of power. 
 So erstwhile, we were in a position to compete in the aluminum cable side, but we did not have 
access to the market on the medium voltage and some of these requirements which were coming 
in from data centers, etcetera, etcetera. Now having got these approvals by -- in this quarter, we 
[page 13]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
actually ended up completing the approval process for all the three, which is Meta, Microsoft 
and Google. We are now in a position to be able to start filling in these RFQs. 
 In this quarter, we've already filled in a whole lot of RFQs for which -- as in this quarter, I mean 
April to June. And our business in this area is going to start increasing. A few orders in this 
quarter have already come in from this segment. So the alum inum business will still continue. 
The copper business will actually be  something which we were not able to do earlier, which 
based on the approvals which have come in, in the April, June quarter, we can now start 
participating. 
Natasha Jain: Got it. And sir, between our entire cable split into LV, MV, HV, is -- can you give that split, if 
possible, what do we cater to maximum here? 
Kushal Desai: So in our cable side, the elastomeric cable is -- has a small component, which is medium voltage, 
which is the cables that go into the windmills. Everything else is actually low  voltage because 
it's going into the railways, defense, solar, DC solar, all that sort of stuff. It's the power cable 
side where this sort of a breakup actually makes sense. 
 And there, APAR is largely in the medium voltage, 11 kV and 33 kV. These are the two 
categories that we are largely involved in the power cable side. The specialty cables are all 
basically all in the low -voltage category only, but they have special polymer s or special 
construction, etcetera. 
Natasha Jain: Got it. Sir, just two more quick questions. One, if you could throw some color as to how your 
wires portfolio is doing. And I understand you cannot give guidance, but I'm asking more from 
an industry point of view. So metal prices have been extremely volatile. 
 When copper just rose sharply, we heard from the trade that there has been severe downtrading 
that happened to cheaper brands. Now the reverse has also happened because aluminum  fell so 
sharply, so people just postponed or they fear about inventory devaluation. So how do we look 
at this at least from a near-term point of view where extreme volatility is there in metal? 
Kushal Desai: So I would say that as far as APAR is concerned, we are still a very new player in this area. 
Specifically, if you take, in this quarter, sales for wires grew 46%, and our focus has been on 
increasing distributor and retailer presence. 
 So we've -- the number of active towns that our presence is in has increased 17%. Our distributor 
addition has been 25% in the quarter compared to a year ago. And the retail account presence 
has increased by 51%, which has resulted in an overall increase in sales by 46% in the B2C 
retail. 
 We also have a B2B channel business, where the channel business for us has grown 92% year -
on-year. There, the distributor presence has increased by 60% and the number of active towns 
that we are selling our LDC cables and other cables through the distribution setup has increased 
by 73%. So overall, the channel business has actually been a very large component of the 
domestic increase that has happened. 
[page 14]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Natasha Jain: Understood. And sir, on the volatility side of it? 
Kushal Desai: So volatility is something that it has affected everybody. As Chaitanya had mentioned that in 
the quarter, you had copper price go up, you had aluminum price go up. Even in the case of oil, 
some of the lower volumes, part of the lower volumes are attributed that in the first month, there 
was a huge disruption in the supply chain itself. But subsequently, as the product started coming 
in with the supply c hain improving, many customers have just postponed their purchase and 
they're running down their inventories. 
 I don't think fundamental demand has changed very much in the quarter. So  if you track 
secondary sales that we have had for our wires and the secondary sales that we have had for our 
B2B channel, it's not really been affected too much. It's the stocking. Even in our lubricant side, 
we saw a destocking taking place because in the -- there was an anticipation that with the Strait 
of Hormuz opening up, you would have commodity prices all falling. But that has not entirely 
happened. So it's really secondary  sales not having got so badly affected, it's the primary sales 
that has got reduced. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Siddhartha Biyanee from GEF Capital. 
Siddhartha Biyanee So just wanted to understand a little bit more on this metal volatility that we are just discussing. 
From the time the war has actually started, the MJP premiums have really increased 
significantly. Just if you could throw us some guidance on -- not guidance specifically, just how 
the premiums have been now? And have they fallen off from the highs of the war? 
Chaitanya Desai: So one part is to do with the LME. So the LME has gone up, and that is a much bigger delta 
compared to the premium, which is the M JP. So basically, what we were saying is that when 
both these two increased because of the war, the customers who have contracts with APAR and 
they have placed orders on us, but they give manufacturing clearance after they hedge their metal 
prices. But if the metal price of LME in their case has gone up much higher compared to what 
they have budgeted, they had the flexibility to postpone their deliveries to a small extent. 
 So that phenomena happened where they postponed the deliveries. And accordingly, some of 
the conventional conductors, which we talked about in this last quarter, those manufacturing 
clearances got delayed and hence, our volume dropped. And subsequently, we  clarified that 
when the Strait of Hormuz had been temporarily sort of somewhat opened up, that time the metal 
prices had reduced. 
 And they have remained at the lower numbers since then compared to the peaks that happened 
at the beginning of the war. And since that has happened, the customers who had the little bit 
leeway to postpone, they exhausted that, and now they have started giv ing manufacturing 
clearances to kind of cope up and complete the projects on time. I hope I could clarify. 
Siddhartha Biyanee This was clarification, sir. My only other question and follow -up to this is, while obviously, 
LME can be hedged typically and that sort of mitigates the movement up and down over the 
period of time. This M JP premium, which is over and above the LME, is something which we 
understand cannot be hedged in the market, right? So is APAR exposed to the vagaries of 
movement of these MJP premiums, so to say? 
[page 15]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Chaitanya Desai: Yes, we are, and there is no way to hedge it. The only thing is we do make contracts with 
suppliers. So we kind of effectively hedge ourselves to the extent we lock in the premium with 
the suppliers through a mutually agreed contract. 
Siddhartha Biyanee Okay. And where are you seeing currently the MJP premiums today, sir? Just for my reference. 
Chaitanya Desai: So it's a public knowledge. So it has gone up quarter-to-quarter. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Vedansh Dokania from ZTO Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead. Hello Vedansh, are you there? So, the participant got disconnected.  We have a next 
question from the line of Ganeshram from Unifi Capital. 
Ganeshram: So, on specialty oils, I wanted to understand, in simple terms, basically, you had low -cost 
inventory, but you were selling at market prices, so you made a larger realization, right? So, if 
the situation reverses, right, and I'm just asking a theoretical question, not forward assumption. 
But if you're sitting on higher cost inventory, which you procured and market prices decline, 
what would happen to the EBITDA per kiloliter? 
Kushal Desai: So, the thing is -- let me clarify in terms of lower cost inventory. What happens is that APAR 
buys under two routes. You end up buying on the basis of  contracts and spot. So roughly, we 
buy about 65 -odd percent on contracts and around 35% on a spot basis. You take the overall 
purchase. 
 So, all contracts are backward looking because there is some index or there is a time frame that 
is taken into account. So, when prices are rising, those contracts are usually -- the contract price 
is lower than spot prices. When the market starts falling, then the contract prices generally are 
higher than spot prices. 
 So, in this particular case, obviously, there has been a benefit, which is what we explained, that 
in the rising price trends, anybody who buys on contract would end up benefiting more than 
anyone who buys -- relies more on spot. And when the reversal takes place, the exact reverse 
effect happens. 
 So, part of the provision that APAR has made of this INR94 crores has also been taking into 
account the accounting principles that are in place, which fundamentally -- so if you see at the 
end of the quarter, the prices had actually come quite a bit off the peak because at that time, there 
was no issue. I mean, t he current problem is a very recent problem that's happened only a few 
days ago. 
 So as a consequence, when you follow the accounting principles, you end up taking the 
provision. So we've actually played absolutely by the book. General trend, what you're saying is 
that when the prices start falling, then a reversal takes place. One of the actions that APAR has 
taken in this quarter is that we have degrown our total inventory. 
 So, it limits the problem that will happen or it reduces the problem that will happen if a reversal 
takes place. Because if you were normally working on, say, 100, today, you're working on an 
[page 16]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
inventory which is lower than 100. So  there's a little bit more -- the inventory has gone down. 
There's more just-in-time sort of supplies that are taking place. 
Ganeshram: Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. That is very clear. And another question was just on the U.S., right? 
So generally, what's the tariff that is actually being applied on conductors and cables separately? 
And why do we see cables in the U.S. is growing, however, conductors, I think you explained 
partly that they wanted to wait and watch and now that the order flow has come up. Going 
forward, do we think that both of them will converge on the growth path? Or do you see there is 
some difference in how we should view these two segments in the U.S. market? 
Kushal Desai: So, the -- first, let me answer the conductor side. So, the conductor side, there is a certain -- so 
there are public utilities there and there are what I call in dependent-owned utilities or IOUs. 
They are all governed -- they are all geographic monopolies. So, they are governed basically by 
a regulator, and the regulator determines everything. 
 So, in the U.S., the regulators ensure that a larger portion is bought from locally produced 
product. So about 70% of the U.S. market is based on local U.S. production of conductors. The 
market that APAR is a major player in is in the 30% market, which is the  import component of 
what U.S. utilities have. 
 So it's not that the conductor market is not growing. It depends on if the utilities are getting 
approvals from the regulator of only using local U.S. product, and if the local U.S. product is 
available, then they have to buy that. If the U.S. local product is not available, then there is a 
certain system by which they can get a limited quantity from an overseas supplier. 
 On the cable side, the market is not regulated in the same manner. I mean it is regulated as far 
as the utilities is concerned, but the utilities are a very small proportion -- or I wouldn't say very 
small, a smaller proportion of the total market. There's  a lot of cables that go into residential, 
industrial and now, data center applications as well. And these guys are not regulated by the way 
the conductor or the utility market is regulated. So that's the reason why you're finding the export 
of cables taking place. 
 But having said that, our conductor business also has been exporting to the U.S. That export has 
been growing. And we've just got this fairly large INR2,800 crores between two utilities is 
amongst the largest orders that we've ever got in our history. So one of them is out of the U.S., 
one of them is out of Europe. 
Ganeshram: Yes. Yes. Got it. Okay. And just a clarification on the tariffs, what is the actual tariff being paid 
on cables and conductors separately? 
Kushal Desai: So depending on the type of product and the tariff classification, it goes into all different sections 
and different tariff levels. So the lowest tariff level is the basic -- whatever the basic tariff is, 
which varies, I think, from 2.5% to 5%. 
 And then on top of that, if you are under Section 232, then it can be anywhere between 25% and 
50%. And if you are under the Section 122, it's just getting obsoleted today and is being replaced 
[page 17]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
by Section 301. So 301 for India at the moment, it appears, because we have to still see the exact 
fine print and everything, appears to be 10%. 
Ganeshram: Got it. Got it. But generally, conductors tend to carry a higher Section 232 tariff from what I've 
seen, right? 
Kushal Desai: All bare products are covered under 232 with a 50% duty. So aluminum is 50%, rods are at 50% 
and conductors are also at 50%. 
Ganeshram: And are customers willing to absorb this tariff? Or are they on wait -and-watch to see if there'll 
be more relief? I mean, going by the order you received, I'm assuming they are ready, but just 
to get -- hear your thoughts. 
Chaitanya Desai: Yes. No. As of now, the things have now more or less crystallized or stabilized there on Section 
232 with regard to aluminum and the customers are paying this 50% tariff duty because even in 
the local market, the conductor manufacturer in the U.S. has to pay 50% duty on the aluminum. 
So everything has gone up to the extent of 50%. 
Kushal Desai: There's a large amount of aluminum that is imported in the U.S. If you actually see some of the 
commentary that we've had in our previous earnings calls, copper -- U.S. is pretty self-sufficient 
in copper, whereas in the case of aluminum, the U.S. imports a large amount of aluminum . 
Canada is one of the major suppliers to the U.S. where the 232 also applied. Also, they were 
importing aluminum from many other countries, including India. So aluminum side is all at 50%, 
no matter what stage you bring it in, whether you bring it in as an ingot, you bring it as a rod or 
you bring it in as a conductor. 
Ganeshram: No, fair point. The only reason I asked that question is because the last time around, they were 
-- it seems like they were assessing the tariff on the metal portion of the finished product, which 
means it's whatever value add we do, that arbitrage is ther e to capture. But in the new tariff list 
that they released, it seems that they're capturing that 50% on the value of the entire product, not 
just the metal content. So I just wanted to clarify because of that? 
Chaitanya Desai: You're right. There was a change made in the Section 232 precisely to simplify things. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. 
Amit Anwani: Sir, just one follow-up question on the approvals from Meta, Microsoft and Google. So will we 
be servicing only the requirement in the U.S. market for them? Or will it be for any data centers 
coming in India or elsewhere in the geography? Is there any special... 
Kushal Desai: The thing is that we have been supplying everybody in India. The difference that is there -- but 
the approvals and your credentials of supply in India don't count at all in the United States 
because the quality of the wire that is being bought or the cable  that is being bought in India is 
of a very low standard. 
 And in fact, it's similar to what would be supplied in a residential complex or in some industrial 
-- to an industrial shed or whatever. Whereas the U.S. standard is a completely different standard 
[page 18]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
and it's far more complex as well as the material content is far more intensive. So it's a different 
design and everything -- there's no commonality between the two. 
 So initially, we were under the impression that, oh, we've been supplying these data centers here 
in India, and we should get automatic -- that would give us an automatic entry into a calling card 
in the U.S., but we discovered that these are totally two different sets of products, and you had 
to build your credentials from scratch in the U.S. So  today, we have approvals from all these 
three guys. 
 We have received orders from various electrical contractors that are supplying to these three 
companies, data centers . And we have now been able to start participating in RFQs that are 
coming out of building data centers for these three companies. 
Amit Anwani: Right. And does it require any approvals of -- are we -- our current factories capable to -- since 
you said it's a complex product. So will you be supplying from India? Is there any requirement 
to do any investment in the U.S.? 
Kushal Desai: We have the manufacturing capability in place. That's how all the assessments and everything 
have been done. So it entails some of these big contractors, they do not only product assessment, 
they also do manufacturing infrastructure, quality systems, all that. So all that assessment has 
been done after that, only these approvals are in place. 
Amit Anwani: Right. Any quantum, like what's the size of each order or any quantum we are expecting this 
year? 
Kushal Desai: There are so many data centers. First of all, I can't make any forward-looking statements. But in 
general, there are many, many sizes of data centers even amongst these players. And the orders 
come fundamentally from the main electric contractors. So the way it operates is that they would 
have approved brands which are there, that the Microsoft or a Meta or a Google finds acceptable. 
So the contractor can use any of those brands within that set of brands when they bid on the job. 
 So you get various sizes, meaning various quantities also because some people place the entire 
order at one time, somebody wants to place it month by month. So it's really entirely up to the 
electrical contractor of how they want to go about their ordering. Ultimately, they are just 
working towards a time line for final delivery. 
 They may also do a combination of some products from local manufacturers in the U.S. and 
some import. So it's a completely flexible game. I mean there's no single rule to it yet. I mean 
we are also relatively new. So I guess a pattern will emerge in due course of time. 
Moderator: We have our next question from the line of Arya Biju, an Individual Investor. 
Arya Biju: Sir, can you give a clarity on the inventory. Sir you mentioned you had decreased the inventory. 
So can you -- like was it for semiconductor section? 
Kushal Desai: Sorry, no. You're talking about -- I didn't follow. Can you come again? Which... 
[page 19]
  APAR Industries Limited 
  July 24, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
Arya Biju: So you mentioned about degrowing your total inventory in Q1. So can you specify which 
segment you are talking about? 
Kushal Desai: You're talking about the inventory which we are holding in our specialty oils division. 
Arya Biju: Okay. And just one more thing. You mentioned about a decline in India volumes of 4% because 
of the port closure. So can you give some more details on that? 
Kushal Desai: No, no, we said our domestic volumes in the quarter compared to a year ago have reduced by 
4.4% in the oil division. So more of it came in the first month where the supplies were a little 
bit constrained, and then got caught up in the second and third mont h of the quarter. So  when 
the quarter started, we weren't sure. We thought maybe there could be a larger shortfall. But in 
the end, it was only 4.4% for us by volume. 
 The Hamriyah plant of ours in the UAE actually had a significant reduction because the 
Hamriyah port and, in fact, pretty much most of the liquid ports there are closed. And as a 
consequence, we had to only sell what was in stock in the tanks when the war started, in short. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai: I'd like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for continuing to be -- attending our earnings 
calls. And just as concluding remarks, I was going to say that the quarter has been a reasonably 
strong quarter. All three divisions have done well and increased their profitability year-on-year. 
And this was the highest quarter in terms of revenues and margins for APAR. So thank you very 
much for attending the call. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of APAR Industries Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
