[page 1]
    
 
 
 
 
SEC/0611/2025     By E-Filing                   November 06, 2025 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department 
 
BSE Limited       
Corporate Relations Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 532259      
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship 
Department  
 
 
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcript of the analysts and investors conference call on Un-
audited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) on Q2FY26 (2025-26).  
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Schedule III & all other applicable Regulations, if any, of the 
SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), as amended from time to time 
________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Kindy refer our letter dated October 30, 2025, unde r Ref. no. SEC/3010/2025, w.r.t. 
submission of Audio Recording link of the analysts and investors conference call on the Un-
audited Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for Q2Y26 (2025-26). 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of t he Listing Regulations, we are submitting 
herewith the transcript of the conference call made  on October 30, 2025 on the Un-audited 
Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for Q2FY26 (2025-26).  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company viz. 
www.apar.com . 
 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
(Chaitanya N. Desai)  
Managing Director 
DIN : 00008091 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
APAR Industries Limited  
Corporate Office  : APAR House, Bldg. No. 4&5, Corporate Park, V. N. Pu rav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, 
Maharashtra, India  
+91 22 4957 2100/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com  
Regd. Office : 301, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Vadodara - 390007, Gujarat, India  
+91 265 6178 740 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN : L91110GJ1989PLC012802  
 
  

[page 2]
 
 Page 1 of 34 
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited Q2 & H1 FY'26  
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2025  
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT : MR. KUSHAL DESAI - CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR , APAR  INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
MR. CHAITANYA DESAI - MANAGING DIRECTOR , 
APAR  INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
MR. RAMESH IYER - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER , APAR  
INDUSTRIES LIMITED  
MODERATORS : MR. AMBESH TIWARI - S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES  

[page 3]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 34 
Moderator : Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to APAR Industries Limited 
Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen -only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ambesh Tiwari from S -Ancial 
Technologies. Thank you and over to you. 
Ambesh Tiwari:  Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. This is Ambesh from S -Ancial 
Technologies. I welcome you all to the Q2 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
for APAR Industries to discuss the business performance and outlook. 
We have from the management side, Mr. Kushal Desai  – Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Chaitanya Desai – Managing Director and CFO – 
Mr. Ramesh Iyer. 
I would now pass on to Mr. Kushal Desai for the opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Kushal Desai:  Thank you, Ambesh. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to the APAR 
Industries Q2 & H1 FY'26 Conference Earnings Call. 
I would like to start by giving a quick overview of our consolidated business 
performance and then follow that up with a short industry update. Post that, 
[page 4]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 34 
we will get into more details on the individual performance of segments 
and then finally open up the floor to questions. 
In terms of ‘Financial Performance’ for Q2 FY'26: 
The consolidated revenue came in at Rs. 5,715 crores representing a 23.1% 
increase in year -on-year with volume growth being witnessed across all 
three divisions. This is largely due to good domestic business performance 
as well as good export performance in the quarter as well. Our exports are 
up 43% year-on-year contributing to 34.7% of the company's consolidated 
revenue compared to 29.8% a year ago. EBITDA post open period forex  
increased 24% year-on-year to Rs. 499 crores with a margin of 8.7%. Profit 
after tax came in at Rs. 252 crores which is 30% higher than the previous 
period. Profit after tax margin is at 4.4% which is 20 basis points higher 
than what we had in the 2nd Quarter of FY'25. 
In terms of the first half, consolidated revenue came in at Rs. 10,820 crores. 
This is the first time that we have crossed Rs.  10,000 crores in one half. 
It's up 25% year -on-year. EBITDA post open period forex  stands at Rs.  
1,000 crores which is historically high half yearly EBITDA post open period 
forex. This is up 25.5% versus the first half of FY '25. The EBITDA margin 
stands at about 9.2%. 
In terms of key industry highlights: 
India's renewable energy sector continues to show good momentum with 
the first half of the current fiscal year witnessing a record capacity addition 
of about 25 gigawatts which is the highest ever in a 6-month period driven 
largely by the solar sector. Of the total capacity of 25 gigawatts added 
[page 5]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 34 
during April -September 2025, the solar power sector encompassing 
ground-mounted, rooftop hybrid and off-grid segments contributed around 
21.7 gigawatts and the wind contributed about 3 gigawatts according to 
the data which has been published by the Union M inistry of New and 
Renewable Energy. 
In terms of some sectoral updates: 
The Central Electricity Authority under the Ministry of Power has prepared 
a master plan proposing the development of 208 large hydro projects 
across 12 sub -basins in India's north- eastern states. The government's 
ambitious Rs. 6.4 trillion which is $77 billion transmission plan aims to 
evacuate over 76 gigawatts of hydroelectric capacity from the Brahmaputra 
basin by 2047. This initiative is designed to unlock the region's vast 
untapped hydro potential supporting India's clean e nergy transition and 
enhancing the national grid reliability. This initiative also represents India's 
largest ever investment in hydroelectric transmission infrastructure. 
In terms of the transmission line and substation addition: 
According to CEA, India's substation capacity addition saw a good 
momentum in the first half of FY '26, rising by around 74% year -on-year. 
The country added 44,645 MVA of transformation capacity which is a 
sharp increase from 25,690 MVA in the first half of FY '25. However, this 
represents only two-thirds of the planned 68,183 MVA target for the period 
indicating continued execution shortfalls compared to the plan. However, 
in contrast, the transmission line additions have actually remained 
subdued. During April-September FY'26, only 2,411 circuit kilometers of 
[page 6]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 34 
new lines were commissioned which is a 27% decline from the first half of 
FY'25 and achieving just 39% of the plan for the period. This shortfall was 
particularly acute in the 765 kV category where additions dropped to 300 
circuit kilometers, down 26% year -on-year and covering only 9% of the 
planned addition. 
In June 25, the Power Ministry announced a rollout of ultra-high voltage AC 
power transmission systems with nine 1,100 kV lines and 10 substations 
identified for development by 2034. So, overall, while substation capacity 
additions have shown an encouraging momentum, the transmission line 
expansion continues to lag behind targets. However, this is expected to 
gather pace and align more closely with the targets in the months to come. 
Now, coming to our segmental performance: 
The conductor division in the 2nd Quarter of FY'26 had a revenue growth 
of 34.9% year -on-year on the back of a product mix which had higher 
realization and a better composition plus there was a volume growth of 
16.2% in Q2 FY'25 versus the previous period. Exports grew 74.6% over 
last year's same period. Exports contributed 24.2% of the overall revenue 
compared to 18.7% a year ago. The U.S. revenue in the first half was up 
145%. Premium product mix contribution is 45.4% in Q2 FY '26 versus 
42.2% in Q2 FY' 25. The EBITDA post forex also grew 21.4% to reach a 
value of Rs.  248 crores. On the margin front, EBITDA post  open period 
FOREX stands at Rs. 39,636 per metric ton as against Rs.37,702 per metric 
ton for the same period last year. Improved premium mix and growth in 
the U.S. business has resulted in this higher EBITDA per ton. The total order 
[page 7]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 34 
book is at Rs. 7,168 crores and the new orders received during H1 were 
Rs. 5,256 crores. 
As we look at the first half revenues, that came in at Rs.5,885 crores which 
is up 39% over the first half of last year. Volume again has grown at 16.8%. 
The export mix stands at 22.3%. The EBITDA has come in at Rs. 497 crores 
which is 27% higher. The EBITDA margin is at Rs.  41,421 per metric ton 
versus Rs. 38,095 per metric ton in the last year. 
We have strengthened and opened up new markets beyond the U.S. For 
example, in Europe, we are expanding and entering a larger footprint in 
new countries for some of our premium products and also adding them in 
Latin America. We have also added a few new cu stomers in Canada. In 
spite of all this , growth in the first half, there are actually two headwinds 
which we are facing as we get into Q3 which is particularly due to the 
increase in metal prices.  If you see, aluminum  prices have increased to 
almost $2,900 per ton and copper prices have increased to more than 
$11,200 per metric ton. This is causing new ordering globally to be put on 
hold when customers and EPC players, developers etc. are playing a 
waiting game in the short term to see if prices actually correct downward. 
During this period, the ordering is significantly reduced. What we see is 
execution taking place of only those customers who had previously blocked 
the metals at older prices. This is also to some extent true in the cables 
business, especially in solar cables and some of the other cables where the 
metal content is reasonably high. 
Now coming to our oil business: 
[page 8]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 34 
Revenues from operations remain flat compared to last year, largely 
because crude prices in the first half have been lower than what they were 
in the same period previous year. Volume has grown 8.2%. Transformer 
oil volume was a bit lower at 4.6% at a global level on account of some 
execution delays in the supply chain, especially from our plant in the 
Middle East as well as in some of the export locations. However, the 
transformer oil domestic business posted a very strong revenue growth of 
13.6% versus the previous year. Automotive oil grew 3.7% whereas 
industrial lubricants grew 18.8%. Exports contributed 43.2% of the overall 
oil division revenues as compared to 44.7% a year ago. In terms of EBITDA 
per KL, this quarter it is at Rs. 5,869 versus Rs. 5,473 per KL a year ago.  
H1 revenue has also remained pretty much flat for the same reason. 
However, the domestic transformer oil business has grown 17.3% in the 
first half versus the same period previous year and the export mix in the 
first half stands at 40.1%. 
In terms of our cable division: 
The revenue in Q2 FY '26 posted a strong revenue growth of 25.1% to 
reach Rs. 1,535 crores. The US revenues in the first half have grown 121.2% 
over the last year. The export mix was 42.3% in Q2 FY '26 versus 29% in 
Q2 FY'25. The EBITDA post forex recorded a year-on-year growth of 32% 
to reach Rs. 157 crores.  EBITDA margin came in at 10.2% in the quarter 
which is up 50 basis points compared to last year. The pending order book 
stands today at Rs. 1,836 crores. 
[page 9]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 34 
The cable business for the first half posted a revenue growth of 30.2% to 
reach Rs. 2,954 crores. The export mix stands at 41.8% in H1 versus 30.9% 
a year ago. Again, the US revenues have grown 127.7% in the first half. 
The EBITDA post forex  grew 32.1% to Rs. 299 crores with an EBITDA 
margin of 10.1%. 
I would now like to move to concluding remarks and summing up the 
scenario: 
If you look at the fundamental growth drivers for the Company, we believe 
that they still continue to remain fairly intact. There is a steady inflow of 
business coming from renewable energy in India as well as around the 
globe. There is continued investment happening in terms of grid 
monetization and augmentation at a global level. 
Domestic business continues to be relatively strong. And o ur presence 
across multiple segments in the generation, transmission and distribution 
of electricity continues to be healthy. On the export front, the US tariff 
situation is fluid at the moment with various announcements that have 
happened over the last few months. 
One important development has been that aluminum and almost 400 
products were added to the Section 232 duty, which is uniform at 50% for 
aluminum, copper and steel. This is uniform across all the countries. So, 
as a consequence, that puts us in a slightly less disadvantageous position. 
When you look at the export of the product, the metal content is charged 
at 50% and the non-metal content is charged on the basis of the basic duty 
plus the reciprocal duty, which in India is at 54% at this stage versus the 
[page 10]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 34 
lowest duties which are coming from the Middle Eastern countries and the 
UK, which stands at approximately 10%. 
Basis news articles and talks which are going on about the trade deal, 
hopefully it seems that there is a certain level of progress taking place. 
However, in the meantime, customers in the United States have honored 
their commitments on most of the orders and t hey have accepted the 
materials. There is also a willingness for them to absorb a part of the duty, 
allowing us to make some adjustments in our prices and margins. And the 
new order inflow has started in Q3 after a break of two months in Q2. The 
pace of orders is a little bit slower as customers try to size up the 
geopolitical situation and the tariff situation.  However, there are certain 
incentives which were announced by the US government which are time -
bound. So, it requires construction to start of renewable energy projects, 
especially solar projects by 4
th of July 2026. And the project has to be 
completed and in service i.e. by delivering power into the grid before 
December '27. So, considering this, I would believe that order inflow will 
continue to be there and would actually increase to avail of the incentives 
which are there. The Trump government seems to have hinted that this 
period may not get extended. So, accordingly, we are seeing improvement 
in the order inflow in Q3. But this is likely to be executed during the end 
of Q3 and early Q4. And the revenues for what we export in Q3 will be 
realized only in Q4, resulting in a Q3 coming under some amount of 
pressure both on topline as well as on the overall profitability side.  So, 
given that globally there is an increase in demand, we would also look at 
trying to mitigate some of the shortfall of the US in the shorter term by 
trying to book more business in the domestic market as well as in some of 
[page 11]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 34 
the other export markets.  As I mentioned earlier, one dampener is that 
there has been a sudden spike in the price of aluminum and copper, which 
is holding off people from finalizing their orders in the hope or expectation 
that these prices may fall. But overall, we believe that if you look beyond 
one quarter and you look into the medium term, we believe that the 
business fundamentals continue to remain strong. 
So, on this note, I would like to conclude my presentation and open up the 
floor to questions. 
Moderator:  Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura. Please go 
ahead. 
Umesh Raut:  Hi, sir. Congratulations for a very strong set of results. My first question is 
pertaining to a conductor segment where we have reported a very strong 
set of EBITDA per ton realization numbers consecutively for almost now 
three quarters. And our guidance is at about closer to about Rs. 30,000 
per ton on this side. So, any revision in terms of guidance now considering 
that consistent performance of EBITDA per ton  more of closer to Rs. 
40,000 per ton. And especially with respect to what you talked  about in 
case of US market, how demand is kind of shaping up.  If you can divide 
that demand in case of data center and then other government -related 
projects? And where exactly do you see postponements kind of happening 
in terms of decision making from the customers? And also in case of 
domestic market, how do you see second half shaping up in terms of 
demand considering that first half was relatively noted in terms of executing 
projects on transmission line side? 
[page 12]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 34 
Ramesh Iyer:  Hi, Umesh. So, I will  answer the first part of it. Basically, on the EBITDA 
part, we will continue our guidance of 30,000 per metric ton a s we have 
been explaining in the calls earlier, it's a combination of various product 
categories. And depending on what gets executed during the quarter, our 
margins comes up. And as you would have seen, the EBITDA margins we 
have been guiding from 10,000 to 30,000 over the last 2-3 years, where 
we see a comfort level below which the EBITDA are not likely to drop over 
a 12- month period.  So, despite that, we have got 35,000 to 40,000 
EBITDA per metric ton. For the time being, we'll continue to guide 30,000 
per metric ton for the overall medium to long-term 12-month period. 
Chaitanya Desai:  On the second part of your question, so data centers is definitely one of 
the major drivers of the electricity demand in the US. But in terms of the 
products that we are selling, especially the conductor part, so transmission 
is an important component to feed the power to the data centers. And 
definitely, that is one of the areas we don't have the exact breakup. But our 
estimate is that the major part of the demand currently in the US is actually 
coming because of the data centers. The second driver is also in terms of 
the various other projects, especially wind energy in the US. So, a lot of 
transmission lines are coming up in those wind corridors to transmit the 
power from the generating point to the various consumption areas.  So, 
these are the major drivers. 
Umesh Raut:  Okay. And in domestic market, how do you see things shaping up in 
especially second half of FY'26? 
Chaitanya Desai:  So, second half traditionally is always better in terms of less weather-related 
issues. So, we feel that there will be a better progress. As was already 
[page 13]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 34 
explained, that the progress in the first half in this year has been behind 
the target by a huge margin in India.  But hopefully, we expect things to 
gather pace in the second half. There is pricing of the aluminum which we 
spoke about. That there are some projects which already the bidders have 
bid with a certain assumption of aluminum and  the products based on 
aluminum. So, they are waiting till, you know, prices of aluminum drop for 
them to actually go ahead with the placement of orders. So, to the extent  
they can delay some of the projects, there will be a little bit of that effect 
also happening in India and outside India. 
Umesh Raut:  Got it. In terms of import of conductor or cables in US market,  so when 
you talked about that most of these countries are at par with respect to 
duties of 50% excluding Middle East and UK or Europe. So, basically how 
much of that portion which is coming in from Middle East and Europe into 
US market as a part of total demand? 
Kushal Desai:  My apologies. I don't know.  The line seemed to have some trouble and 
dropped. So, as I was explaining that there are actually now the US tariff 
situation is a bit complicated to understand. So, let me spend a minute and 
explain. So, there is something called Section 232 in which strategic 
products are included from US economy perspective. And that includes 
three metals which is aluminum, copper and steel. So, the duty on these 
irrespective of the country from which the metal is be ing imported is 
attracting a duty of 50%. So, if a product lands there with a value of $100 
and it has $40 of metal, then that $40 will attract a duty of 50%. And the 
remaining $60 will attract a duty based on the reciprocal rate of duty. So, 
what we were saying here is that India actually has, we have gained to some 
[page 14]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 34 
extent because it is normalized to the extent of the metal portion and the 
disadvantage is to the extent of the non- metal portion, which is anywhere 
between in the case of conductors is probably around 30% is a non-metal 
portion of the value of the goods. Whereas in the case of cables, it could 
be as high as 50% of the value of the goods. So, there is this disadvantage 
that still exists at the moment. But because the metal portion is equalized, 
the overall impact is a bit lower. So, does that answer your question, 
Umesh? 
Umesh Raut:  Yes, sir. So, my final question is on the cable business side where we have 
seen EBIDA margins kind of hovering in the range of 10% since last few 
quarters. I think you have mentioned in the past that we were doing certain 
repositioning exercises, branding exercises, and that's why expenses were 
relatively higher. Over the course of scale-up in the business, we will have 
margins improvement coming in.  So, basically, I just want to understand 
how should one think about EBIDA margin in the cable b usiness going 
forward? 
Ramesh Iyer:  So, on a medium to long-term basis, we expect the margins to hover around 
10% to 12% as we have been guiding earlier. And because of the various 
categories of the products, because of multiple markets of the product, it 
could anywhere be at the lower end of 10% or upper end of 12% over a 
period of time. So, that's where it's likely to land. And we are in that range 
currently. 
Umesh Raut:  Okay. And is it possible to share any breakup in between end-user markets 
where you experience relatively higher margin for those specific 
[page 15]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 34 
applications and in some segments, margins could be relatively lower? So, 
any possible breakup that you can share on cable side? 
Ramesh Iyer:  No, there is no fixed pattern as such. It all depends on the composition, 
on the requirements, on the mix specifications. There are a lot of moving 
parts there due to which it may not be possible to arrive at this kind of 
answer properly. 
Umesh Raut:  Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you so much and all the very best. 
Ramesh Iyer:  Thanks. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from P L 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani:  Thanks for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on the headwinds  due 
to metal prices, which you highlighted. And you also talked about the 
ordering is significantly reduced.  Is it what you're talking about refers to 
US? And what is the assessment with respect to impact of this metal prices 
in the near term? Anything, any impact on the gross margin because of 
this, if you could highlight on that? 
Kushal Desai:  So, there are two parts to it. One is, I mentioned in the opening remarks 
that because metal prices have suddenly shot up, people have stopped 
ordering at the moment because their product will be more expensive. A 
lot of customers are in a wait and watch mode to see if the price is actually 
correct downward for the metals, in which case they would end up placing 
new orders. So, the order inflow has not been cancelled, but it's on hold 
in many instances. The second part of your question is, whether it's going 
[page 16]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 15 of 34 
to have an effect on gross margins? The answer to that is no, because we 
run a completely hedged book. So, we do not take on the risk of the metal. 
That risk is sitting with customers and on a back -to-back basis we end up 
taking the positions on the metal. 
Amit Anwani:  Yes. Second, sir, on tariffs. So, you did highlight that 30% of conductors' 
business might get impacted, as you explained, and 50% of cables 
component. So, given that there's a 50% tariff applicable in September -
October already, until the deal happened, any impact you witnessed, if you 
could explain any amount of percentage where despite negotiation with 
the customer, we had an impact on sales in the US market? 
Kushal Desai:  So, for almost two months, which is your August and September of the last 
quarter, the order inflow had almost completely stopped because people 
were waiting and watching to see  what would happen between the tariff 
situation. However, as I mentioned in the opening remarks that in Q3, we 
have started seeing a flow of orders starting to come in. So, this would 
definitely have a short -term impact in our booking of revenues in Q3 of 
FY'26. Because the new order inflow which has started coming in, even 
though it is at lower margins, it is all on a DDP basis, so the revenue will 
get recognized in Q4 of FY'26. So, there is a definite impact, but the order 
inflow has already started coming in. And as I mentioned, with certain 
customers who want to avail of these incentives in the United States on the 
renewable energy, there are certain timelines in which they need to deliver. 
So, I think that to some extent, at least as far as solar installations are 
concerned, there is a movement that we have seen that has already started 
in spite of the higher tariff levels. 
[page 17]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 16 of 34 
Amit Anwani:  Understood, sir. So, for cables, we can see this quarter, I think the sales 
was about Rs. 895 crores for domestic business, which is kind of hardly 
1%-2% growth. So, any reason there? And exports for cables, despite you 
explained that orders were stopped, so if you could explain , the exports 
for cable were significantly higher despite the tariff. So, if you would like 
to explain these numbers on cable? 
Kushal Desai:  In terms of the cable exports to the US because the periods were already 
announced by which the increase would take place. A lot of customers 
have taken delivery of product to meet with those deadlines and that is 
reflected in the higher percentage numbers that you see of growth in the 
cable side. Also, the domestic market, Q2 is normally the slowest period. 
The power cable work really stops quite dramatically in Q2. So, we took 
that period to actually complete all the US export orders which were there. 
We have not really had any major penalties and tariff- related issues to 
absorb in terms of our own P&L so far. Our expectation is that in Q3 and 
Q4, the domestic market will be picking up. And in Q4, you will see a lot 
more billing happening to the US markets and the other export markets as 
well. 
Amit Anwani:  So, finally, last question on the conductors. We can see premium products 
delivering strong growth. And I understand that this is primarily because 
of the domestic. Is it also the reason that gives us confidence of 30,000 
plus EBITDA per ton? That is one. Second, has there been any impact on 
the US EBITDA per ton ? Could you  just highlight negative or positive 
because of the recent developments of tariffs? 
[page 18]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 17 of 34 
Kushal Desai:  The EBITDA pattern for the US markets across all both conductors and 
cables have both obviously taken a hit. In the case of conductors, as I 
mentioned, the metal portion is much larger than in the case of cables. So, 
the hit is taken on the non-metal portion of the product. 
Ramesh Iyer:  But we have been able to pass on this hit to the customers. So, if you look 
at our P&L, there is no net impact on our profitability, both on conductors 
and cables in Q2 for the orders that have got executed in the P&L. So, in 
the sense, if I drive your attention to the other expenses line, you can see 
an increase that has happened. So, a lot, a part of that increase is due to 
import duty in US, which you have to incur as a cost. But at the same time, 
it has been billed to the customer. So, there is no impact on the profitability 
for the two divisions. 
Chaitanya Desai:  So, there will be a hit for this September quarter. But going forward, as 
explained for the new orders which are coming in now, there will be a hit 
in terms of volume for a little while and also the margins will be a little less. 
I hope that clarifies, Amitji? 
Amit Anwani:  Yes, on the premium products, what's driving this? Is it fairly domestic or? 
Ramesh Iyer : Premium products are largely domestic.  
Chaitanya Desai:  But we are trying to increase our geographic reach outside India also for 
these products now. It is at the beginning stage, but definitely it is one of 
the efforts we are making so that with the difficulties with some of the, or 
the challenges in some of the markets like US, then we are trying to make 
up in other markets. 
[page 19]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 18 of 34 
Amit Anwani:  And is it fair to assume that gradually the EBITDA per ton in premium 
products is improving, or has it improved in past 5-6 quarters? 
Chaitanya Desai:  It has remained pretty much at a decent level. 
Kushal Desai:  There is no unit improvement in EBITDAs per ton, but the mix of that has 
continued to remain reasonably strong. So, if you see copper transpose 
conductors, copper bu s bars, all of these products including HTLS 
conductors, they have all remained reasonably strong. And the outlook for 
these products also remains good because all products whic h are having 
increasing demand in the both short, medium and long term. 
Amit Anwani:  Thank you so much, sir. All the best. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prathmesh Salunkhe from 
PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prathmesh Salunkhe:  Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. So, since we are on cables business, 
now that we understand most of the cables growth is coming from the US 
business and there is a dependency as of now. So, just wanted to know if 
and when this tariff situation resolves, what kind of impact we can see going 
forward? Can the cables business maintain this kind of growth in next year 
as well? 
Kushal Desai:  So, our sense is that there will be a definite impact in Q3 of FY'26 because 
there was two months of really no order and flow coming in. As we get into 
Q4 onwards, you will see again the momentum  starting to pick up. There 
will be practically almost no billing happening in Q3 with respect to the US 
markets. In fact, I mean, I wouldn't say no billing but substantially lower 
[page 20]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 19 of 34 
billing taking place. The domestic market also, for example, if you see there 
is a lot of solar addition taking place, but all the string cables for solar are 
all copper based. And if you see in the last 10 days, copper has reached 
almost all-time high prices, touching close to $12,000 before it has come 
off. So, there is a little bit of disruption that has happened in there where 
developers are just holding back because they have all quoted on a fixed 
price basis. So, there is a little bit of disruption which is there. We see that 
will probably all play out in Q3. And then from Q4 onwards, we'll start 
seeing business volumes again increasing both domestic as well as export. 
Prathmesh Salunkhe:  Okay. Also, sir, we are doing quite a bit Capex in cables business, 
expanding our capacity across the cable.  So, wanted to understand what 
kind of revenue we might get from cables like maybe elastomeric cables? 
What were the revenue figures for elastomeric, ' 24-'25, and then with 
increasing capacity, what kind of revenue we can get from such cables ? 
So, we understand sort of trend. Thank you.  
Kushal Desai:  Historically, we aren’t giving a break up in terms of  the sub cable types. 
But all I can tell you is that we have been guiding a growth of 25% year on 
year. The first half has delivered something far in excess of that. There will 
be a bit of a blip that happens in Q3. But, you know, as you go forward, 
Q4 onwards, we will continue to see this increase. We have not reduced 
anything in terms of the Capex that the company has announced.  So, we 
are going ahead with all our Capex  plans because we believe 
fundamentally that the demand is going to continue to remain strong. So, 
on the renewable side, on the contrary you see, the amount of growth 
happening on the wind side has also been very strong. And APAR has a 
[page 21]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 20 of 34 
very strong position in the cables that go into windmills. So, we have been 
seeing a good growth on that front as well. In Q2, you will see windmills 
don't get added because to erect a windmill with monsoon and the winds 
being at high levels and generally that's the slow period. As you get into 
Q3-Q4, you'll see segments like wind, railways, all of these things on the 
domestic side picking up.  And from Q4 onwards, we'll see again U.S. 
export revenue getting booked. So, I hope that kind of gives you the 
picture. 
Prathmesh Salunkhe:  Yes, very helpful. Thank you so much for the questions and all the best. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Arora from Axis 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Arora:  Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. Just on this awarding side, because 
I know you've been sounding cautious over the last 2 -3 quarters because 
of the tariff part as well.  But you're over delivering every quarter. E very 
quarter, I think the growth has been very strong. Just on when you said that 
Q3 orders especially only on the U.S. market, there were no bookings. And 
from Q4 on and Q3, you have started seeing orders also coming in. When 
these orders are coming in, is it purely on the conductor and cable and it's 
again the renewable Capex where the customers are decided? Because 
when we look at the global data of renewables, that is not falling, that the 
ordering has been very strong. So, obviously, when you said to meet the 
deadline of the IRA incentives there, so it's just the U.S. revenue part, which 
you see some slowness coming in Q3 and Q4 is where you again start 
seeing a bump up. And is the order run rate, the similar kind of a run rate, 
[page 22]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 21 of 34 
what you're getting now, the inquiry and the order run rate, if you can just 
clarify that? 
Kushal Desai:  So, on the order flow, so this constant inquiry has been coming even 
through this entire period where there was no real orders getting finalized. 
But we have seen a large intake come in at the end of through the Diwali, 
meaning the last week of October, early in the last 10 days, a whole spate 
of orders has come in from the U.S. market. So, we have had to adjust our 
pricing to some extent. Customers have absorbed a portion of the duties 
at their end. We have  also come to realize that even the local domestic 
players have had to adjust the prices upward because all aluminum, the 
U.S. imports almost 90% of its aluminum. So, those prices have also got, 
the local prices of aluminum have got adjusted up to that extent.  So, this 
was a whole period where things needed a bit of settling down. And then 
now this order inflow has come. So, you will see a reasonably strong 
execution happening from November onwards.  And it's all directly, the 
orders which are getting finalized first are all coming from the re newable 
energy side in the U.S. So, both on the solar and the wind side. So, APAR 
exports actually cables that go into the wind side also in the U.S. B ut the 
solar is much larger in terms of the volume. 
Nitin Arora:  Got it. That's very helpful. So, that's all I wanted to know. 
Kushal Desai:  On the conductor side as well, wherever customers need to place orders 
on for the conductors to prevent, their schedules getting disrupted. So, we 
started seeing some inflow of  those orders coming in as well. So, if you 
see the growth, which we have shown, if you take FY '25, we had done 
almost Rs. 1,600 crores of conductors and cables put together. And if you 
[page 23]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 22 of 34 
look at FY'26 in the first half, we have done almost a similar number. And 
this is because APAR has also been working very hard in increasing market 
access, as in getting approvals from customers, etc. And our belief is that 
at some point in time this tariff situation will get sorted out. And then as it 
gets sorted out, the larger access will be available based on all these 
approvals, which we have been working on, including through this current 
period. 
Nitin Arora:  Got it. It's just a month or two month phenomena, which you saw and then 
again, things are getting back on track. 
Kushal Desai:  There is a pressure on the margin because we have had to absorb part of 
it, customers have absorbed part of it. And these markets take many, many 
years to build. And so as a strategy, we have decided that we do not want 
to let up on products going into these markets and into these customers.  
Because the tariff problem, our belief is it will get sorted out at some point 
in time, in which case there will be more parity in terms of our ability. We 
have also invested a lot of money not only in equ ipment, but also in 
manufacturing practices, processes etc., where the products are optimized 
for the US market from our plants in India. And so as this tariff situation 
gets sorted out, I think you'll see a surge taking place in business going to 
the US.  But we have to still wait and watch until that happens. In the 
meantime, business has restarted. 
Nitin Arora:  Sir, just one thing on the domestic market, as you rightly said, transmission 
is something which took a little stall . But when we look at the backlog of 
thermal projects and state distribution, that ordering, what we were seeing 
was quite healthy still in the first half. So, domestic though you have guided 
[page 24]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 23 of 34 
for a 25% growth in cables and conductors also  you've been doing very 
strong growth. From the domestic side, do you see any challenges on the 
growth or you still think the momentum will continue in that 20% plus range 
and premium product contribution continues to increase? 
Kushal Desai:  So, we don't see really any fundamental challenges on the domestic side. 
The short term issue has clearly been right of way. Also, there is a change 
that many of the customers are putting in the way in which you can do the 
billing. See, previously, even in government projects, railway projects, 
many other agencies, you could bill, there was a separate billing of product 
and then billing of the services that you had. So, you could supply the 
product part earlier in the cycle compared to the ser vices part. Today, 
everything is now moving towards milestone billing.  So, if your right of 
way doesn't come through, then you don't want to order the material 
because you can't then bill it further to the client. Your payment is now 
more milestone based in terms of how you execute. So, a few of these 
things have played out because of which there is likely to be a slightly 
slower movement happening in Q3. But keep in mind that post Diwali, that 
means from November through till March is the best construction season 
in the country. So, everyone is working overtime on getting right of ways 
and as those come through, you will see the conductor offtake starting to 
pick up.  Plus, there is this backlog, as was mentioned in the opening 
remarks, that substations have outstripped actually the lines going in. So, 
there will be a demand that will come up for the lines. 
Nitin Arora:  Thank you so much. 
[page 25]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 24 of 34 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nid hi Shah from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nidhi Shah:  Thank you so much for taking my question. My question is on the expansion 
of the conductors. What is the progress on that and by when do we expect 
the entire capacity to come online? 
Chaitanya Desai:  It is all going as per schedule. Almost all the product lines, we are 
increasing our capacities and we envisage that the bulk of it will be done 
by March '26. And some part of it will get done by the Q1 of the next 
financial year. 
Nidhi Shah:  And my second question on the conductor side is that what do you think is 
the outlook on the conductor side for the domestic market, given that not 
a lot of players are increasing capacity on the conductor side ? Not many 
players exist in this space as well. 
Chaitanya Desai:  So, on the conductors, we are making several different types of products. 
So, there is one product group, which is on the copper side, which we are 
seeing that there is a fair amount of growth that we expect. Therefore, we 
are expanding. And you are right, relative to the demand, the increased 
capacity may not be so  forthcoming. On some of the conventional 
conductor side, aluminum side, we see that the supply demand may be not 
so great for us because new capacities are coming in. And as we 
discussed, there is a little slowdown and we are building our capabilities 
on the premium products of the aluminum conductors.  So, that is also 
expected to grow in the reconductoring projects of HTLS and OPGW. 
Nidhi Shah:  Thank you. 
[page 26]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 25 of 34 
Chaitanya Desai:  Thank you. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Sheth from B&K 360 
One. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Sheth : Hi. Good evening, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, you did mention 
about the conductor Capex that are likely to come by March. We are also 
investing about Rs. 800 crores in cable division. So, what is the, you know, 
status there? When are the capacity likely to come up there? 
Kushal Desai:  So, in the case of cables, the first phase of equipment  are coming in the 
January-March quarter. And the balance will all arrive in the April -June 
quarter. So, by the June quarter, you will have pretty much everything 
having landed up at our sites. And then the commissioning will take place. 
So, bulk of the commissioning, I would imagine, would be done by June 
of 2026. The spillover of which would happen in the 3rd Quarter  of next 
year, as in the quarter ending September of next year. 
Kunal Sheth : Okay. So, basically, and then we will see gradual ramp -up in terms of 
utilization over the next few quarters? 
Kushal Desai:  Absolutely. We are equipped enough to meet, our operating plan for this 
year. And then the timing of the Capex is such that it times in to then allow 
for further increase happening from the next financial year onwards. 
Kunal Sheth : Got it, sir. And sir, my second question is relating to conductor segments. 
The share of premium products there is about 45% in Q2 and about 44.5% 
in H1. Is there a number that we have in mind? Basically, what I am trying 
[page 27]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 26 of 34 
to understand is where can this share go up, given that we are still focusing 
on a lot of premium products and introducing a lot of specialty products? 
Kushal Desai:  So, the copper side is a separate bucket by itself. But when you look at the 
aluminum side, which is consisting of HTLS and all these premium 
conductors, where we not only supply the conductor, but we also actually 
install it. So, that part of the market is actually a growing market. And there 
is a lot of work going on in there. Government policy also is being worked 
upon to improve and increase the amount of reconductoring efforts that 
are going to happen in the country. So, the equipment is actually fungible. 
So, as the HTLS demand increases, we are in a position to increase the 
production of those type of conductors. So, I don't see a limiting factor on 
that number. I think that we want to grow only up to a certain percentage. 
If there is a huge reconductoring demand that comes up, we would like to 
produce practically everything as HTLS. 
Kunal Sheth : Okay, got it. So, basically, it's more constrained by how demand shapes 
up rather than our capacity. 
Kushal Desai:  Exactly. So, as we put in all the new Capex, we made sure that equipment 
is fungible to produce a much wider range of premium products. 
Kunal Sheth : Got it, sir. Thank you so much and best of luck for the future quarters. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Achal Lohade from 
Nuvama Wealth Management Limited. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade:  Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Just a few clarifications. 
One, in terms of the pricing, you did mention that you lock in the price, 
[page 28]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 27 of 34 
but there is no impact on the margin. But in terms of, let's say copper has 
gone up from $10,000 to $11,000. So, is markup basis the absolute 
rupees per ton or the markup basis the percentage? If you could clarify. 
Kushal Desai:  The price variations would run on the basis of the absolute change in the 
price. It would not be based on a percentage change in the price. The 
price variation formula is based on the absolute change in the price. What 
I meant was that we hedge our position completely. So, we don't take any 
speculative risk on the price of the metal movement, either upward or 
downward. 
Achal Lohade:  Yes, fair. So, what I wanted to check, and correct me if I have got it right. 
So, essentially, whatever is the price, we add rupees per ton margin on 
that. Have I understood right? 
Chaitanya  Desai:  So, I will give you an example. So, if a customer is placing an order on a 
provisional price basis with a certain delivery schedule, then as w e come 
closer to the actual offtake month, then he has to finalize the price. And 
then there is a price variation formula which updates the price.  So, when 
he updates the price, we lock in on that updated price, we take the LME 
position. I hope that clarifies. 
Achal Lohade:  Understood. Okay, and is it similar for conductors and cables both or it's 
different for both the products? 
Kushal Desai:  No. So, every product has its own price variation formula depending on 
the composition of the product. But the delta that takes place is 
fundamentally related to the metal itself. So, the change in the price of the 
metal itself. 
[page 29]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 28 of 34 
Achal Lohade:  Metal. Understood. The second question I had, sir, in terms of export for 
both conductors and cables, if you could clarify, how much is for the U.S.? 
What would be the U.S. mix out of the exports for conductors and cables 
separately? 
Ramesh Iyer:  We have given it. For the last year, full year, it was about Rs. 1,600 crores 
that we did. And as we just explained on the call, for the first half of this 
year, we have already crossed, already done Rs. 1,600 crores across cable 
and conductors in the U.S. 
Achal Lohade:  Understood. The third question I had, you know, given the current capacity, 
what is the potential revenue assuming the current price of the metal? Like, 
are we operating at a 60% utilization, 50% utilization, 90%? If you could 
give some clarity on that.  And what is the additional capacity quantum 
which is coming on board? 
Kushal Desai:  So, if you were to look at both the conductor and the cable side today, in 
terms of operating capacity, we are at, in the conductor side about 75% to 
80%. And then we are adding capacity going forward. On the cable side, 
also we are at about 80%-85% capacity. But in certain product categories, 
we are running at 100% utilization. The expansion that we put in are going 
to enable us to support the growth that we have been guiding for FY '26 
and FY'27 and a little beyond that as well. Because a lot  of new factory 
facilities are also coming up, so you can then start adding production lines 
to further increase. Especially on the cable side, a new 66 -acre plot is 
being fully developed, which would then allow, beyond whatever we are 
putting in the Rs. 800 crores, we can incrementally then start increasing by 
then putting in production lines. 
[page 30]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 29 of 34 
Achal Lohade:  Got it. If you could quantify what is the Capex target for FY'26, '27, and 
'28? A ballpark number? 
Ramesh Iyer:  For FY'26, we have about Rs. 1,300 crores as a ballpark Capex across all 
three divisions. '27 and '28, we don't have at the moment. 
Achal Lohade:  But is it fair to say it will be Rs. 1,000 crores plus or it could fall? 
Ramesh Iyer:  It's not unlikely because we are going to spend a big amount this financial 
year to build capacities and infrastructure that will last for the next few 
years. So, the Capex for the following years will be substantially lower than 
what we will incur in FY'26. 
Kushal Desai:  Let me put it in a slightly different way. Answer the same question that, we 
are putting in Capex, which is good for over two years of expanded 
capacity, and we are doing this in advance. Because in the past, what has 
happened is that we have always allowed capacities to reach 85 %-90% 
levels and then added.  Given today's timeframe where capacity addition 
timings are much more complicated and difficult to achieve, we are putting 
this Capex in advance. So, the reason why Ramesh is saying that when you 
look out beyond this, depending on the way demand is picking up and the 
product lines where we are seeing more traction, we would then go in and 
start putting in equipment that's more specific to that. So, two years plus 
expansion is already clearly happening with this Capex. 
Achal Lohade:  Wonderful. And this last question, with respect to the reconduct oring 
opportunity, if you could give some more sense, sorry I missed the initial 
part if you kind of said in that context, but if you could repeat for the 
reconductoring opportunity in India. 
[page 31]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 30 of 34 
Kushal Desai:  So, what I mentioned, I didn't mention anything in the opening remarks, in 
answering one of the questions I mentioned that the reconduct oring 
opportunity, according to us, reconducting is absolutely the best way to go 
forward for the following reasons. Number one is that it's significantly 
cheaper than putting up a new line. Secondly, it is much faster and it is in 
the hands of the utility to give you the outage to actually put the lines up.  
So, there is no right of way required or no third -party permissions which 
are required. And the third thing is that if you choose the right design, you 
can actually increase the throughput of power by 150% more or 200% 
more. So, if you are carrying 100, you can go up to 250 or 300, 
depending on the configuration of the line that you end up choosing. So, 
when you look at this, in a country like India which is resource constrained, 
this is clearly the best way to go. So, our sense is that more and more of 
this reconductoring will have to come up. We have  also been lobbying
 
with C EA saying please allow new lines to be laid with the top -end 
conductors which is with the HTLS, etc., which so far has been focused 
only on reconductoring projects. So, this is also being considered by the 
Central Electricity Authority because keep in mind that you hear a lot of 
data centers going into the U.S., but there's a lot of data centers going into 
India as well. They are much smaller in size than the U.S. hyperscaler ones, 
but there is a lot of data centers going in, and they do require a large 
amount of energy to run. So, we believe that a lot of reconduct oring 
projects are going to come up, and it will only accelerate with the addition 
of data centers and other energy-intensive assets which get installed. 
[page 32]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 31 of 34 
Achal Lohade:  Any quantification, sir, like in terms of annually how large is reconductoring 
at this point in time and how large can it become like in 3-5 years? Any 
quantifications? 
Kushal Desai:  So, actually the government is working on a reconductoring plan. So, they 
have taken out a renewable energy, 500-gigawatt renewable energy 
blueprint for the country. So, they are working on a transmission and 
reconductoring plan. A transmission plan also has been released, but the 
reconductoring plan is something that is being worked at. Our sense is 
that, see, it's largely demand-driven  
Chaitanya  Desai:  And mostly it is in the urban areas currently or in the areas where there is 
more power requirement to be fed. But over a period of time, you know, 
what is currently like a niche application may become a more full -fledged 
requirement and a mainstream product.  
Kushal Desai:  It's difficult to gauge what percentage growth will be there, but it can really 
have a good growth going forward. Also a lot of expertise is required in 
that. It is not a very simple thing to do. A, to manufacture the HTLS and B, 
then to do the installation. 
Achal Lohade:  Understood. Thank you. I will  fall back in the queue for follow -up. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator:  Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amitoj from B&K Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Amitoj:  Thank you, sir, for taking the question and congratulations on a great set 
of results. My question was on the subdued ordering activity seen in August 
[page 33]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 32 of 34 
and September. I just want to clarify that this was primarily a result of 
Section 232 tariffs and higher metal prices or they were a result of high 
reciprocal tariffs? 
Kushal Desai:  So, I think it's a combination of both because to a large extent, it was also 
because of 232. So, in the case of all the tariff increases reciprocally, you 
would have noticed that a notice period was given of several months and 
then a date was declared effective so- and-so date it will happen. When 
India was slapped a 25% penalty, the timeframe was shor ter. But in the 
case of 232, it allows the government to impose it as of the time that they 
declared it. So, it becomes effective from 12: 01 the next morning. So, it 
was so sudden, and 400 categories of products were added in there. So, 
obviously it took time for an evaluation in terms of what is going to be the 
impact. Even local domestic suppliers took time in terms of figuring out 
how things were going to fix and get rebalanced. People who had materials 
that were already in the country obviously could sell it at a lower price. So, 
there was quite a lot of confusion in that timeframe. I would think that 232 
was the single largest factor for it. R eciprocal tariffs of countries also did 
not get declared overnight in one shot.  If you see, they were being 
announced country-by-country. So, the whole thing actually resulted in a 
couple of months where things needed a bit of settling time. There is also 
hope that everybody has had at our end as well as our customers and that 
there will be a deal between India and the US. There was a period where 
there was a complete stalemate. Nothing was happening. Now, at least in 
the press, it seems like there is some positive movement. And I mean, if 
the trade deal happens, then it will only accelerate whatever our business 
is over there. 
[page 34]
 Q2 & H1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call  
October 30, 2025 
 
 Page 33 of 34 
Amitoj:  Got it. This was because my question was mainly focused on knowing that 
if this was largely an effect of reciprocal tariffs, then did we see any market 
share erosion in the US primarily? But now that I can confirm that most of 
it is due to Section 232 tariffs. 
Kushal Desai:  Yes. 
Amitoj:  Got it. And on the Capex side, I just had a few questions. So, out of the 13 
million CAPEX, how much of it we have incurred till 1H FY'26? 
Kushal Desai:  About 400 odd crores we have... 
Ramesh Iyer:  For the Company as a whole, we have incurred Rs. 400 crores of Capex 
in the first half of the year. 
Amitoj:  Got it. And on the cable side, we had guided that this Capex of Rs. 800 
crores will result in revenue generating capacity of around Rs. 10,000 
crores. 
Kushal Desai:  This Rs. 800 crores increase in Capex will result in an immediate increase 
that happens of around Rs. 6,000 odd crores. So, from Rs. 5,000 crores 
which we started with, we will be able to end up at about Rs. 10,000 
crores. Plus the infrastructure is set up on the 66 acres.  So, now as you 
start adding new equipment and stuff, then the time frame for installing it 
is much faster and then you will get a much higher revenue versus the 
incremental Capex that you put in. 
Amitoj:  Got it. I think that is it from my side. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Kushal Desai:  Thank you. 
[page 35]
Q2 & H 1 FY'26 Earnings Conference Call 
October 30, 2025 
P age 34 of 34 
Moderator:  Thank you. Due to time constraint, this was the last question for today's 
conference. I now hand the conference to Mr. Kushal Desai for closing 
comments. 
Kushal Desai:  I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone for your time to attend 
our earnings call. Just a quick summary in line with the closing remarks that 
I had. We see that all the fundamental drivers of our business continue to 
remain strong. There is a short-term impact as we have explained in detail 
that is going to hit us in Q3, especially from business in the US. The order 
inflow from there has already started. So, you will start seeing a better 
position happening in the fourth quarter of the year. The domestic side on 
conductors was affected to some extent due to right -of-way issues. Our 
expectation is that as we run through the second half of the year that will 
also get sorted out. And once that is done, there is a wonderful execution 
period available between now and 31
st of March. Overall, we stand quite 
optimistic in terms of the way in  which the business is growing, albeit a 
short-term problem which we will see in Q3. With that, I would like to close 
the call. Thank you very much for your time. 
Moderator:  Thank you. On behalf of APAR Industries Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 

