[page 1]
  
 
 
 
25th November, 2025 
 
To, 
Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
Fax : 022- 22723121/2037/2039/2041 
Scrip Code : 532906 
corp.relations@bseindia.com 
 
To, 
Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra, Mumbai – 400 051 
Fax: 022-26598237/38, 26598347/48 
Scrip Code : MAANALU 
cmlist@nse.co.in 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Subject:  Transcript of the Analyst/Investor Call Held on 17.11.2025 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations,2015, please find the attached transcript of the Concall held on 17.11.2025. The 
above information is also hosted on the website of the Company.  
 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully 
 For Maan Aluminium Limited 
 
 
 
Sandeep  
(Company Secretary) 
 
 
 
[page 2]
 
 Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“MAAN Aluminium Limited Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 17, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVINDER NATH JAIN – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, MAAN ALUMINIUM LIMITED 
MR. ASHISH JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MAAN 
ALUMINIUM LIMITED 
MRS. PRITI JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MAAN 
ALUMINIUM LIMITED 
MR. UMESH CHANDRA PANT – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, MAAN ALUMINIUM LIMITED 
MODERATOR: MR. VIJAY PANDEY – NUVAMA WEALTH 

[page 3]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to M AAN Aluminium L imited Q2 FY '26  
Earnings Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward -looking statements about the company which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’, then ‘0’ on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Pandey from Nuvama Wealth. Thank you and over 
to you Mr. Pandey. 
Vijay Pandey: Thank you all for joining us and apologies for a delayed start. Today , we have with us the 
promoter and management of MAAN Aluminium, Mr. Ravinder Nath Jain - the Chairman and 
Managing Director ; Mr. Ashish Jain  - the Executive Director ; Mrs. Pr iti Jain  - Executive 
Director and Mr. Umesh Chandra Pant - the Chief Financial Officer. 
I now hand over to Mr. Ashish Jain for his opening remarks. Over to you, Ashishji. 
Ashish Jain: Yes, hi. Good afternoon , everybody. It is a pleasure getting everybody on the call today.  I am 
happy that I can share some snapshots about our great company, MAAN Aluminium Limited. I 
can start with an introduction. I am the Executive Director in the company. 
MAAN Aluminium Limited, obviously, for most of the investors as they are aware, we are one 
of the largest Aluminium companies in India and also one of the largest Aluminium extrusion 
manufacturers in India. We are happy that since the last 3-5 years, we have had great growth in 
our company. Obviously, looking at the past few years, there has been some slowdown.  But 
overall, we believe the company is on a very great trajectory in terms of operational excellence. 
We have uploaded an investor presentation online as well. I am trying to go through some of the 
snapshots of the investor presentation t hat will help put some direction towards this call. So, 
obviously, as most people, stakeholders, investors, the investment community at large is aware 
that MAAN is having 2 primary businesses. One is the manufacturing business, and one is the 
trading and distribution business. I am not going to put too much emphasis on our trading and 
distribution business. It is pretty vanilla. We just leverage our balance sheet, 1% EBITDA kind 
of a business margin business. Manufacturing is where our core potential is. M AAN is one of 
the 5th within the top 5 extrusion manufacturers in India. 
In fact, in 2023, I  am not sure if most people are aware, we were the largest exporter to the 
United States market in t he year 2023. So, we are a large extrusion company play in India in 
terms of volume. We have enhanced significant capacity where we have sent out notes as well 
[page 4]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 3 of 14 
throughout the year where MAAN has moved from a production capacity of 12,000 tons to now 
24,000 tons per annum. We have a ramp up and therefore the investments that we are making to 
further enhance this capacity and our value addition capacity over the years. We have a foundry 
capacity of about 12,000 tons per annum, an extrusion capacity now of 24,000 tons per annu m, 
an anodizing capacity of 3,600 tons per annum, and a machining capability of 1,400 tons per 
annum. The anodizing machinery and other value-added services our company has now decided 
is where the maximum value is generated , the best margins are generated and definitely that  is 
the core aspect that we are working towards. We are trying to grow in that market. We are trying 
to make the investments that we are trying to raise capital for in those aspects. So, when we add 
value to the product, to the vanilla extrusion product that we have, we generally see the margins 
are significantly better and therefore creating better shareholder wealth. As I sa id, that is our 
core area. We have seen various industries where this happens, where we are seeing the different 
industries that we cater to, whether hardware, solar, defense, electrical, railway, w herever we 
are now growing because of the new press that we have added this year. We  have added an 
Italian technology press, which is coming online. Obviously, we are having teething issues, but 
this year is when it is coming online. It will propel us in the future in terms of getting into markets 
where we were not present previously in aerospace, defense, automobile industry, especially the 
EV space. That is where the flavor is nowadays. A lot of similar companies, similar extrusion 
players are heavily inv esting in that line.  Obviously, the industry and the market seems to be 
growing tremendously well towards the EV space. So, obviously, we want to cash in on that as 
well. Therefore, we  have made the investments and we  are obviously looking to add further 
value added so that we can supply the downstream products as well to our clients. 
In addition, we have obviously now in a lot of different automobile space that we were 
previously not there. These industries obviously take a lot of effort in terms of getting yourself 
audited and compliance completed and trying to penetrate. That  is where our focus has been  
obviously. That is where we are getting into as well. In addition, we  have made the relevant 
disclosures where MAAN Aluminum has invested in properties within the Pithampur and Dewas 
area. So, we have had two more units.  One of the uni ts is currently not operational. We are in 
the planning stage where therefore the investment or the funds that we  have raised. The Dewas 
unit currently, we  have already started a lot of CAPEX in terms of getting the infrastructure 
ready. We have the machinery. Actually, good news is it has just landed last week and it  is in 
installation phase. We have a very strategic plant that we are putting up in our Dewas unit which 
is going to be a 100% import substitute business. It is into precision manufacturing. So, this unit 
again, we have done a CAPEX of Rs. 21 crores. We are doing an additional CAPEX of Rs. 25 
crores which we are going to do this year and next year.  This is an exciting project for us. It  is 
the first of a kind plant in India. We are trying to keep it as strategically confidential as positive 
because we want to be a first mover in the industry in this , hopefully having at least 3-year 
advantage than our competitors. Unfortunately, I cannot add much more but obviously, this is 
going to be something which we are very excited about, the management at MAAN. Hopefully, 
we can have it online by Q1 or Q2 of next year. Again, very excited for that. 
[page 5]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 4 of 14 
Obviously, then, we have planned a lot of CAPEX for the next 3 years where we are looking at 
significant investment, as I said, in value addition, downstream value addition businesses, 
whether it is powder coating, anodizing, machining. Again, we are also very excited in the roof 
rail business in India where currently the sunroof assembly businesses, the profiles that are used 
for that business is 100% import line. We have discussions with a lot of assembly manufacturers 
in India and we are looking to make the relevant CAPEX of that as well. So, we see that most 
of the automotive industries , actually, I wouldn't say automotive, w e see many industries are 
moving towards the government's initiative of Make In India and therefore, we are getting a lot 
of people approaching us as well. We want to look to invest. We want to look to grow in those 
lines. So, again, something that we are looking to add. We are growing. We have a geographical 
footprint now more or less globally in a lot of countries.  I know a lot of people are questioning 
and I do get a lot of questions on the import. The anti -dumping duty is currently in place. They 
have impacted MA AN. Therefore, our numbers in the last 2 years, obviously, a lot of people 
have looked at those and raised questions. But honestly, MAAN, I don't think we have lost even 
a single customer. 
In fact, we are growing strength to strength. Yes, because the market is recessionary and volumes 
have dropped, that has impacted us and our numbers on the bottomline. But we have not lost any 
market share. I just feel that some of the customers are sitting in bay and evaluating where they 
want to do, what they want to do. But we believe the US market is a strong market. It will bounce 
back. We will continue to grow in that space. North American market, we are adding customers. 
UK, Israel, Europe, Australia, all these markets we are adding, we are growing. We are investing 
in people as well outside India and inside India as well, trying to get up our core teams ready for 
the expansion that we are looking to do. So, overall, we feel that the extrusion business itself is 
going to grow at a huge pace because the overall aluminum per capita consumption in India is 
one of the lowest in the world. And there is a tremendous opportunity for growth in that space. 
And therefore, you are seeing the management's commitment towards investment and growing 
in our core business. 
Coming to the numbers bit, the September numbers are obviously out. We  have had a revenue 
of close to Rs. 191 crores.  We have had an operating profit of Rs. 7.96 crores. Our P BT is Rs. 
7.77 crores for the September quarter. So, overall, we are seeing that obviously from the last 1-
1/2 year or so, where we  have seen a significant slowdown, we feel that it  is picking up. The 
word on the street is obviously very positive now because with the new capacity coming online, 
we were in a position where we could not cater to the domestic market.  And now, we feel that 
with that additional capacity which is coming online, we  will be more than happy to increase 
that share and draw back that market share that we were not able to cater to. So, all in all, I am 
going to sum up and obviously answer questions in the best way I can. All in all, we  are quite 
positive. Obviously, significant investments planned in place for our value addition. We will 
obviously take time to get the new ramp-ups to take place because unfortunately, in the extrusion 
space, they take time. For us, any investment has a minimum cycle of 6-8 months to come online. 
So, again, that is where we are at as of now. And I  am happy to send it back and take any 
questions. 
[page 6]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 5 of 14 
Moderator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes to the 
line of Pranav Jain with Ageless Capital and Finance. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Jain: Hi, sir. Good afternoon. I just had a couple of questions. So, firstly, going forward, do we expect 
to see the trading share for revenue? Do we expect that to reduce going forward and more focus 
on manufacturing? 
Ashish Jain: Yes. So, Pranav, yes. Yes and no type of question. So, as I said, the trading and manufacturing 
is totally separate. Just to be very clear, the management's focus is 100% on manufacturing. 
Trading is something where obviously our Chairman and Managing Director has a relationship 
with Hindalco since the last 40 years. So, we are traders of Hindalco primary metal that is ingots, 
billets, rods only since as I said 40 plus years. So, that is a very core relationship that we 
maintain. And it is something that the revenue is purely based on the commodity value. So, from 
a tonnage perspective, we are more or less similar every year. Our focus is not that. Our focus is 
manufacturing, 100% investment that we are looking to do is in manufacturing only. 
Pranav Jain: Understood. And we have a pretty elaborate CAPEX plan for the next 2-3 years. Can you help 
me understand how that translates to our P&L? 
Ashish Jain: So, again, Pranav that would mean that I have to give out a lot of guidance. So, I am not going 
to be very easily able to answer that question. 
Pranav Jain: No, I get that. It is just a ballpark figure where you see the company going in the next 2-3 years 
because now the extended focus on manufacturing with the buzz around Aluminium as well. 
You are perfectly placed in that sense. 
Ashish Jain: Let me say, so the CAPEX that we are looking to do, right, Pranav, we are going to be having it 
invested also in a little bit of a phased manner. For example, even if I place orders of a machinery 
today, nothing is going to hit the ground before 6-8 months. So, whenever we talk, we are going 
to talk a little long term because I believe that whatever investments you are looking and anybody 
who looks to invest in MAAN also should have a 3-5 year trajectory. A lot of this money that is 
going to come in is going  to have the CAPEX expansion starting, let  us say, tomorrow if it 
happens. And we have a 3-5 year forecast where you are going to see numbers at least 5x as  to 
where we are today. So, that is the growth potential that we  are looking at.  We have a very 
aggressive ramp up strategy. But at the same time, when I say aggressive, it obviously depends 
on a lot of parameters. We are very bullish, i n fact, by the next quarter, the US market is also 
going to bounce back for us. So, it could be earlier than 5 years. It could be 3 years. But we are 
very confident that we are able to achieve this. 
Pranav Jain: Good. Not to get me wrong, I am really happy that you are doing this. Can I just know why the 
sudden push towards more towards manufacturing, the aggression towards the new additional 
CAPEX? Like what led to it? What were your thoughts process if we could have? 
[page 7]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 6 of 14 
Ashish Jain: Let me also let you know that we  have been a little conservative always as a company because 
we always didn't want to have too much debt and too much leverage. Well, we have now changed 
that strategy wherein we are letting go of some equity also, if you can see. That is the reason we 
are raising funds. Today, we don't have a lot of debt. Post this also, we will not have a lot of 
debt. So, we will be able to ramp up better and faster. And also, the shift what we saw in the 
market, right Pranav is as I said previously. Previously, it was like, a lot of people were like, we 
are not getting it in India, buy it from China. But now the look is like, why can't we do it in 
India? Why can't we push the manufacturers? No, you do it. Let  us see if you  are importing 
something at X, maybe the domestic players are ready to pay a little bit more premium and ready 
to buy it from an Indian manufacturer.  So, we saw that change. And once we saw that change, 
and we saw people running around with profiles, like large corporates in India coming to us 
saying, please, we are n ot able to get it. Then we said  this is the time now that the market is 
improving. We are seeing the demand which is locally being created and the push for a little bit 
more quality. So, MAAN is a very niche quality player in the extrusion space. Apart from the 
other extruders, I believe our market is very niche in terms of, we are positioned very separately. 
We are not a mass market extruder. For us to sell even a lakh ton is not a big deal. We can do it. 
But we are focused on OEMs. We are focused on auto. We are focused on high -end solar 
products. So, where the customer is quality conscious. So, once we saw this, we said, okay, now 
it may be the right time. 
Pranav Jain: Can you dwell a little more on the niche application of the products? Like what differentiates 
you from others? 
Ashish Jain: So, as I said, we are only into OEMs. If you want to do your house and you want to get extrusion, 
you want to make a door window or any other profiles, you will not find MAAN material in the 
market. So, we are not a mass manufacturer where we sell our product in the market. So, for us, 
customers who come to us, they want to understand the chemical composition of the material.  
They want to understand the usability, the various fire tests and this, that. They have a specific 
need which we can try  and successfully supply whereas, let us say, in the rest of India, people 
are making general houses.  They just want to put a door window. They don't care , what is the 
iron content in the metal, what is the finish of the metal. It  is just supposed to look good.  You 
put a nice powder on it and  you will hear people saying that our window is rusted , whereas, 
aluminum can never rust. In fact, it is an anti-corrosion metal. Again, as I said, we supply to a 
lot of people who require precision profiles. They have specific applications.  For example, we 
supply to certain people who make these aero bridges. So, they need some special alloying, 
which we are able to do because we have in-house foundry. We make the special alloys for them, 
which are high fire-resistant metal requirements, so stuff like that. We do a lot of these things. 
We don't sell a large volume, but we sell whatever we sell with better margins. 
Pranav Jain: It is a high price game basically? 
Ashish Jain: Yes. 
[page 8]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 7 of 14 
Pranav Jain: Yes. Just a last question on my end. I may have missed your explanation.  So, sorry for my 
ignorance. But can you tell me what happened in the last 2 years? Because when I see your 
number, there is a drastic change. So, can you just explain that to me in case you  have already 
mentioned? 
Ashish Jain: No problem. So, Pranav, as I said, in 2023, if you see the last  2 years from 2023 to today, I am 
guessing that is what you are saying. We are seeing the drop of the 23 numbers. So, basically in 
2023, if you would have gone through the investor deck also, you would have seen we were 
hitting about 73% to 70% plus of export revenue, which dropped because the US anti-dumping 
duties came into place. Therefore, we had to change our strategy where we were 70 % plus 
export-oriented. We had to start to claw back some of the domestic market because a lot of that 
business, as I said in my earlier comments, our customers have not moved but the volumes have 
dropped. And that significant drop in volumes affected our margins. So, as I said, luckily we 
saved some of the major dip because we could convert a lot of domestic customers.  But our 
focus is on both markets now with the capacity which is online. And trying to answer the 
previous question, what was happening in 2023, we were at 80% capacity utilization. So, we had 
to make that investment and that just came online. So, what will happen this year? Unfortunately, 
this year we are going to have a phase where you  will see our utilization drop significantly to 
27%-28%. But obviously that ramp up will happen. 
Pranav Jain: Yes. No, that is fair. I understand that. So, currently, what will our exposure to US be since we 
have doubled down on the domestic market? 
Ashish Jain: So, we are still close to 45%-50%. So, we are almost even between both. 
Pranav Jain: And do we expect that to go lower in proportion to our domestic contribution going higher? 
Ashish Jain: I don't think so. I would not say that. As I said, we are still focused in the international market. 
We are adding new players. So, I would love to keep it 50%-50%. But yes, I cannot predict the 
future. But yes, we are working on both sides of the coin. We are not leaving that market and 
we are not going to leave the domestic market as well. 
Pranav Jain: But with the ADDs in place also, is it favorable for us? 
Ashish Jain: Yes, the ADDs, it is a broad spectrum. I don't know if I have the time to explain in detail.  But 
the ADDs have impacted the entire world, excluding the UK. So, it has actually put everybody 
on a level playing field. So, in fact, it really doesn't matter because even a domestic manufacturer 
who is going to import the raw material, which is a billet, will have to pay the ADD.  So, it just 
brings the cost. Yes, the consumer is hurt at the end of the day. So, unless obviously, the material 
is smelted, bauxite, everything is in the US and I don't think they have a very large capacity. So, 
unless that ramp -up happens, when that happens, I don't know. But at the end of the day, the 
consumer is going to be paying for it and therefore the slowdown in the consumption in the US 
and therefore it impacted everybody downstream. 
[page 9]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 8 of 14 
Pranav Jain: Understood. And I am so sorry, just one last question. Do we see our margins going back to the 
previous levels, if not to that extent, but entering the double digits and then slowly ramping up 
from there in the next 1-2 years? 
Ashish Jain: Absolutely, yes. And that is where we are working. 
Pranav Jain: You won't be able to give me a number? 
Ashish Jain: I don't think so, sorry. 
Pranav Jain: No problem, I thought so. But thank you so much. It was great speaking with you and all the 
best. 
Ashish Jain: Thank you, Pranav. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes on the line of Ishpreet Kaur with Relax Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ishpreet Kaur: Hi, I had a basic question on the business model for the manufacturing side of the business. Is 
the operating profit per kg fixed for the extrusion business and the value-added part that we do, 
or does it fluctuate with the increase and decrease of Aluminium prices? 
Ashish Jain: Ishpreet, hi. So, that is not the case. Just to give you an idea is MAAN Aluminium is a converter. 
So, we buy raw material from the primary manufacturers that Hindalco, Vedanta, Nalco in India 
and obviously we are open to buy internationally as well. So, being a converter, our margins are 
fixed. The fluctuation in the metal is , we cover the fluctuation via MCX or LME.  So, we are 
95%-98% hedged on the commodities. Our margins are fixed once we have a conversion fixed 
with the customer. So, those margins are not impacted.  Obviously, as I said, we have 2% -3% 
open where obviously it  is a management call as to how we want to play the market. But we 
generally don't want to do that game because we don't know where the commodity is going to 
move. So, on that aspect, the margins are fixed and that is how we work. 
Ishpreet Kaur: So, the raw material is back-to-back procurement as in how you get an order? 
Ashish Jain: Yes. So, back-to-back hedged on MCX or LME. 
Ishpreet Kaur: Right. Could you help us with the volumes of the first half and Q2 on the manufacturing side? 
Ashish Jain: Manufacturing side.  I think , Umesh, do you have the numbers with you? Actually, I  am 
traveling. Sorry. I don't have everything in front of me, but I think. 
Ishpreet Kaur: Not a problem. Just if you could also throw some light on the operating profit per kg as of now 
and how do you see it moving in the next 1 and 2 years? 
[page 10]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 9 of 14 
Ashish Jain: So, again, I think per kg, if I give you the operating profit that is going to be. So, just to give you 
a sense, we keep the trading and manufacturing business together. So, it sort of gives a blended 
number, right and we do it on purpose. We don't segregate it. As I mentioned previously, the 
trading business is 1% EBITDA kind of business.  The balance is manufacturing. So, Dewas 
engineer the numbers that we have and you will get the figures. There has been a dip as even on 
the last person who w as asking me on call , we have had a dip because we  have seen the anti-
dumping duties impacted our business in the last 2 years and therefore per kg realization has 
come down. But the manufacturing side is pretty healthy. We are 10% EBITDA kind of numbers 
which has come down from 18%.  But that is because even when the export business dips, the 
value-addition part of the business has dipped significantly. So, just to give a sense, because I 
know most people are going to ask a similar question. Let us say vanilla extrusion, your margin 
is example between 8%-10%. So, what happens is when we add value, for us value addition is 
powder coating and anodizing and machining. So, for example, when we add value for anodizing 
and powder coating, let  us say your margin adds between 15% -18%. And then, subsequently 
you have a machined product.  That is another 15%-18%. So, when we have businesses which 
require machined value-added product, and so that requires extrusion, anodizing and machining, 
you can see the cumulative value much better. So, that is our core focus. And that is where we 
are making the investment. Because we have realized that it is very similar. Even if you see a lot 
of extrusion in China have used a similar model, obviously India is catching up. So, we feel that 
post the investment that we are going to make, we  are going to see a good ramp up in the next 
3-5 years. Because most of the CAPEX we are doing is for adding value on the value addition 
side. For example, we don't have powder coating curren tly in-house. We have a very restricted 
machined capacity which is running almost at 90% capacity in the last 6 months. So, currently, 
we are not able to supply. We are trying to job work or we will have to request the customer that 
maybe we can't supply right now. So, that is an urgent need for the CAPEX and that is the 
direction we are going to work. 
Management: You asked so around the 4,000 MT we have processed in FY '26 H1. 
Ishpreet Kaur: 4,000 MT for the first half? 
Management: Yes. 
Ishpreet Kaur: Thank you. Just lastly, would there be any further impact because of the US tariffs that come up 
for India? 
Ashish Jain: So, Ishpreet, I don't think so. I think 50% is a lot, right?  If you see a commodity that costs Rs. 
280 today or something like that, 50% on that is unbelievable. So, I do not know how the US 
consumer can keep affording that.  As I said, the impact which has happened is that obviously 
the off-take on the shelf has dropped. So, consumers are not consuming as much as they could. 
So, maybe they will see one good quarter, but then they are going to see 2-3 bad quarters in the 
US. So, I don't think it is sustainable. I think it will only improve from now, whether it is 25-50 
or whatever the number is, I cannot predict.  But we believe it can only get better. I don't think 
you can go above 50. It is actually 55%. So, anything above that is going to be really  or magic 
[page 11]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 10 of 14 
happens and the US suddenly starts making a lot of Aluminum which again, a project to put an 
Aluminum smelting plant is minimum 5 years.  So, I don't see that happening. But again, if the 
US knows something better than me, then we don't know. But as I said, we don't see it getting 
worse. In fact, we see it only improving. 
Ishpreet Kaur: But even at the current levels of 50%, there definitely would be some demand destruction 
because of the end prices like you mentioned for the immediate short term, not _31.52___ in the 
longer term? 
Ashish Jain: Absolutely. Like last quarter, the numbers you see, they  have improved. So, we have had 
customers come back because they were sitting on the fence, waiting for something better, which 
didn't happen. And now we are seeing the customers come back. Obviously, this last quarter Q4 
in terms of the US is because holiday season impacts us every year. But we are seeing the 
customers come back because, up to what level do you hold back consumption at the end of the 
day? Because US being the biggest consumption. But yes, there has been some erosion in terms 
of demand, which has impacted us. 
Moderator: Thank you. We have lost the line. We will take the next. That is Mr. Jatinder from Relax Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jatinder: Hi, Ashish. Good evening. I have just two follow up questions on the same. So, if I look at FY 
'23 numbers, which was almost like Rs. 70 crore operating income. And if I do some backward 
calculation, we get to about 15 %-18% EBITDA margins as far as the manufacturing is 
concerned? 
Ashish Jain: Right. 
Jatinder: So, in which year, now because these orders have started to come in and you  are saying that 
these are higher value-added orders, by when do you think on a sustainable basis, we will reach 
that type of margin? 
Ashish Jain: So, Jatinder, we have obviously done some forecasting and we believe that we should be able to 
get back within the next 2-3 years. Again, don't hold a gun to my head, but that  is what we are 
hoping for. And we are working towards, we might see it next year.  But as I said we generally 
look at long term. So, yes, let us say within 2-3 years, we should see that coming back. 
Jatinder: And are contracts that you sign in terms of margins, very different between what you do for 
exports and what you do for India? Do you get any benefits? 
Ashish Jain: I didn't hear the first. I couldn't hear. 
Jatinder: So, basically, we also export and we will now incrementally see higher value addition in the 
domestic customer base. My question is, when you design or sign a contract or agree for a 
[page 12]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 11 of 14 
production supply for an Indian customer, are the margins very similar in the same range? Or is 
it any different? 
Ashish Jain: Yes, the margins are not similar. On the international market side, they are much better. So, they 
are not that great.  But we will get to the scale in terms of overall costs coming down. So, the 
margins will be good, but they are not as good as the international market, 30%-40% off. 
Jatinder: 30%-40% lower than what you get in the international markets? 
Ashish Jain: Yes. So, that will be about 10%-12% is it? 
Jatinder: No, I am saying it means if yo u are getting 100, then you  will get 70 or something like that. 
Right, so if you are getting 80%? You are saying the blended will be still in the 15%-18%? 
Ashish Jain: Blended. Yes, blended, because we are not going to stop the international ones, right? So, it will 
increase in fact, because this is going to be the additional volume, yes. 
Jatinder: And my last question is related to your capacity, right? So, we are at 80% and we put the new 
lines, including the value-added. So, the 24,000 that we have, obviously, we  will have a lower 
capacity utilization for the time being. But do you see that, so let  us say, FY '29, should we be 
back to something like 80% capacity utilization? I  am saying 3 years from now, do you see a 
ramp up? 
Ashish Jain: Including ramp up 80% you can take it. Yes, we have a strategy to ramp up in the next 3 years 
and hit 80% of our capacity. And just, I think, I just want to correct you that is of the extrusion, 
not the value-add. The value-add is the investment we are going to make. 
Jatinder: Correct. 
Ashish Jain: So, just to clarify, yes, because you mentioned value-add in your statement that is how I was just 
correcting you. The capacity for 24,000 is the vanilla extrusion, which we will ramp up. And the 
value-add is where we are now having the investment to make the investment in, raising funds 
for that investment. 
Jatinder: And is Mr. Ravinder Nath Jain on the call? 
Ashish Jain: Yes, he is, I think. 
Moderator: Yes, Mr. Jain, please go ahead. 
Jatinder: I have just one question for Mr. Ravinder Nath Jain. You have been in the industry for so long. 
Do you have any outlook on how Aluminum prices will behave for the next 2-3 years? 
Ravinder Nath Jain: You mean you are talking about the commodity? 
[page 13]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 12 of 14 
Jatinder: Yes, the base commodity price. 
Ravinder Nath Jain: Yes. We cannot predict on the commodity. You never know, because you see Aluminum in India 
is more than sufficient. What about the production we have in India, we are exporting 50%. So, 
in India, there is 50% spare capacity in India itself. So, because of our Indian government policy, 
they have a duty of 8%, which is going directly to the primary producers. You never know, just 
4-5 months, the LME is 2400. Now it will touch 2800. You never know. So, we are not worried 
about the prices, because we don't have any role for the prices. 
Jatinder: I am not concerned about the prices in terms of the impact on your business, but I am just asking 
your outlook in terms of this price? 
Ravinder Nath Jain: I think so. These prices are, I think so it will not go much more down than this normal price. 
Normal price must be very from 2700-2900. 
Jatinder: Got it. That is very helpful. Thank you, sir. 
Ravinder Nath Jain: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Vijay Pandey with Nu vama Wealth and 
Investment Limited. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Pandey: Hi, sir. Thank you for having us on the call. I have two questions.  These are from the clients, 
they joined previously, but they had to switch out. So, one was on the new CAPEX of Rs. 110 
crores, which we are putting. So, this is entirely on the extrusion part, or is it the new part of like 
the value addition, or is it a mixture of both? And what will be the asset turns on the new CAPEX, 
consider 3 years or 5 years down the line? 
Ashish Jain: Yes, the CAPEX that we are raising, so just to give you a sense, we have put a new Italian press, 
which has cost us close to Rs. 40 crores. We  have done that totally through internal accruals. 
MAAN has generated that much cash flow where we have invested.  We continue to do 
maintenance CAPEX and basic CAPEX through the revenues of the company that we're 
generating. The additional funds that we are raising, we  are looking to add value addition 
products, land and machinery and building. We are not  currently focused on enhancing the 
extrusion capacity because we believe that, as I said, we are a little bit hopeful that once we are 
close to hitting the 3-year ramp up, that is when we will add additional capacity. Though we are 
not restricting ourselves to that. But as I said, we see better realization numbers in the value 
addition. So, most of the funds are going to go towards the land and building and additional 
CAPEX for the value addition business. 
Vijay Pandey: And sir, what will be the asset turns in terms of the revenue generation capability? 
Ashish Jain: So, most of the revenue generation depends on the different value addition mix that we are going 
to do. But as I said, I won't be able to give you a guided number as such. Asset t urns, we are 
[page 14]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 13 of 14 
looking at least 5 years and we are hopeful that we can get back the EBITDA kind of numbers 
where we are between 15%-18% with the additional value addition. 
Vijay Pandey: So, 15%-18%, is it EBITDA margin or is it gross margin? 
Ashish Jain: EBITDA. 
Vijay Pandey: That is pretty helpful, sir. And just wanted to understand, sir, one more thing on the working 
capital cycle. How is the working capital cycle in the industry in terms of export and domestic? 
Ashish Jain: So, our net to cred is that working capital at 60-day cycle. But when you look at the export side, 
we have 60 -90 day working capital cycle. And on the domestic side, we are more or less 
advanced to 30 days. So, that gives us a mixed number of 60 days. But in the domestic, in fact, 
we are pretty strong where we work on advanced models, as I said, and delayed credit cycles. 
Internationally, we have to give the 60 days that we give.  But most of our customers on the 
international side are very large corporate as well. And the payment cycles are pretty automated. 
So, we are comfortable with this number. 
Vijay Pandya: Thank you. These were the two questions. And I think we do not have any question online.  So, 
sir, over to you for some closing remarks. 
Moderator: Speakers, we have no questions at this point of time. I  will just hand it over to you for closing 
remarks. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Jain: So, I think I can give and then our Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Ravinder Nath Jain 
can also give his closing statement. Thank you very much for all the investors, stakeholders to 
be on the call. Rest assured, we are very excited. We are very energetic. We have a very young, 
strong management team. And we have the experience of our Chairman and Managing Director, 
who is a veteran in the aluminum industry. So, we are very focused towards obviously giving 
our shareholders the best numbers. There are times which are obviously part of the industry, 
which are up and down. But our core focus is growth, development and try and maximize on our 
value addition and our capabilities. So, again, thank you, everybody. We are hopeful that we can 
deliver strong numbers every quarter. And again, thank you very much. I  will hand over to our 
Chairman for closing words as well. 
Ravinder Nath Jain: Namaskar to all investors. MAAN Aluminum Limited is a company which does not believe in 
volume. We believe in quality and on the price. We are not focusing maximum on our extrusion. 
Although extrusion is very important because this is also a raw material for the machining, for 
anodizing, for powder coating. And one more project which is coming in, which is exclusive in 
India, this is the first project. I believe that project will do v ery good because this is a 100% 
replacement of import. So, our new capacity is enhanced by 24,000 tons. I believe, very strongly 
believe, by the next financial year, closing March, we will definitely complete this 24,000 tons. 
I am very sure and very confident. Also, within 6 or 8 months, we will start that precision tubing, 
[page 15]
 MAAN Aluminium Limited 
November 17, 2025 
 
 Page 14 of 14 
which is very important and very profitable business, as well as we are also announcing the 
machine shop for the value addition. 
In a nutshell, we are basically focusing for the extrusion for defense and aerospace and EV 
battery, which trial has been already started. There are two items which we have already success 
for the defense items, but for the auditing, approval of the sampli ng and everything must take 
around about 6 months. I hope shareholders want the profit end of the day. And as Ashish told 
you, within 3 years, you will see the performance is just go, maximum number is old, highest 
number, then more than double. I am very sure. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of M AAN Aluminium Limited, that concludes this confe rence. Thank 
you for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
