===== PAGE 1 =====
REF: BSE/Reg. 30 & 46(2)(ao)/2023-24.                                   May 18, 2023
 To,
 BSE Limited
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
 Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001.
 BSE Scrip Code: 522257
 BSE Script ID: RAJOO

 Sub: Submission of Transcript of the Investor Earning Call held on May 16, 2023
 on Financial Results for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2023.

 Ref: Regulation 30 and 46 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
 Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing
 regulations).

 Dear Sir/Madam,

 With reference to the captioned subject and pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30
 and 46(2)(ao) of SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript
 of the Company’s Investor Earning conference call held on May 16, 2023 on the financial
 results for quarter and year ended on March 31, 2023 .

 The above Transcript of the Company’s Investor Earning conference call held on May
 16, 2023 shall be hosted on the website of the Company at www.rajoo.com.

 Kindly take the same on your record and acknowledge the receipt of the same.

 Thanking you.
 Yours faithfully,
 For Rajoo Engineers Limited
 DOSHI       Digitally signed by DOSHI
             KHUSHBOO CHANDRAKANT
 KHUSHBOO    Date: 2023.05.18 17:38:41
 CHANDRAKANT +05'30'
 Khushboo C. Doshi
 Managing Director
 (DIN: 00025581)

 Encl: a/a

===== PAGE 2 =====
               “Rajoo Engineers Limited
         Q4 FY '23 Earnings Conference Call”
                     May 16, 2023




MANAGEMENT: MRS. KHUSHBOO DOSHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR –
            RAJOO ENGINEERS LIMITED
            MR. UTSAV DOSHI – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR –
            RAJOO ENGINEERS LIMITED
            MR. SUNIL JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – RAJOO
            ENGINEERS LIMITED
            MR. PRAKASH DAGA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
            RAJOO ENGINEERS LIMITED




                         Page 1 of 20

===== PAGE 3 =====
                                                                                      Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                May 16, 2023

Moderator:        Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rajoo Engineers Limited Q4-FY23 Earnings
                  Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there
                  will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
                  assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on
                  your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the
                  conference over to Ms. Khushboo Chandrakant Doshi from Rajoo Engineers. Thank you and
                  over to you, ma'am.


Khushboo Doshi:   Good evening, everyone. I would like to welcome you all to Rajoo Engineers Limited Earnings
                  Conference Call for the fourth quarter and full year ended on 31st March, 2023. Thank you all
                  for taking the time out and joining us today. With me today on this call, we have Mr. Utsav
                  Kishore Doshi, who is the Joint Managing Director, Mr. Sunil Jain, Executive Director, Mr.
                  Prakash Daga, CFO, and team from Adfactors PR, our investor relations team. We have shared
                  our results, updated and presentation and media release. I hope you all must have gone through
                  with that.


                  I would like to share financial performance, recent developments, and outlook for the future.
                  Coming to the full year financial performance, revenue from operation FY23 was INR159.79
                  crores, at against INR172 crores in FY22, a Y-o-Y decrease of 7%, mainly because of delay in
                  export dispatches. There has been tremendous shortage of USD currency in financial system in
                  some of the African countries. Our customers in these countries are not able to open the LCs or
                  remit the balance pre-dispatch payments, due to which at the end of the year, some machines
                  were ready but waiting for dispatch again their orders. EBITDA stood at INR13.99 crores against
                  FY22, INR20 crores.


                  Decrease of 33% Y-o-Y, mainly because some significant expenditure on sales, promotions, and
                  exhibitions and R&D. EBITDA margin was at 8.76%, a decrease of 340 bps Y-o-Y due to
                  significant strategic expenditure made by the company under opportunity building exercise,
                  resulting in a little pressure on the margin for FY23. Profit after tax was INR10.02 crores in
                  FY23, as compared to INR14.18 crores in FY22, Y-o-Y decrease of 32%. PAT margin was 6.16,
                  a decrease of 233 bps Y-o-Y. Basic EPS stood at INR1.63 in FY23 as compared to INR2.40 in
                  FY22, Y-o-Y decrease of 32%.


                  If we talk about the recent development during the year, we are happy to share that as a part of
                  our strategy to increase the focus in agriculture sector, we have begged the business worth of
                  INR30 crores from one of the leading manufacturer of agriculture products from export markets.
                  This prestigious order for our cutting-edge non-film line machine for manufacturing of silo beds
                  as per need and requirement of the customer. We believe that our machine will empower silo
                  bed manufacturers to optimize their operation and deliver superior storage solutions to every
                  sector and around the world.


                  Earlier being sold from the European supplier, these beds will now be manufactured right there.
                  We are continuously expanding our product portfolio. As the world increasingly shifts towards
                  renewable energy, we see a tremendous growth opportunity in solar panel manufacturing. That


                                          Page 2 of 20

===== PAGE 4 =====
                                                                                      Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                May 16, 2023

                  is where Rajoo entered and captured the opportunity through our new product called Lamina-E.
                  This is the India's first mono and multi-layer EVA or POE sheet extrusion system for producing
                  an encapsulant sheet for solar cells.


                  It is an import substitution product and a move that would empower solar panel manufacturer
                  and also make a difference to India's energy program and our country's journey towards energy
                  independence by 2047. At Rajoo, with our business strategy, we are expanding our global
                  footprint, focusing on market penetration, and making continued investment in R&D to promote
                  the advancement of energy efficiency in our product line and digitalization of our aftermarket
                  services. We continue to endeavor for our customer-centricity approach and stakeholders'
                  delight.


                  As we move forward, our focus is to take significant market share in agriculture and renewable
                  sector, giving equal importance to plastic recycling. We will continue to invest in sustainable
                  technology and practices to ensure that we play our part in protecting our planet for future
                  generations. Going ahead, we expect to maintain our growth trajectory combined with strong
                  product offering and brand position in market.


                  Based on the domestic and export outlook, we are confident that we are looking forward to high-
                  value orders in line with our expectations from high-growth markets. Our target is to grow at
                  15% to 17% year-on-year in terms of revenue. We are also focusing on improving EBITDA
                  margin by increasing the contribution of high-value products and improving our operating
                  efficiency. So, with this brief, I thank you very much and invite you to ask any questions that
                  you may have. Thank you.


Moderator:        Thank you very much. The first question is from Harsh Sharma, an individual investor. Please
                  go ahead.


Harsh Sharma:     Hello. Hi, good evening. So, my first question is, what is our current order book and what is our
                  tenure for the same?


Khushboo Doshi:   The current order book is INR185 crores. And the lead time of the products ranges from 3
                  months to 8 months.


Harsh Sharma:     Okay, fine. Thank you so much. And what is our domestic and global share as per Q4 and FY23?


Khushboo Doshi:   FY23, the domestic has contributed to 65% of the total revenue while export has contributed
                  35%.


Harsh Sharma:     Fair enough. And how does the company plan to stay ahead of the competition?


Khushboo Doshi:   Of course. Yes, staying ahead of the competition, we have a plan for development of our, you
                  know, enhancement in our existing product and that's where we are focusing on a high value
                  orders with the latest technology that can give us an edge over the competitors, not only from
                  India, but from Europe as well.



                                           Page 3 of 20

===== PAGE 5 =====
                                                                                         Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                   May 16, 2023

Harsh Sharma:     Yes. And so, basically, last question, are there like any specific growth strategies that are planned
                  ahead?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, we are more focusing on export market because, and with that reason, we have invested
                  heavily on the R&D, other sales and marketing promotions, and also on the sales team, building
                  up the entire sales team for looking after the world market.


Harsh Sharma:     Thank you so much.


Khushboo Doshi:   Thank you.


Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahindra Gala from H&M Associates. Please
                  go ahead.


Mahindra Gala:    Yes. First of all, I congratulate to the team that they are able to maintain leaving that sales
                  promotion and the exhibition expenses or R&D. I think the comparables from the 2022 FY and
                  FY23 are nonetheless lesser than the previous year. Because of these all expenditures of the
                  expansion, I would like to ask that what is the expansion plan right now, when we are spending
                  sizable amount of INR5 crores on sales promotion and R&D? What is the expansion plan that
                  company is looking forward?


Khushboo Doshi:   Sir, if it touches the INR200 crores, the capacity will be over. So, this is the right time for the
                  expansion and we would be doing expansion in this year, not only on a tooling, but also in terms
                  of building up a new capacity in terms of space as well. So, we do have a plan for the expansion
                  this year and company may invest around INR20 crores to INR25 crores for increasing the
                  capacity.


Mahindra Gala:    Okay. Another question I would like to ask is, there is a sizable trade receivables this year and
                  quarter 4 ending. There is also a high bank balance of around INR15 crores and there is also a
                  loan given of INR28 crores. Compared to the previous year, the loans are almost doubled. I
                  didn't find any increase in the other income compared to the last year because there is an income
                  of 2.73 last year FY22 of the other income and current year also there is another income of 2.79.
                  When the loans are increased to double, can you ask that where this, when this loans are being
                  increasing gradually?


Khushboo Doshi:   Sure, sir. Prakash, would you like to take this?


Prakash Daga:     Yes, Mr. Gala. The loans are representing mostly the fixed deposits held with the banks. It is not
                  actually the loans given to any third party. So, and the amount, which is showing an increase, it
                  is just because of the heavy amount of advances received against the new orders during the last
                  quarter of the year.


Mahindra Gala:    So, are they advances or are they in the form of loans?


Prakash Daga:     No, no, they are deposits held with the banks. Actually, there is a slight schedule presentation
                  error.

                                           Page 4 of 20

===== PAGE 6 =====
                                                                                        Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                  May 16, 2023

Mahindra Gala:   Because when I see the figures, it shows that there is a double, exactly the figures are double in
                 the loans. But I fail to understand in the other income there is no corresponding increase in the
                 other income.


Prakash Daga:    No, no, those are deposits, those are representing fixed deposits with the bank and the amount
                 has substantially increased just because of the heavy advances received during the last quarter
                 against new orders.


Mahindra Gala:   I understand, sir. Then the fixed deposits have increased. So, the other income should also have
                 corresponding impact, which I didn't found on the profit and loss account for the current.


Prakash Daga:    Substantially, the fixed deposits, what I am saying is that the substantially it has increased during
                 the last quarter only. So, it was a very small amount of interest earned on the only for a month
                 during the last quarter.


Mahindra Gala:   Okay. And one more doubt which I had is in the cash flow statement, there is shown that there
                 is a bank overdraft of INR1.52 crores. And there is a positive balance, bank balance of INR15
                 crores. So, is this figure sounds correct as I have understood or there is any misunderstanding
                 by me? Because I just want to understand that there is an overdraft as well as there is a bank
                 balance of INR15 crores as well.


Prakash Daga:    No, there was no overdraft. It represents, I would just tell you the figure.


Mahindra Gala:   When I look at the bottom line of the cash flow statement, last line, I see that there is a figure of
                 147, 1420, sorry, 1425.82. And when I look at the bank balance in my statement of asset and
                 liabilities, it shows that 1578.03, the positive balance of the bank. Now, when I reconcile now,
                 because cash flow normally has the previous figures of 1080.97 and it has to reconcile with the
                 1578.03. But there is an particular suggest me that it is because of the bank overdraft or what it
                 is exactly.


Prakash Daga:    Okay. No, there is no bank overdraft. So, really because the company is already flooded with
                 the cash flow.


Mahindra Gala:   Right. So, I just wanted to know what, where these figures have gone like.


Prakash Daga:    I will just have to check the figure, because I will just repeat the schedule.


Moderator:       Thank you. Do you have any follow-up question, Mr. Gala?


Mahindra Gala:   No, thanks a lot, sir. Thank you for giving the opportunity and all the best for the coming year
                 of the expansion.


Prakash Daga:    Thank you.


Moderator:       Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dewang, individual investor. Please go ahead.




                                            Page 5 of 20

===== PAGE 7 =====
                                                                                         Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                   May 16, 2023

Dewang:           Hello. Thank you for the opportunity. I have a question that what would be the sustainable PAT
                  margin for the next few years? What would be the sustainable PAT margin for the next few
                  years?


Khushboo Doshi:   Sustainable margins would be around 8% to 10%.


Dewang:           And for how many years this 15% to 18% growth guidance that you have given is sustainable?


Khushboo Doshi:   Sorry, I didn't get that question properly. If you can repeat it, please.


Dewang:           Yes. Yes. For how many years the 15% to 18% guidance for revenue growth you have given is
                  sustainable?


Khushboo Doshi:   We are seeing, I mean, we are expecting more growth, but for this year, we are seeing it
                  conservatively. So for another next three years, we see a clear pipeline and feel that it can be
                  achievable.


Dewang:           Okay. And what would be the capex for the year? As you said that INR200 crores is the limit
                  for the existing capacity.


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes. For the next year, we would be investing around INR20 crores to INR25 crores on
                  enhancement of the existing space and of course on the tooling.


Dewang:           Thank you.


Moderator:        Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anik Mitra from Finartha. Please go ahead.


Anik Mitra:       Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to understand, like, we have exposure in
                  agriculture, in plastic extrusion as well as in the solar industry. I want to understand, like, if you
                  can roughly give some break up.


Moderator:        Anik, sorry to interrupt you, but we are losing your audio in between.


Anik Mitra:       My question is, like, your company is exposed to mainly three sectors, agriculture, solar and
                  plastic extrusion. Now, my question is, if you can provide me some color on the break up in
                  terms of its volume or revenue that will be helpful.


Khushboo Doshi:   Mr. Jain, would you like to take this, please?


Sunil Jain:       Yes. Good evening. Firstly, let me clarify that there are three segments which are agriculture
                  and infrastructure, solar, and flexible packaging, packaging per se. All these sectors are,
                  extrusion is a process which is involved in all the three sectors. And coming to your next
                  question, that flexible packaging will continue to contribute to about 50% to 65%, followed by
                  infrastructure would be about 30%, 35%, and this will be solar. And this ratio over a period of
                  time will change, because we are trying to de-risk ourselves and develop more in the agriculture
                  or the infrastructure sector and the solar sector. Does that answer your question?


                                           Page 6 of 20

===== PAGE 8 =====
                                                                                         Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                   May 16, 2023

Anik Mitra:       Sir, you referred infrastructure 30% to 35%. So, do you consider agri and plastic extrusion both
                  in infra?


Sunil Jain:       No, no. Let me first clarify. Extrusion is a process. Rest all are applications. And all these
                  applications use extrusion. So, extrusion is not a category.


Anik Mitra:       Okay. Understood.


Sunil Jain:       Extrusion is a process and all these three applications, whether it is packaging or whether it is
                  agriculture and infrastructure or solar.


Anik Mitra:       Okay. Sir, in terms of margin, what sort of margin is involved in, means is margin is almost
                  similar in all the sectors or do you attract different margins?


Sunil Jain:       See, obviously, in the emerging technologies, the margins will be better. And that is the reason
                  why there is a shift towards new applications. And as Mr. Doshi also mentioned to you, when
                  we get into exports, the margins are better. So, there's a very heavy focus on exports. The margins
                  would be different for each sector.


Anik Mitra:       Ma'am, you were referring INR200 crores of capex. Can you give me some rough, approximate
                  allocation of the capex for FY ‘24, you referred, I think, INR200 crores, if I'm not wrong?


Sunil Jain:       I'm not sure if the question is clear. Please go ahead.


Anik Mitra:       If I'm not wrong, ma’am mentioned INR200 crores of capex for FY ‘24, if I'm not wrong. So, I
                  just wanted to understand the allocation of the capex?


Sunil Jain:       See, INR200 crores was the expected top line. And if you want to go beyond INR200 crores,
                  what she mentioned was there will be a capex of INR20 crores to INR25 crores, which will
                  largely come from building space and tools.


Anik Mitra:       Okay. So, INR200 crores in FY ‘24?


Sunil Jain:       No. What she said was that in the current capacity, we can do INR200 crores. Current turnover,
                  the expected growth is 15% to 17%. So, there are two separate things.


Anik Mitra:       Okay. Understood. Sure. Thank you.


Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Meet from Niveshaay. Please go ahead.


Meet Katrodiya:   Hello, Ma’am. In the press release, you mentioned that due to some practical difficulties,
                  customers and some orders got dispatched during Q4, which resulted in increased raw material
                  costs impacting the margins, right? So, how this kind of late delivery is impacting our margins?


Khushboo Doshi:   That's a good question. It does impact the margins. And it's moreover, these machines are very
                  big in the sizes. So, whenever the delivery gets held, it occupies a lot of space, which is resulting
                  into the delay of other projects, which probably customers are ready to let. So, the way Mr. Jain

                                           Page 7 of 20

===== PAGE 9 =====
                                                                                          Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                    May 16, 2023

                  mentioned that because of the high value products, which is when we say high value, those are
                  high in technology and the sizes too. So, that's how, they affect the margin. And of course,
                  because of that, the other things get delayed further.


                  So, I would say that around 2% to 3% of margin, it depends what kind of a project gets held. In
                  this particular year, those are the very big projects which we have dispatched after Q4 gets over.
                  So, yes. Does this answer your question?


Meet Katrodiya:   Okay. And in Q4 also, we have mentioned that there will be some delay in delivery. So, our
                  margin will be also impacted in Q1?


Khushboo Doshi:   Right. So, it's overall margin, if we have to talk about, it affects, in a net margin, it gets affected
                  2% to 3%.


Meet Katrodiya:   Okay. So, when we can see this recovery in the margins?


Khushboo Doshi:   For this year, we are sure of that there will be an improvement in the margins.


Meet Katrodiya:   Any guidance for the margins?


Khushboo Doshi:   It would be around 8% to 10% in terms of net margins.


Meet Katrodiya:   Okay. So, my next question is, when new capex will come on the line and how much revenue
                  we can expect from the new capex at the 100% capacity utilization?


Khushboo Doshi:   See, in this case, 100% capacity utilization is never possible. And one cannot even intend to
                  have that situation, because then it is too risky for the company. So, we intend to utilize that
                  capacity to 80% to 85%. And for the new capex, which we are planning in this year, so we will
                  be able to have the results in FY ‘24 onwards.


Meet Katrodiya:   So, how much of revenue we can achieve at 80% to 85% on new capex?


Khushboo Doshi:   No, on a new capex, we would be able to see, for example, this year, we are targeting to grow
                  by 15% to 17%. So, if we have to continue to register our Y-o-Y growth at the same level, then
                  we need more capacity. So, with the new capacity, we will be able to achieve the 15% to 18%
                  growth for FY ‘24 and FY ‘25.


Meet Katrodiya:   Okay. Thank you.


Khushboo Doshi:   Thank you.


Moderator:        Thank you. Next question is from the line of Daniel. Individual investor, please go ahead.


Daniel:           So, in terms of overcoming challenges, what are your strategic plans and any regarding if there
                  are any other burning issues in the business?




                                            Page 8 of 20

===== PAGE 10 =====
                                                                                          Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                    May 16, 2023

Khushboo Doshi:   So, the current challenges, if we talk about the manpower and the skillset, which is a real
                  problem, and of course, the dependability on the same. From our side and from the customer's
                  side, there is a lot of dependability on the manpower. So, as we mentioned that we are heavily
                  spending on the R&D effort, basically mainly into digitalizing everything and make a kind of a
                  product where the customer also does not need to depend on the manpower and skills of the
                  current available manpower.


                  So, that is one of the challenges. Another important challenge where, in capital goods, you spend
                  two, three years in marketing, in developing the market, and then you start getting results and
                  some geopolitical issues get in a different direction and all the efforts get in a different direction.
                  So, this is the biggest challenge like we have in Pakistan. Very good market, but we cannot
                  dispatch.


                  And, of course, the European countries and countries like Turkey, where we were heavily
                  invested in the previous year and started having the fruits, but then again a geopolitical situation
                  between Russia and Ukraine, which resulted into many challenges like supply chain, developing
                  market, and then cannot dispatch. And, of course, resulting into other issues, which is out of
                  control. When the company as an institute is ready to deliver the product, but because of many
                  other issues which are out of control, one cannot do that. So, these are the challenges which are
                  not in our hands.


                  Other challenges, we feel that the price competitiveness in the domestic market, which is, again,
                  India being a very, very price sensitive market, it is very challenging to have the appreciation of
                  the technology. But we also see that Indian players are growing and can now afford the European
                  technology. So, if they afford the European technology, we are able to compete with them, and
                  then we are able to give a right value proposition to the market that with the same kind of level
                  of technology, we would be 25% to 30% more affordable as compared to any technology coming
                  from Europe. So, these are the challenges as far as the total growth and margins are concerned.


Daniel:           Thank you so much for that. And if I talk about packaging industry, it has increased over a
                  period, the demand. So, how do you expect or how do you measure this demand to be in the near
                  future in collaborating with our business?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, packaging is currently, see, our product line, product portfolio mainly contributing on the
                  packaging industry, which includes flexible packaging and semi-rigid packaging. So, both are
                  contributing well, and after COVID, all the doors are open for this industry because of the high
                  level of hygiene required in food packaging. So, the industry is growing, and we feel that for
                  another next three years, we see a good growth as far as domestic industry is concerned and also
                  for export market.


Daniel:           Okay. Thank you for those insights. And also, one more thing. In our export markets, which
                  specific regions account for most orders, from where the major orders are coming in, or which
                  countries to be specific?




                                              Page 9 of 20

===== PAGE 11 =====
                                                                                       Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                 May 16, 2023

Khushboo Doshi:   Major countries, yes. If we talk about the continents, it's African countries and Asia-Pacific
                  countries are contributing more. And these are the mature markets for us, and Rajoo has been
                  established in the market very well, well perceived as a player. So, these are our main
                  contributing, and that's why we are now again diversifying into other markets where there is a
                  lot of opportunities as far as the extrusion machineries are concerned. So, we are now targeting
                  Europe and CIS as well.


Daniel:           Okay. Thank you for that. Just one last question. If I talk about interest costs on a Y-o-Y basis,
                  it has increased from INR0.05 crores in Q4 of 2022 to INR0.14 crores in the latest results. So, I
                  mean, there is an increase of around 200% in the interest cost. So, have we like taken any loan
                  or…


Khushboo Doshi:   No, as Mr. Daga has explained, we are totally debt-free and we have not taken any loan, or there
                  is no debt. But these are the things which, know, when you get into the high-value projects, there
                  is a performance-based bank guarantee, and the payment terms are a little different than direct
                  payment terms. So, that has resulted into an increase in the finance cost.


Daniel:           Well, okay. And just one last question. Do you have any targets in mind with respect to revenue
                  or margins for the next two, three years in the ballpark figure?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, we are expecting to have the growth from this figure to 15% to 18% in the top line, and we
                  are expecting our margins to remain at 8% to 10%.


Daniel:           Okay. Thank you so much for all the insights and wish you the very best. Thank you.


Khushboo Doshi:   Thank you, sir. Thank you.


Moderator:        Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from CCIPL. Please go ahead.


Keshav Garg:      Yes, ma'am. I am just trying to understand that what is the USP of our company and how do we
                  differentiate our products from the competition? And also, what is our pricing? I mean, is it at
                  par with competition, at premium to competition, or are we price warriors and basically selling
                  at a discount to competition?


Khushboo Doshi:   Okay. So, if you talk about the domestic competition, there is the price war, but then also we are
                  a little premium than the existing player. And our most important differential factor is the energy
                  efficiency, which is a recurring cost at the customer side. So, this is where our focus is on. And
                  if you talk about the world market, then we are 20% to 25% less expensive as compared to the
                  European and American player.


Keshav Garg:      Okay, ma'am. That's very heartening to know. And ma'am, at our current installed capacity, how
                  much is the peak production that we can generate provided demand is there?


Khushboo Doshi:   If the demand is there and the listing is right, then as you have witnessed that in Q4, we have
                  registered at INR71 crores, which is utilizing all the resources in one quarter. So, the current



                                          Page 10 of 20

===== PAGE 12 =====
                                                                                       Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                 May 16, 2023

                  capacity, if you talk about the total revenue, one can easily reach out to INR200 crores. And that
                  is why the plan of the expansion has been taken up.


Keshav Garg:      Right. And ma'am, you mentioned that we should be expecting around 8% margin for this
                  financial year. I'm talking about basically operating margin, EBITDA margin. But ma'am, in FY
                  ‘18, we reached 15% operating margin.


Khushboo Doshi:   No, I talked about the net margin, I think.


Keshav Garg:      Okay. Yes, ma'am. Thank you very much. And best of luck.


Khushboo Doshi:   Thank you, sir. Thank you. Next question is from the line of Raaj from Arjav Partners. Please
                  go ahead.


Raaj:             Yes. So, ma'am, you said you had clear pricing advantage when you do your exports, okay? So,
                  your prices are 20 to 25% lower compared to your peers in international space?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, in the international space?


Raaj:             So, when you do the peak sales of say, INR200 crores, so how much of exports can you push
                  out of those sales? Because since a year, you have a clear pricing advantage. So, I wanted to
                  know what exactly is stopping you from pushing the export sales?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes. So, if we talk about this financial year, we end up having the export for 35% of total revenue
                  and our target is to reach above 50%.


Raaj:             Okay, in FY ‘24?


Khushboo Doshi:   Correct.


Raaj:             Above 50%?


Khushboo Doshi:   50%, yes.


Raaj:             Okay. And also, I see in your PPT that you have launched a new sheet for...


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, sheet extrusion line for solar.


Raaj:             So, how big can this opportunity really get?


Khushboo Doshi:   See, currently, the market is flooded with some Chinese machines. So, this is a very good
                  opportunity as far as no Indian machinery is contributing into this space. We are the only one
                  and the kind of solar target which RPM has taken and not many PLICOM subsidies are available
                  for this solar industry. So, we see that there would be another requirement of 30 machines to 40
                  machines in next two to three years.


Raaj:             Okay. All right. Thank you.


                                          Page 11 of 20

===== PAGE 13 =====
                                                                                       Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                 May 16, 2023

Khushboo Doshi:   Thank you, sir.


Moderator:        Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neha Jain from Ortega Wealth. Please go ahead.


Neha Jain:        Good evening. Just had couple of questions. So, our new product that we have launched this
                  year, Lamina-E, just wanted to understand what is the potential and opportunity for the product
                  and where do we plan to export the product?


Khushboo Doshi:   Thank you. Mr. Jain, would you like to take this, please?


Sunil Jain:       See, this is a new product catering to the renewable energy sector. As of now, we are looking
                  more at the domestic market because that's where there's a huge capacity being invested in
                  developing solar energy modules, solar modules. So, export market, we are yet to explore, but
                  we do think that there is an export market. But currently, this is the first machine which we've
                  made and we want to first stabilize on the domestic market before getting into the export market.
                  So, we see no reason why we cannot get this to contribute at least 10% to 15% of our turnover.


Neha Jain:        Okay. So, with this new launch in the domestic market, how has the market reacted to the
                  product? What is the response of the customers?


Sunil Jain:       It has been very positive. The customers are quite satisfied. I mean, this is the first launch. The
                  customers are quite satisfied and the response is very encouraging. And we have been able to
                  come up with all the performance parameters matching the product.


Neha Jain:        So, with this product, do we see that this product might help us increase our market share?


Sunil Jain:       Absolutely. That's the whole idea of getting into this product.


Neha Jain:        So, market share in the domestic, right?


Sunil Jain:       Firstly, domestic and later on getting into exports.


Neha Jain:        All right. Okay. Got it. And what are like the key indicators of impacting the plastic extrusion
                  machinery in the industry? Like what are the key market trends?


Sunil Jain:       The key market trend, as Khushboo mentioned earlier, is more to do with energy efficiency and
                  then also getting into sustainability. Meaning coming up with extrusion solutions which are more
                  sustainable and recycled.


Neha Jain:        So, there is a possibility if Lamina E does well in the market, we might come up with new
                  products, develop new products.


Sunil Jain:       Absolutely.


Neha Jain:        Okay. Got it. So, as of now, we don't have anything in pipeline, right, sir? We're just trying to
                  focus to improve the market share of this product and then get into newer products?



                                          Page 12 of 20

===== PAGE 14 =====
                                                                                       Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                 May 16, 2023

Sunil Jain:       We continuously keep on innovating. So, it's a process. As and when we have some products,
                  we will definitely revert.


Neha Jain:        Okay. Just one last question, balance sheet question. So, the short-term borrowings have
                  increased during the year. So, is this mainly due to working capital requirements or is there any
                  other reason for it?


Management:       Can I take this question?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, sir.


Prakash Daga:     Yes. See that short-term borrowing represents one bill which was discounted against LC, export
                  invoices. Otherwise, we have not taken any borrowings. LC for 90 days was discounted. So, that
                  is only post-ship and credit we have with us.


Neha Jain:        Okay. Sure, sir. Thank you so much and good luck.


Khushboo Doshi:   Thank you.


Moderator:        Neha, do you have any follow-up question?


Neha Jain:        No, I'm done. Thank you. Thank you so much.


Moderator:        Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dewang, individual investor, please go ahead.


Dewang:           Sunil ji, again. I want to ask that I have calculated that if you grow sales by, I say, 20% and the
                  ROE would be, again, be equal to 10% only as the capex would increase the total assets. So,
                  what are your plans for to increase the ROE?


Sunil Jain:       Hello, shall I take this question, Ma’am.


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, yes please.


Sunil Jain:       Yes. See, as Ms. Doshi mentioned, the proposed expansion will be majorly into creation of
                  space, additional space for assembly line and some part of the capex would be enhancing the
                  capacity, engineering capacity. So, the major portion would be in creating infrastructure in terms
                  of building, land, additional space for assembly of the machines. So, that if you calculate,
                  considering that value of asset, then the ROE will definitely be at around 10%, but the major
                  chunk is going into building an asset, not in machinery.


Dewang:           But then also, the 10% ROE number is not good for such a decent company -- are there any
                  plans to expand this ROE number to 15, 20%?


Sunil Jain:       No, no. I am coming to your question. The additional space, which is being created under this
                  expansion project, it will be for another 10 years because, see, the space which is being created
                  will be accommodating the assembly line for a 15% growth or additional assembly of machines
                  for next 8 to 10 years. So, accordingly, it has to be calculated.

                                          Page 13 of 20

===== PAGE 15 =====
                                                                                         Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                   May 16, 2023

Dewang:           And the next question is, where, how you will fund the capex of INR25 crores? Would you take
                  that or any equity issuances?


Sunil Jain:       See, the company is having sufficient internal accruals as on date. So, right now, there are no
                  borrowing plans. It will be managed with the internal accruals only.


Moderator:        Next follow-up question is from the line of Meet, from Niveshaay. Please go ahead.


Meet:             So, my question is, when will capex start contributing to the revenue? So, Q1, Q2, any guidance?


Khushboo Doshi:   Sorry, sorry. I didn't get the question.


Meet:             So, new capex we are planning of INR22 crores, right? So, from when we can expect it will
                  contribute to the revenue? Q3, Q4, any guidance?


Khushboo Doshi:   It will contribute into the FY ‘24 revenue.


Meet:             Okay. And my question is, what will be your operating margin, not net margin? So, any guidance
                  for the operating margin?


Khushboo Doshi:   Prakash bhai, would you like to take this, please?


Prakash Daga:     The operating margin will somewhere remain between 12% to 15%.


Moderator:        Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Keshav Garg from CCIPMS. Please go
                  ahead.


Keshav Garg:      Ma'am, I am trying to understand. You mentioned that we can do around INR200 crores revenue
                  at full capacity and in fourth quarter we operated at full capacity. So, we had revenue INR71
                  crores in fourth quarter. So, ideally, we should be, our peak capacity should be around INR280
                  crores, like INR7 crores or INR28 crores. So, it's, but you mentioned INR200 crores. So, what
                  am I missing?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, you're missing that capacity cannot be utilized 100%. That's, I mean, that is a wistful
                  position, but practically it's not happening. So, capacity utilization has to be calculated as 80%
                  to 85%, not more than that.


Keshav Garg:      Sure, ma'am. Also, ma'am, we had a joint venture, Rajoo Bausano.


Khushboo Doshi:   Bausano.


Keshav Garg:      Yes. Right. So, ma'am, I don't think we have come out with consolidated results in which our
                  49% share of profits of that joint venture are included?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, since this was a quarterly thing, we didn't, but in the final year full report, you will get the
                  consolidation from that company as well.



                                           Page 14 of 20

===== PAGE 16 =====
                                                                                        Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                  May 16, 2023

Keshav Garg:      So, madam, is this like material to our numbers? Like, I mean, our 49% share of the profits, is
                  this significant or not really material?


Khushboo Doshi:   The company is around, I mean, the same company is doing a turnover of around INR30 crores.
                  So, that will be the numbers coming to our TNR.


Keshav Garg:      Madam, INR30 crores will be top line. And since it's 49% owned, so we'll not consolidate the
                  revenue part, only the 49% of the profits of that joint venture. So, madam, any idea you would
                  like to give the shareholders that what is the bottom line of that joint venture?


Khushboo Doshi:   If you talk about the margin there, the current margin would come around 10 to 12%.


Keshav Garg:      So, madam, this is profit after tax margin, NPM.


Khushboo Doshi:   Right, right.


Keshav Garg:      So, madam, approximately 1.5% would be our share of the profits.


Khushboo Doshi:   Right.


Keshav Garg:      And madam, lastly, just wanted to understand more about that renewable machine for solar films
                  that you talked about. So, madam, basically, what is the function of that film that our machine
                  will be manufacturing? I mean, where exactly does it help? I mean, is it replacing the glass on
                  the solar panel?


Khushboo Doshi:   No. Wherever you see the solar panel, you see the aluminium structure and glass. Photovoltaic
                  cells are inside and it is encapsulated by the sheet, which is being produced on the machine,
                  which we have developed. So, each and every solar panel currently is being installed with this
                  kind of a sheet and it will continue to use the same sheet.


Keshav Garg:      Right. So, madam, it is not as though it's a new application, it's an existing application, but it's
                  being imported and we are trying to make an import substitute. Is that?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, it is a new application for Rajoo. Rajoo has always been focused in the packaging sector,
                  considering the plastic, but with the same plastic and the same process, now we are focusing on
                  the renewable sector.


Keshav Garg:      Sure, madam. And madam, one last thing, madam, last year, government banned single-use
                  plastic. So, madam, is it, I mean, any impact on our company?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, there was an impact from the domestic market. And as a part of the strategy, we literally
                  got out of that particular segment when the ban is there. And with the same technology, we have
                  launched this EVA sheet line, which goes into the solar sector.


Moderator:        Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta, an Individual Investor. Please go
                  ahead.


                                          Page 15 of 20

===== PAGE 17 =====
                                                                                        Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                  May 16, 2023

Rohan Mehta:      Good afternoon, madam. Good afternoon, everybody. I just, from a macro perspective, I wanted
                  to ask, as it has been mentioned in the past also, that as a company, we are sort of exploring
                  other avenues away from plastic packaging also, as one of the measures to de-risk the business
                  and its dependence on plastic. So, any views, your thoughts on that, how that is progressing, and
                  what is the roadmap ahead on that aspect?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, absolutely. I mean, last time we also spoke about this. So, yes, of course, we have a
                  diversification plan, but as a part of the de-risking strategy, what we have started doing is that
                  we gather whatever the existing infrastructure and skills which as a group we have. So, what we
                  have done is maintaining the same technology, and with that technology, we are diversifying
                  into the different sectors.


                  So, the technology will remain the same, the plastic will remain the same, and the main material,
                  but we are catering into the infrastructure, we are catering into the agriculture, and now with this
                  solar sheet, we would be in a renewable. So, that is how we have started looking at. Probably,
                  down to two years down the line, there would be some more projects which is completely new
                  other than the plastic.


Rohan Mehta:      Okay. That's great. So, would we be also looking at collaborations with some other companies
                  in doing that, or all of that development would be in-house only?


Khushboo Doshi:   So, the current development in the renewable and agriculture is totally in-house, and the
                  technology is upgraded in the home, but of course, for other technologies, we remain open for
                  the collaboration or any other sort of association where the technology lies. So, yes, we as a
                  company are open for such opportunities, but currently, we are doing everything in-house.


Rohan Mehta:      Okay, okay. And ma’am, since we are making headway on new product development and
                  diversifying into the end applications, and we have a fair amount of exports also. So, in terms of
                  geographical expansion, do we have any sort of a vision as to enter any new geographies or
                  change the amount of revenue that is coming in from export as a complementary growth strategy
                  to the product development?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes. So, as I mentioned earlier, we are targeting Europe and CIS region and also targeting
                  Middle East


Rohan Mehta:      Okay, right. So, there is this new order of INR30 odd crores from a European manufacturer?


Khushboo Doshi:   Right, right.


Rohan Mehta:      So, is that going to be a one-time or can we expect a likelihood of repeat orders or how will that
                  work?


Khushboo Doshi:   See, this is a huge, the equipment is used, so the capacity is also used. So, once there, normally
                  in capital goods, we get the repeat order after two to three years depending on the growth story
                  of the customer. So, in this case, we are expecting that to be repeated with the same customer.



                                            Page 16 of 20

===== PAGE 18 =====
                                                                                       Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                 May 16, 2023

                  Of course, with this installation, we would be able to open up the door for many other similar
                  prospect in the market.


Rohan Mehta:      Right. Okay. And the revenue from this would start reflecting by next quarter or later on?


Khushboo Doshi:   Next quarter.


Rohan Mehta:      So, Q1 of the next financial year?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, yes, yes.


Rohan Mehta:      Okay. Okay, ma'am. And so, all right. So, right now, there is no partnership or collaboration on
                  the immediate horizon, right? Just to confirm?


Khushboo Doshi:   No. There are many in the pipeline, but nothing much to disclose about till we get some
                  finalization stage. But yes, so there is nothing much to disclose. Let me put it this way.


Moderator:        Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Mahindra Gala from H&M Associates.
                  Please go ahead.


Mahindra Gala:    I have a couple of questions. One is about the capex investment. Presently, sufficient to service
                  like a quarter ending March 23 showing INR71 crores of turnover. That shows that around
                  INR200 crores to INR250 crores of turnover we can generate from the existing capacity. Now,
                  can you understand that what is the additional capacity which we are going to build up so that
                  how much it will be running for like 100 crores, 200 crores or what is the targeted amount of the
                  revenue that we are expecting to generate from the new capacity?


Khushboo Doshi:   Sir, the capex which we have talked about that would be in a phase-wise manner. So, the first
                  thing we will only enhance our capacity by INR50 crores and FY ‘25, again, we will enhance
                  the capacity. So, this will happen in a phase-wise manner. But to answer your question, yes, with
                  the current capacity, we can do 200 and with the additional capacity, we would be able to do
                  250 or 275.


Mahindra Gala:    Okay. So, it will be around, say, 30% expansion?


Khushboo Doshi:   Right.


Mahindra Gala:    And the investment that we are looking at is something around INR20 crores to INR25 crores.
                  Will it be in the phase manner as you said in FY ‘24, FY ‘25 and so on?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, it will be spread over two years.


Mahindra Gala:    Okay. And what is the exact, exactly the INR20 crores to INR25 crores will be and percentage
                  to the existing investment that we have made up, sir?


Khushboo Doshi:   Sorry, sorry.



                                            Page 17 of 20

===== PAGE 19 =====
                                                                                       Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                 May 16, 2023

Mahindra Gala:    The expansion that we are looking at is in 30%. And what is the exact amount of investment that
                  we have at present, like in the 100% that we are looking at, like?


Khushboo Doshi:   Prakash bhai.


Prakash Daga:     So, Mr. Gala, if I am correctly understanding your question, then you are asking about the phase-
                  wise investment of the…


Mahindra Gala:    No, phase-wise, madam has clarified the phase-wise. I am just understanding that 30% is the
                  total investment that we are going to make. And what is the existing capacity is something
                  around INR200 crores to INR250 crores of turnover. What exactly it is amounting is to the
                  existing one, like 30% is the revenue that we are going to generate. But what is the investment
                  that we are going to make is percentage to the existing that we are having?


Prakash Daga:     See, there will be initial investment will be in creating an additional space in phase one.


Khushboo Doshi:   No, that is not the question. Okay, go on, Go on, Prakash bhai. Sorry.


Prakash Daga:     Yes. So, if I am correctly understanding, what Mr. Gala is asking is, what is the existing capex,
                  which has already been incurred?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes. Right.


Prakash Daga:     So, it is somewhere around INR2.5 crores, which is shown as capital work in progress.


Mahindra Gala:    No, sir, I am talking about the revenue generation is INR200 crores to INR250 crores of turnover.
                  So, it is on what capex that we are generating on this. That is what my question is.


Prakash Daga:     The current, see current asset block is -- The current asset block is INR35 crores.


Mahindra Gala:    So, we are able to generate on INR35 crores something around say INR200 crores to INR250
                  crores. And now we are planning the INR22 crores to INR25 crores of investment and we are
                  looking for something INR70 crores to INR75 crores of an additional turnover, right?


Prakash Daga:     Right.


Mahindra Gala:    And this all investment would be in the building as you explained or is there any other plans that
                  is in pipeline?


Khushboo Doshi:   So, there would be building, there would be tools and also investment in the further team
                  building because we need more people in the R&D and of course in the sales and marketing.


Mahindra Gala:    Okay. And one more question is about, we are looking for an around an export of 50% this year
                  going to be the product mix of the current year. So, what is on the margin side? Whether the
                  domestic and the export margins are the same that company is able to earn or is there any
                  difference compared to the indirect tax benefits? Sorry, sorry madam, we are looking at the



                                          Page 18 of 20

===== PAGE 20 =====
                                                                                        Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                  May 16, 2023

                  indirect tax benefits that company has on the exports. So, what is going to be the margin on the
                  local domestic turnover and the export turnover like that?


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, Prakash sir.


Prakash Daga:     See, the indirect tax benefit which you are talking about is normally the GST benefit otherwise
                  the earlier MEIS and all benefits have been withdrawn already. So, only the GST percentage is
                  the cost difference between exports and domestic and that is also all our export customers are
                  much aware about it. So, it does not give any additional benefit in terms of margins. It is only
                  the price, basic price which we negotiate with the customers and that gives the margins.


Mahindra Gala:    So, you mean to say there is an equal amount of a margin on the domestic and the exports?


Prakash Daga:     No, it might be different, it might be different depends on the customers…


Khushboo Doshi:   Yes, it will be different, it will be different and because the domestic market the need of domestic
                  market is less sophistication and less automation in the machine and the technology where export
                  demands more which also contributes into the margin. So, export margin will be more as
                  compared to domestic.


Mahindra Gala:    Okay, so as we understood that the domestic the total size right now is 15% to 17% of the gross
                  revenue. So, in terms of the domestic and in terms of an export can you just mention about what
                  is going to be the margin size on the export side?


Khushboo Doshi:   If you talk about the net margin in domestic it is extremely price sensitive market. So, you can
                  say a 4% to 5% where incomes it comes to export it is nearly 30% to 35% more.


Mahindra Gala:    Okay, thanks a lot.


Prakash Daga:     Mr. Gala, are you there?


Mahindra Gala:    Yes, please I am there.


Prakash Daga:     Mr. Gala, you had a question regarding that cash flow, if I remember. So, it is just because we
                  had discounted by bill against LC which was around 1.5 Crores and so it has been net of against
                  the cash and bank balance sheet, that is the only thing.


Mahindra Gala:    Because there is something written in the notes as a bank overdraft. So, I thought that…


Prakash Daga:     It is not an overdraft, it is a bill discounted against LC. There was an LC of 90 days which has
                  been discounted.


Mahindra Gala:    Because there is a mention of an in the bracket size something bank over less bank overdraft
                  something is mentioned on that. Yes. I thought whether it is a bank overdraft because there is an
                  enough of cash flow, I do not think Rajoo has any time need the funds or shortage of funds, I
                  think.


                                            Page 19 of 20

===== PAGE 21 =====
                                                                                         Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                                                                                   May 16, 2023

Prakash Daga:     Exactly, I agree.


Mahindra Gala:    Yes. Thank you, sir.


Moderator:        Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Khushboo Chandrakant Doshi for closing
                  comments.


Khushboo Doshi:   So, I would like to thank you all for taking the time out and attending this call. I am also thankful
                  to each member of our Rajoo Engineers family, as well as our clients, creditors, banks, financial
                  institutes and all of the stakeholders. For any other further questions or information, please get
                  in touch with our investor relationship. Thank you very much.


Moderator:        Thank you very much. On behalf of Rajoo Engineers Limited, that concludes this conference.
                  Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.




                                          Page 20 of 20
