===== PAGE 1 =====
REF: BSE/Reg. 30 & 46(2)(ao)/2023-24.                                   April 21, 2024

 To,
 BSE Limited
 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
 Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001.
 BSE Scrip Code: 522257
 BSE Script ID: RAJOO

 Sub: Submission of Transcript of the Investor Earning Call dated April 18, 2024 on
 Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the quarter and year
 ended March 31, 2024.

 Ref: Regulation 30 and 46 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing
 Obligations and Disclosures Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (SEBI Listing
 regulations).

 Dear Sir/Madam,

 With reference to the captioned subject and pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30
 and 46(2)(ao) of SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the transcript
 of the Company’s Investor Earning Conference call held on April 18, 2024 on Audited
 Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results for the fourth quarter and year ended
 March 31, 2024.

 The above transcript of the Company’s Investor Earning conference call shall be hosted
 on the website of the Company at www.rajoo.com.

 Kindly take the same on your record and acknowledge the receipt of the same.

 Thanking you.
 Yours faithfully,
 For Rajoo Engineers Limited
  DOSHI            Digitally signed by DOSHI
                   KHUSHBOO
  KHUSHBOO         CHANDRAKANT
                   Date: 2024.04.21 15:05:40
  CHANDRAKANT +05'30'
 Khushboo C. Doshi
 Managing Director
 (DIN: 00025581)

 Encl: a/a

===== PAGE 2 =====
                                    Rajoo Engineers Limited
                                    Earnings Conference Call
                                         April 18, 2024




Moderator:           Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and Welcome to Q4 and FY24 Earnings Conference Call of
                     Rajoo Engineers hosted by Adfactors PR. This conference call may contain forward contain
                     forward-looking statements which are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the
                     company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of future
                     performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.


                     As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
                     opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need
                     assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on
                     your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.


                     I now hand the conference over to Ms. Khushboo Chandrakant Doshi – Managing Director
                     from Rajoo Engineers Limited. Thank you and over to you, Ms. Doshi.


Khushboo C. Doshi:   Thank you. Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Conference Call for Rajoo Engineers
                     Limited for the fourth quarter and full year concluded on 31st March 24. It's a pleasure to
                     have you all here. We appreciate your presence here today. Joining us on this call with me –
                     Mr. Sunil Jain our Executive Director, Mr. Prakash Daga – Chief Financial Officer and our
                     Investor Relation team Adfactors PR.


                     Let me start with the market scenario and some recent developments for that. India has the
                     potential to emerge as a global plastic products producer. Global extrusion machinery market
                     size was estimated at USD 8.33 billion in 22 and is expected to reach 11.6 billion USD by 2030.
                     The demand for plastic extrusion machines is soaring as there is a growing need for extruded
                     plastic products from several end use segments such as packaging, consumer goods,
                     construction and automotive.


                     This preliminary gives the growth of the global plastic extrusion machine market. The
                     domestic plastic product market is expected to grow threefold to reach Rs. 10 lakh crore by
                     27-28. The export of plastic products are expected to grow from 40,000 crore to Rs. 1,00,000
                     crore reflecting the global acceptance of Indian products. This is an excellent opportunity for
                     the Indian industry, and we must make the most of it as more plastic products implies more
                     plastic processing machinery.




                                          Page 1 of 15

===== PAGE 3 =====
Speaking of our company's performance, I'm delighted to present exceptional financial
achievements of Rajoo engineers for the fourth quarter and year ended 2024. Throughout
this period, the company has showcased remarkable growth and commitment characterized
by notable milestones such as elevated production levels, augmented machinery dispatches
and robust order book.


I'm very happy to share that our revenue for the year crossed Rs.197 Cr which is a testament
to the hard work and dedication of our team and focused efforts on the chart strategies
charted out in FY23. This is just the one step the overall growth strategy. This positive
momentum underscores the effectiveness of the company's strategic initiatives and
highlights its ability to capitalize on the emerging opportunities in the market.


Our order book has reached new heights reflecting the trust and confidence of our customer
in our solutions. We are committed to ensuring that these orders are fulfilled promptly and
with the highest standard of quality further solidifying our reputation in the world market.


During the year, we bet a high value order from one of the leading manufacturers of farm
machinery and equipment based out of Europe. This prestigious order is for our cutting-edge
Blown Film lines. This machine is used to manufacture silo bags as per the needs and
requirements of the customer. This innovative solution represents our ongoing commitment
to provide the solution in the agriculture industry with the state-of-the-art equipment that
enhance efficiency and product quality.


I am pleased to announce the successful delivery of two prestigious projects in the category
of sheet extrusion system, each boasting an impressive output around 800 kilograms per
hour. This project will be present significant milestone for our company and underscore our
commitment to delivering excellence in the field of manufacturing. Our supplies to Cosmo
Films and Berry Global. Two of India's industry giants fixed volume about our reputation for
reliability and innovation. This partnership not only demonstrates our capability to meet the
demanding requirements of leading players in the market, but also signifies the trust they
have placed in our expertise and technology.


I am thrilled to share our latest milestone in innovation and technology. The enhancement in
technology for our existing Five Layer Brown Film line range. This initiative represents a
significantly proven as we prepared to launch India's first ever high output, Five Layer Brown
Film Line. With an impressive output of 800 kilograms per hour and the line speed exceeding
150 meters per minute, this cutting-edge technology sets a new standard in the industry
competing with global leaders offering value for money for our customers.


Moreover, on April 16th 2024 we celebrated the inauguration of our new facility marking the
significant expansion in our operational capacity. With an additional 21,000 square feet




                     Page 2 of 15

===== PAGE 4 =====
dedicated to assembly, we are poised to streamline production processes and meet growing
demand with efficiency and reduced lead times.


Notably our commitment to excellence extend to the establishment of a dedicated 7000
square feet space for quality control, underscoring our unwavering focus on elevating quality
standards across all facets of our operations. This investment underscore our dedication in
delivering superior products and services positioning us for the sustained growth and
customer satisfaction in the ever evolving market landscape.


I'm pleased to inform you that in line with our commitment to enhancing the shareholder
value, the company bought back 26,176 equity shares at a price of Rs. 210 each in assurance
of shareholders special resolution dated 17 January 2024. The decision to conduct a share
buyback can stand from a variety of strategic considerations such as efficient utilization of
capital, given value to early shareholders wanting to exit and driven by a positive future
outlook.


By repurchasing trainer, a company aimed to enhance value for shareholders by potential
increasing earnings per share and this thing returns. Additionally, such action signals
confidence in the company's financial strength and future prospects serving as a tangible
expression of the management's beliefs in the company's ability to generate sustainable
growth and shareholders value. Our strategic region is extensive and comprehensive. We are
broadening our international presence entering into the new markets, investing significantly
in research and development to create a more energy efficient product and adopting the
digital solution to provide better customer experience.


The core of our approach remains our customer and our goal is to continuously exceed their
expectations. We have a robust plan to stay ahead of the competition by developing or
acquiring technology which is adjacent to our existing portfolio to offer complete solutions in
the sector. Continuously optimizing manufacturing cost and standardization of the existing
products that can give us an edge over the competitors not only from India, but globally as
well.


Looking forward, our focus is on procuring a significant portion of the market in
infrastructure, agriculture, electronics and renewable energy sectors. However, our vision
extends beyond near our market dominance. We are dedicated to fostering inclusion and
diversity within our workforce with commitment to allocate 81% of total employment
opportunities for women and 2% for a differently able human beings.


Furthermore, under our sustainability programs we are determined to make significant stride
towards reducing our carbon footprint. We aim to satisfy 65% of our total electricity needs
through renewable energy sources, preliminary through the expansion of our existing solar




                     Page 3 of 15

===== PAGE 5 =====
                park. This reflects our unwavering commitment to environmentally responsible practices and
                emphasize our commitment to driving positive change both within our industry and beyond.


                We are enthusiastic about the journey that lies ahead. Our objective is clear. We aim to
                create the long term value for our old stakeholders. So with this brief note, I would like to
                hand over to Mr. Prakash Daga, our Chief Financial Officer to take us through the financial
                performance of the company. Thank you.


Prakash Daga:   Thank you, Ms. Doshi. Let me brief the quarterly financial performance. Revenue from
                operations for the quarter was Rs. 52.68 crores in quarter 4 FY24 as against Rs. 71.43 crores
                in quarter four FY23. A year-on-year decrease of 26.26%. This was mainly due to delay in the
                balance of payment and lifting of machines by the customers. Since lead time of the order
                execution ranges from 4 to 9 months and it can exceed even 9 months in some orders.


                EBITDA excluding other income was at Rs. 8.96 crores in quarter four FY24 as against Rs. 6.47
                crores in quarter four FY23. Increase of 38.45% on a year-on-year basis due to higher capacity
                utilization and improvement in operational efficiencies during the current quarter. The
                EBITDA margin was at was at 17.02% as against 9.06% YoY increase of 796 basis points.


                Profit after tax stood at Rs. 7.08 crores in quarter four FY24 compared to Rs. 5.39 crores in
                quarter four FY23 YoY increase of 31.35%. The PAT margin was at 13.45% as against 7.55%
                YoY increase of 590 basis points. Earnings per shares stood at Rs. 1.15 in quarter four FY24
                compared to Rs. 0.88 in quarter four FY23 YoY increase of 30.68%.


                Now coming to our full year financial performance. Revenue from operations for the year
                ended was Rs. 197.35 crores in FY24 as against Rs. 159.79 crores in FY23. A YoY increase of
                23.51% on account of intensive efforts by a larger sales team, a sales team and entry into new
                territories coupled with revived demand for sheet extrusion lines and thermoformers. EBITDA
                excluding other income was at Rs. 26.68 crores in FY24 as against Rs. 14.02 crores in FY23
                increase of 90.35% YoY on account of increase in sales, higher capacity utilization and
                improved operational efficiencies.


                EBITDA margin was at 13.52% as against 8.77% YoY increase of 475 basis points, a conscious
                standardization of products helps to optimize raw material and other operating costs during
                the year. Profit after tax was Rs. 21.01 crore in FY24 compared to Rs. 11.49 crores in FY23.
                YoY increase of 82.86%. PAT margin was Rs. above 10.65% as against 7.19% YoY increase of
                346 basis points. Earnings per share today to Rs. 3.41 per share in FY24 compared to Rs. 1.87
                in FY23 YoY increase of 82.35%.


                With this now I'm happy to open the floor for any questions you may have. Thank you for
                your attention.




                                     Page 4 of 15

===== PAGE 6 =====
Moderator:           Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question and answer session. The first question is
                     from the line of Manoj from Rajani Enterprises. Please go ahead.


Manoj:               Sir first question was a book keeping question. So has there been an acquisition of assets
                     during the period as I can see like the increase in the plant equipment, so just basically that in
                     FY24?


Prakash Daga:        There was a CAPEX of 9.33 crores during the FY24 and it was mainly into land we had
                     purchase adjacent land for the expansion and considered building as well on that.


Manoj:               And like secondly wanted to know like basic trends that you have noticed in the plastic
                     extrusion machinery and for the next year as well like FY25 and FY26, if you could just guide
                     something on that?


Prakash Daga:        Ms Doshi, would you like to take this Question?


Khushboo C. Doshi:   As I mentioned the kind of growth we are witnessing in the sectors like selling consumer
                     goods, construction and automating that is very encouraging and that is leading the growth in
                     the plastic extrusion machinery worldwide.


                     When the recent development in electronic vehicle is also opening up a revenue stream
                     which may contribute in the future for the extrusion machinery.


Manoj:               So it will be for the FY26 as well?


Khushboo C Doshi:    Yes.


Manoj:               And ma'am any kind of numerical guidance if you could that just an approximate figure?


Khushboo C Doshi:    If we talk about the global market the current market size is USD 8.33 billion which was
                     reported in 2022 and the expected to grow and reach at USD 11.6 billion by 2030. And if we
                     talk about the domestic market the domestic market product is expected to grow threefold
                     to reach to Rs. Rs. 1,00,000 Crore by 27-28.


                     So as far as domestic and global markets are concerned it is growing and we feel that there is
                     a huge opportunity for the products which we manufacture.


Manoj:               I am sorry ma'am actually if this might be a repeat question from last concall. So what is the
                     market size that we can address that would really help?


Khushboo C Doshi:    Yeah, this is the best part in the entire marketplace, which is huge and we are doing only of
                     Rs. 200 cr. So there is a great opportunity and we plan to expand our footprint in the various
                     geographic location outside India. And if you talk about the domestic market for the



                                           Page 5 of 15

===== PAGE 7 =====
                horizontal sheet extrusion and thermoforming machine we hold 80% of market shares and in
                the global market those market shares are peanuts and there is a huge opportunity to reach
                out to all of them.


                If you talk about the vertical extrusion systems which is Blown Film Line and other products
                we hold in the domestic market nearly 60% of the market share which also again giving us an
                opportunity to grow and in the export market again it's a peanut which is again giving us an
                opportunity there.


Manoj:          And just one last question on mainly on the working capital cycle. So I can just notice an
                extension of the inventory days of like from I guess 130 days to 190 days or something like
                that if I'm not wrong and also there has been an increase in the payable days like kind of just I
                guess about 10 days to 15 days.


                So has there been in like difficulty from the just the creditor side for us and also like what
                factors are having contributing to this change like I mean this is an industry wide
                phenomenon just like one of our company that's my question.


Prakash Daga:   Let me explain it. see the inventory days have increased due to higher inventory level at the
                year end on account of time gap between the production and lifting of machines, back-to-
                back procurement of high lead time for components against high volume orders.


                However, it's a temporary increase in the inventory and we hope it will be back to normal
                during next two quarters. Second question was about payable days which has increased. It is
                due to back-to-back procurement of high lead time components against high volume orders.
                Now see, due to this Red Sea crisis the important components what we are importing from
                Europe and other countries the lead time has increased. To overcome that increased lead
                time we have to increase the inventory levels, but the company has ensured that the longer
                holding time of the inventories is accommodated with longer payment obligations is import
                consignments with higher usanse LCs. So overall, the net working capital cycle has
                temporarily increased to 165 days. However, see in our case we are following order based
                production. So the entire inventory that we are holding we can say it is sold inventory.


Manoj:          So like you said in the next couple of quarters so first half we can see some normalization in
                the working capital cycle correct?


Prakash Daga:   Yes we hope it will be normalized because we will let us see how this Red Sea crisis and all
                takes place and secondly the dependency on the customers with lifting of the order. So these
                are the two factors. We hope it will normalize the next two quarter and we can be back to
                normal levels.




                                      Page 6 of 15

===== PAGE 8 =====
Moderator:          Thank you. Next question is from the line of RK Laddha from Yash Investments. Please go
                    ahead.


RK Laddha:          I just want to get some clarity is there any replacement demand for our machinery as read in
                    your presentation that now at present 2,00,000 or more machines are presently in operation
                    then what is the average age for our machine?


Khushboo C Doshi:   So generally, the average age use to be at 20 years reduced to a 10 years because the
                    technology upgradation. Nowadays, It is so fast that processors may feel like upgrading the
                    technology or enhancing it within 10years.


RK Laddha:          Then is there a good replacement demand also?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Yes, there is a good replacement demand as well and there is good demand for the
                    refurbishment as well which is again a different revenue stream opening up for us.


Moderator:          Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahul Khanna from ABS Global Investments.
                    Please go ahead.


Rahul Khanna:       I just had a question that looking at the growth, what kind of revenue and margins are we
                    expecting for the coming fiscal year and also if you can guide for the next 2 years?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Yeah, considering this year and the kind of order booking we have, we are targeting to grow
                    by another 17% to 20% in terms of revenue by next year with improved EBITDA margin at
                    around 13% to 15%.


Rahul Khanna:       And ma'am these margins are we looking these as a sustainable margins?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Yes.


Moderator:          Thank you. Next question is from the Raj from Arjav Partners. Please go ahead.


Raj:                How much is the order book currently?


Sunil Jain:         Currently, the order book is about 140 crores and we expect in the next 6 months to 9
                    months these orders will be executed.


Raj:                And how much is the current pipeline are we seeing?


Sunil Jain:         Pipeline is to put a figure to it is very difficult because you're looking at a global level, but I
                    would say we are very bullish because the market and the demand are increasing. As was
                    mentioned earlier, they're getting into new geographies. So we have a good pipeline I would




                                          Page 7 of 15

===== PAGE 9 =====
                    say of at least about 800 crores, but it all depends upon the conversion rate from pipeline to
                    order booking.


Raj:                So how much is the average pipe and conversion rate pipeline to order book just some rough
                    figure?


Sunil Jain:         Roughly, you're looking at the current pipeline of 1000 crores. We are looking at that getting
                    at least 1:5 would be the conversion depending on territory to territory.


Raj:                Also, how much is the CAPEX are you planning to incur for FY25 and FY26?


Khushboo C Doshi:   For the next year we are looking at around 15 cr of CAPEX in the tools mainly on the CNC
                    machines imported ones. So, that would be there and for next to next year more CAPEX
                    would be on the again the space creation.


Raj:                And who are our main peers in our segment?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Sorry.


Raj:                I am asking who are our main peers in our segment?


Khushboo C Doshi:   There are two if we talk about the European competitors, there are three major players 2
                    from Germany and 1 from Italy. And if you talk about the domestic market there are also two
                    big player in the domestic market, Windsor machines and carbon extrusion.


Raj:                And we compete with them on the basis of price for quality?


Khushboo C Doshi:   No, we compete with them on the bases of technology, purely based on the technology
                    because these two competitors are double in the age of Rajoo Engineers. So we compete in
                    terms of technology.


Raj:                So our works are comparatively higher price to an extent.


Khushboo C Doshi:   I would say the higher technology that leads to a little price increase.


Management:         And if I may add to that when we talk about higher technology in terms of energy efficiency
                    we really give our value for money and that very well justify as being the revenue
                    expenditure. It very well justifies the premium which they would be given to us.


Moderator:          Thank you. The next question is from the line of Supan Parikh individual investor. Please go
                    ahead.




                                           Page 8 of 15

===== PAGE 10 =====
Supan Parikh:       So I'll just couple of questions. So like my first question would be are we facing any challenges
                    like in case of manpower or logistic over the period of time?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Which business doesn't face this. We are facing and of course Rajkot where our base is also
                    coming up with the great engineering hub that also creates a security of manpower, but we
                    could we are able to I mean if we talk about the current manpower situation at Rajoo
                    Engineers more than 60% are the employees with us since last more than 10 years, 20 years,
                    25 years. So we are always blessed with the people around and we are not really struggling
                    with the wind power, but of course it's a normal routine business challenges which we face
                    when we are quite well able to handle that the same. And as far as the supply chain is
                    concerned, Mr. Daga talked about the Red Sea crises and all. So those are the things which is
                    causing an hurdle in the export market for us. For the domestic market more or less things
                    are pretty much under control.


Supan Parikh:       So I just wanted to ask about the Red Sea which are the major countries like we export to?


Sunil Jain:         Yeah, we go as far as in Colombia, in Peru and then coming back in this part of the world.
                    Then there is Africa, there's Nigeria, Kenya, South Africa. Then getting into we have already
                    have a strong presence in Vietnam, Malaysia, Thailand. See when we talk about the Red Sea
                    crisis is not only exports. It is also availability of vessels and the logistics issue because we do
                    use some equipment which is important. So that affects the lead times. So when we are
                    talking about these geopolitical crisis it does affect from all the operations and we are able to
                    manage it by proper planning.


Supan Parikh:       So I also wanted to ask what are the major industries like in Indian regions you serve the
                    most?


Sunil Jain:         Major what?


Supan Parikh:       Major industries in India like in which you used to work domestically?


Khushboo C Doshi:   If I may take the major industries we cater to currently is a flexible packaging and the semi
                    rigid packaging sector.


Supan Parikh:       This is just your new targets I'm just asking. So are there any targets in your mind for the
                    revenues and margin for the next 2 years, 3 years?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Yeah, I think I already talked about it. We are targeting about 20% growth by next year and in
                    EBITDA would be in a range of 13% to 15%.


Supan Parikh:       And what is the current trend in plastic extrusion market if you may say a bit?


Sunil Jain:         Are we talking about domestic or global?



                                          Page 9 of 15

===== PAGE 11 =====
Supan Parikh:   Both.


Sunil Jain:     If we talk about the global in the sector which we are operating it should be in the region of
                about 40,000 or 50,000 crores. And as Khushboo rightly mentioned the overall plastic
                processing machinery our presence is negligible as a country. So that is surely going up now.
                People have started looking at India. If we look at the domestic situation the industries which
                we cater to because there is another industry the raffia industry which should be about 2000
                crores, but we are not in that industry. But otherwise, the industry would be in the clear
                region of 1500 crores putting all the extrusion and thermoforming in products together.


Supan Parikh:   So are we taking any steps as for the industry trend?


Sunil Jain:     our strategy is that since we are in extrusion, extrusion itself caters to a lot of other
                industries. So, if we talk about the Industrial trend, when we talk about flexible packaging we
                already mentioned about new technologies which we have come up with, but extrusion itself
                also caters to sheet extrusions and there is a growing trend in the renewable energy segment,
                more specifically the solar energy segment and that's an area which we are looking at. So
                plastics is plastics, it can be used in packaging, it can be used in infrastructures, used in
                agriculture and all these are growing markets.


Supan Parikh:   I just mentioned about solar I have one question over there is like what is the market share of
                solar and like how much opportunity we have in that solar phase going forward?


Sunil Jain:     The opportunity with so much of government support and recently you may be aware Prime
                Minister Surya Ghar Muft Bijli Yojana which would mean solar panels being installed on
                households and then there is a PLI schemes for solar modules and even wafers. So the
                industry is going to definitely grow and we cater to one of the components which goes into
                manufacturing of solar modules. So that’s the industry it's an additional sector which we are
                adding to our portfolio using the same our forte being extrusion.


Supan Parikh:   So will be doing any CAPEX for this particular thing like for solar in future?


Sunil Jain:     Yes, we already have supplied a machine and we have good pipeline of enquiries now
                because the government came up with anti-dumping duty on both the solar modules and
                solar cells which is encouraging a lot of domestic production. Otherwise people would have
                just imported stuff from China. So with local manufacturing coming up we are confident that
                the requirement for machines will go up and we are ready with the solutions already tried
                and tested so all geared up.


Supan Parikh:   Also just add a question. Can you throw some light on the machinery which we manufacture
                for solar space?




                                     Page 10 of 15

===== PAGE 12 =====
Khushboo C Doshi:   So when you have a solar panels, there is a solar cells inside and those cells has to be
                    encapsulated by the sheet which is EVA Ethylene-vinyl acetate and this EVA sheet getting
                    extruded from the machines which we manufacture. So this is the product which we offer to
                    the solar sector.


Supan Parikh:       So are we like giving out this sheets to the clients who may we send this machine?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Yes, we have supplied machine in domestic market, existing player called Navitas Alpha. They
                    are into manufacturing of sheets and also solar panels.


Supan Parikh:       And my last question which I would like to ask is about POE sheet like which we manufacture,
                    what is the status on that?


Khushboo C Doshi:   POE sheet is the next version after of technology of EVA sheet and our machines are quite
                    capable to process that material because basically the machines remain same and the
                    material which you process the polymers that gets changed. So our machines are capable of
                    processing the POE as well.


Moderator:          Thank you very much. Next question is from the line of Sriram R our Individual investor.
                    Please go ahead.


Sriram R:           I have two questions. So one is how much was your exports for Q4 and also for the full year
                    FY24. Second question is what is broadly the application split like earlier you have given this
                    figure flexible packaging, semi rigid, agri, solar etcetera?


Prakash Daga:       See export for this year FY24 was 45% of total revenue and industry wise if you talk about
                    then we are supplying in different segments which I will just split. Yeah, supply to flexible
                    packaging industry during the FY24 was around 63% of total sales. Then there was
                    agricultural sector and semi rigid packaging as well. Semi rigid was 25% and others in
                    agriculture and infrastructure segment.


Moderator:          Thank you. Next question is from the line of Diana Arora from JD Financials. Please go ahead.


Diana Arora:        Sir my first question would be in our export market like which regions account for most
                    orders?


Sunil Jain:         Latin America would be about 10%, Vietnam would be about 30%, Africa and South Africa
                    would be the rest.


Diana Arora:        Sir, which regions of countries have shown significant growth potential for the company's
                    product?




                                         Page 11 of 15

===== PAGE 13 =====
Sunil Jain:         Let me reiterate what I have said earlier. If you look at the global market presence of Indian
                    companies is hardly there. So wherever you touch there is growth, but if we talk about
                    specific markets in our industry specifically talking about flexible packaging, there's a huge
                    growth in the Latin American market with the consumer segment demanding more and more
                    packed foods. Africa as usual because they have specific products which definitely need
                    flexible packaging. So both these markets are giving us good traction and Vietnam, Malaysia,
                    Thailand again good growth and flexible packaging.


Diana Arora:        And sir as you said that the presence of Indian companies is low in this area. So are there any
                    further geographic expansion that we're targeting?


Sunil Jain:         We are looking at the CIS countries right now and that's a good growth opportunity for us.


Diana Arora:        We are seeing that the demand in the packaging industry has increased over a period of time.
                    So how do we anticipate this demand to be in the near future?


Sunil Jain:         I don't think people have a choice but to buy packed foods. So we do see that flexible
                    packaging or packaging as such growing by at least 6%, 7% total packaging and out of that
                    plastic packaging would definitely be growing at 12% to 15%.


Diana Arora:        What will be the domestic and global share in terms of Q4 and FY24?


Prakash Daga:       Quarter four FY24 the domestic share was around 70% and 30% for the exports. Again on
                    annualized basis for the full year the domestic was 55% and exports was 45%.


Diana Arora:        Have there been any strategic partnerships for collaborations established in this financial year
                    to drive the growth?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Well, there is many in the pipeline. We have not concluded so far, but we are aggressively
                    working on this initiative. Probably we may have some good news at the end of the year.


Diana Arora:        And as the industries rapidly growing. So are there any challenges that we have been facing,
                    especially in terms of manpower, government policies, shipping lines, logistics and such and
                    such thing?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Well, as I mentioned earlier the manpower and the supply chain issues as every business
                    faces that those are the normal routine challenges which we are facing at this point of time.
                    We do not fall under any kind of a PLI scheme or any other schemes from the government
                    side as of now. But probably after the election there could be some good news as far as the
                    PM is announcing to have the 10 kg of atta bag for each and every person of India. So all
                    those kind of activities may boost up our revenue streams.


Diana Arora:        And what would be your current capacity utilization?



                                        Page 12 of 15

===== PAGE 14 =====
Khushboo C Doshi:   We are currently utilizing 80% which is I would say that's full now and that's why we have
                    invested in the new land and building which is adjacent to our existing premises. So with that
                    new thing we would be able to add another 25% to 30% of our capacity.


Diana Arora:        Can you throw some light on any new product segment that we are planning to move into
                    beyond plastic packaging?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Beyond packaging we are targeting agriculture, renewable and electronics. So these are the
                    segments which we are targeting and we are moving slowly in that segment with our
                    solutions.


Diana Arora:        And have there been any notable changes in customer demand patterns in regional or
                    regional market dynamics?


Sunil Jain:         Again going back to what I said earlier, people are preferring more and more packed foods
                    than e-commerce is a big growth driver because that demands flexible packaging and that
                    kind of attraction one sees both within the country and overseas. So, consumer trend is
                    definitely going in for more packaged foods which necessitates flexible packaging. And as you
                    were talking about earlier renewable energy, solar is another growth driver which is not really
                    consumer demand, but it is demand from the industry which is going to benefit us.


Diana Arora:        And my last question would be how have we managed fluctuations in raw material prices and
                    supply chain challenges?


Prakash Daga:       If you talk about FY24 the prices of raw material is more or less remain stable and there were
                    no major fluctuations and the only thing which was a challenge for us is this increase in lead
                    time due to Red Sea crises and there are some disruptions in supply chain. So to mitigate that
                    we have already increased our inventory because it is back-to-back booked against the
                    orders. So price fluctuations during the current year at least we have not faced any
                    challenges.


Moderator:          Thank you. Next question is from the line of Naman Parmar from Niveshaay Investment
                    Advisory. Please go ahead.


Naman Parmar:       I just wanted to know what is your average price realization of the flexible packaging
                    machinery?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Yeah, average price realization would be around for the flexible packaging there are also
                    various segment and the size of the technology differs, but you one can say that it ranges
                    from 10% to 15%.


Naman Parmar:       And for semi rigid?




                                          Page 13 of 15

===== PAGE 15 =====
Khushboo C Doshi:   Semi rigid one can say 15% to 20%.


Naman Parmar:       You are selling for 15% to 20% of what?


Khushboo C Doshi:   That's the margin I'm talking about the growth margin.


Sunil Jain:         I think the price realization see because of the customization let us say in flexible packaging,
                    the ticket size would range from even 1 crores and going up to 10 crores. It depends on the
                    output levels and the width. Semi rigid packaging again can go up from 1 crore to 2-6-7
                    crores.


Naman Parmar:       And currently you are saying you are going into the solar module part. So how much of
                    revenue you are expecting from the renewable side and let's say from next 2 years down the
                    line?


Khushboo C Doshi:   We are expecting another 20 to 25 Cr in the next 2 years from this segment.


Naman Parmar:       And currently you have tell about the CAPEX of 9 to 10 crore. This is for the only land or it is
                    for the tools also.


Khushboo C Doshi:   No, currently it is for the land and building. The tools as I mentioned in the previous
                    discussion, it will be for this year.


Naman Parmar:       So the total CAPEX would be of 15 crore for FY25?


Khushboo C Doshi:   Yes 10 to 15 crore.


Moderator:          Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Arora, an Individual Investor. Please go
                    ahead.


Nikhil Arora:       But as you mentioned that we are targeting the EBITDA margins of 13% right for the next 2
                    years. So that would be like for exclusively for domestic or global or like inclusive both that’s
                    one confusion over there?


Khushboo C Doshi:   No, that's including both the markets, domestic and global.


Nikhil Arora:       And ma'am our total income comprised of roughly I mean somewhere around 4 crores for the
                    financial year. If you can throw some light like what this is comprised of?


Prakash Daga:       See, the total income is mainly comprising of interest on Fixed deposits of around 2.5 crores
                    and there are some export incentives as well around 70 lakh or so.




                                          Page 14 of 15

===== PAGE 16 =====
Nikhil Arora:        And one last question. I think I missed the number of the current order book value, so did you
                     mention the order book value?


Khushboo C Doshi:    It's around 140 Cr.


Nikhil Arora:        And what would be the tenure for the same?


Khushboo C Doshi:    It varies from 4 months to 9 months whatever the pending orders are that we aim to 75% of
                     the orders we are targeting to execute in first two quarters.


Moderator:           Thank you. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to Ms.
                     Khushboo Chandrakant Doshi – Managing director from Rajoo Engineers Limited for closing
                     comments.


Khushboo C. Doshi:   Thank you. I would like to thank you all of you taking the time out at attending this call. I'm
                     also thankful to each member of our Rajoo Engineers family as well as our clients, creditors,
                     banks, financial institutions and all our stakeholders. For any further queries or information
                     please get in touch with our Investor Relations team Adfactors. Thank you very much.


Moderator:           Thank you very much. On behalf of Rajoo Engineers Limited, that concludes this conference.
                     Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect joining us. Thank you.




                                           Page 15 of 15
