
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
Date: May 14, 2026 
 
To,      To, 
Department of Corporate Services, Listing Department, 
BSE Limited     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   Exchange plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Dalal Street     Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai - 400001    Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 543333    Scrip Symbol: CARTRADE 
 ISIN: INE290S01011 
 
Ref:   Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
  
Sub: Transcript of the CarTrade Tech Limited Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call held 
on Thursday, May 07, 2026 
  
Dear Sir/ Madam(s),  
  
With reference to our intimation dated May 04, 2026 informing about the Analyst / Investor 
Call with Analysts/Investors, please find enclosed the transcript of CarTrade Tech Limited 
Q4FY26 Earnings Conference Call held on Thursday, May 07, 2026.   
  
The above information will also be available on the website of the Company: 
www.cartradetech.com.   
    
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For CarTrade Tech Limited 
 
 
 
______________________________________ 
Lalbahadur Pal 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
Mem. No. A40812  
 
Enclose: a/a 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“CarTrade Tech Limited 
Q4 and FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VINAY SANGHI – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – CARTRADE TECH LIMITED 
 MS. ANEESHA BHANDARY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – CARTRADE TECH 
LIMITED 
 MR. VARUN SANGHI – CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER – 
CARTRADE TECH LIMITED 
  
 
MODERATORS: MR. ARYAN SUMRA – MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the CarTrade Tech Limited Q4 and FY26 
Earnings Conference Call, organized by MUFG Intime India Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportu nity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch -tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded.  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aryan Sumra from MUFG Intime India Private Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Aryan Sumra: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY26 earnings 
conference call for CarTrade Tech Limited. To discuss this quarter's financial performance, we 
have from the management, Mr. Vinay Sanghi, Chairman and Managing Director; Ms. Aneesha 
Bhandary, Executive Director and CFO; and Mr. Varun Sanghi, Chief Strategy Officer.  
Before we proceed with the call, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking and may involve risks and uncertainties. For more details, 
kindly refer to the investor presentation and other filings that can  be found on the company's 
website.  
Without further ado, I would like to hand over the call to the management for their opening 
remarks, and then we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vinay Sanghi: Thank you and welcome to everybody to the Q4 FY26 earnings call. And thank you for taking 
the time out today. I just want to start off by saying we've completed a year which has been a 
very strong  for the company. Its growth in revenues, profits and its  obviously its growth in 
margins.  
If we look at the investor presentation shared with all of you, if we go to Slide 3, which is you 
know really looking at the last three-year story of the company. At the center of our company is  
innovation  that drives our growth and profits. If you look at the three -year growth story and if 
you look at the compounding of the company from a revenue standpoint, the three -year CAGR 
is 29% of revenue. EBITDA is at 98% three-year CAGR and the PAT CAGR is 82%.  
As you all have seen over the last many quarters, margins have continuously gone up. Margins 
have now gone from 9% to 33%. And if you look at the strength of the company in terms of the 
capital , we've now got INR1,244 crores of cash reserves. Last year, we added a cash balance of 
approximately INR300 crores based on profitable growth. And as you can see , the return on 
equity is getting better and better.  
If we look at the real growth on various other metrics, EPS is up 86% CAGR over the last three 
years, . The earnings per share now is actually INR47 a share. And if you also look at the profit 
after tax has jumped to INR244 crores. It's among India's most profitable listed digital platforms. 
 If we go to the next slide and look at the consolidated accounts, which is Slide 4, as you can see 
here, revenue growth is 22% for the year, 20% operating growth for the quarter, EBITDA growth 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
is 70% for the year , margins are 33% for the year. For the quarter, margins are 35% and the 
EBITDA is up 55%.  
If we look at profit after tax is up 54% and first time crossed INR70 crores, it’s INR70.84 crores 
in a quarter, so  our PAT is up 54%. And PAT for the year has jumped from INR145 crores to 
INR243 crores, which is up by 68% for the year. So it's been a  very strong yearly performance 
and we obviously feel very optimistic about not only the year gone by , but we also feel  very 
optimistic about the years going ahead.  
So  we feel our competitive dynamics have improved for the company. Overall customer 
engagement has improved. And as you can see , there has been improvement in revenues, 
margins  and  profitability has dramatically gone up as well. So we feel very strong and in a 
good position to really guide the future of this company. 
 If we go to Slide 5, which is the consumer group, as you know BikeWale, CarWale these brands, 
it has had a  really strong year at a growth of 30%. And not only has it grown revenue at 30% 
for the year, it's grown EBITDA by 96% and profit after tax at 55% due to the increase in the 
deferred tax provisions of the company.  
If you look at the quarter,  revenues up 25%, EBITDA is up 72% and profit after tax is up 64%. 
So it's been a really strong quarter for the consumer group as well. If we look at the remarketing 
business, and I want to highlight here that in the year  gone by, every company of ours, all the 
three businesses have achieved the highest ever revenue, the highest ever margins and the highest 
ever profits, all of them.  
So it's been a really, really strong year for us gone by. So you look at the remarketing group, it's 
up 22% on yearly revenues,  EBITDA is up 57%, margin has jumped to 28% and profit after tax 
up 66%. And if you look at for the quarter, revenue is up again 22%, EBITDA is up 56% and 
profit after tax is up 42%. So it's really been astrong quarter for the remarketing business as well. 
 If you look at OLX India, for the year  total income is up 22%, EBITDA is up 54% and profit is 
up 77%. And for the quarter it's 16%, EBITDA 34% and profit after tax 44%. So they've had a 
strong year as well. You know these are the high-level financial metrics which I wanted to share 
with all of you. Obviously , I'm happy to take all your questions  and clarify all the doubts you 
might have as well. So we can take questions now. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. First question 
is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: Yes, thanks for the opportunity and congrats sir on a good set of numbers. Sir, first question is 
on the classified business. I mean, we have taken quite a few initiatives in the last few quarters 
and have rolled out new products as well on both Elite Buyer as well as Verification, but the 
growth momentum seems to be taking longer to sort of see an acceleration.  
So if you can share some more color on where are we in terms of monetization, how is the 
response for some of these products which we have launched and how should we expect the 
growth to be for the next few years? 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
Vinay Sanghi: Sure. I think you mean in the OLX business. It has grown by 16% in the quarter  – both Elite 
Buyer and  Verification, Verification was launched in the last few weeks of the quarter and Elite 
Buyer has been around for a few months.  
The adoption of both these products is extremely strong. I think you will very soon maybe this 
quarter start seeing the impact of it,  in fact it's been in almost very rarely in platforms like these 
are buyers monetized and I would say we've actually had  strong success in the both products, 
Verification and Elite Buyer.  
And like I said you'll start seeing these numbers play out immediately in my opinion. And we 
can already see it on a daily basis . But I think from this quarter onwards, you'll start seeing the 
impact of these products. When you look at OLX as a whole, we feel very optimistic about the 
monetization opportunities within OLX. Last quarter , we've launched a couple of other AI 
initiatives as well in OLX.  
And as we go on this year , there will be a series of launches of new products. So we feel  very 
confident about Elite Buyer, Verification, and the other B2C and C2C initiatives being done by 
the company. I think you should see some this momentum of monetization step up now 
immediately. 
Siddhartha Bera: Sir, any more products can you sort of elaborate what are we planning to do for the coming years 
which you said that we should see a pickup? 
Vinay Sanghi: Sure.  within Elite Buyer itself, it is a suite of products for us . So we started off with visibility, 
bringing in trust with Elite Buyer. We're moving to agentic AI with Elite Buyer. So it's got a 
very unique matchmaking tool which has gone live. So if you are looking to buy a product, it 
helps you find that product and match makes it to exactly what you want, which enables you to 
do transactions.  
It's of course using what we call a matchmaking agent which has been built grounds up. It is 
moving also as we've disclosed earlier presentations to various other agents . Suppose you're 
buying any  used product, it will help you price it. So if you don't know what price to pay, it will 
instantly tell you  what price you should pay for it.  
And in many products, it will also give you a condition check. So what we're able to do today 
with photographic image recognition, we're able to judge condition. So I think what we are trying 
to do is when you buy a product, the Elite Buyer program with multiple agents now which will 
get launched and  as I said you'll see them one after the other as consumers to use, you will be 
able to buy a used product by understanding how to find and match  make a product, a seller, 
understand the price, understand the condition.  
So that's one family of you know initiatives. There's another family of initiatives that if you're 
looking to sell your product and this is also you know got rolled out there's a matchmaking on 
that side too. So if you're looking to sell a car or a bike or  a refrigerator or something, how do 
we instantly give you a customer waiting for this product, right? And that also requires a 
matchmaking agent which has been built.  
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Also When selling your product, you recognize the significance of pricing , and are you able to 
negotiate price? So there's pricing agent, negotiation agents on the other side as well. These are 
various AI initiatives which are using OLX core proprietary data to give you a better experience. 
These are at various stages of rollout. So the matchmaking in a very small way has already rolled 
out to consumers on OLX.  
And as I said these are all at various stages of this launch. There's also a Verification product 
which we've talked about on which brings further trust and safety in a platform like this. So it 
tells you know it tells you who can be tru sted. And you know it also comes on the fact that a 
very large number of OLX users are more than five years old. So from their behavio ur we are 
able to analyse  intelligently  who can be trusted  at this point.  
So that's another family, that we've talked about  building fin-tech and we're at various stages of 
development of building a financing product for people who want to buy used products. And 
then there are multiple such initiatives. But the intent is to keep building products , which help 
transactions on the platform and obviously help us monetize in a far better manner. 
Siddhartha Bera: Understood, sir.  On the consumer business,  good performance here as well. Can you just 
elaborate a bit more on the OE dealer mix, how has it changed in the quarter? And in terms of 
outlook, given some of these rising steep cost pressures we are seeing across the industry, how 
do you see the growth,  going from here for the next year? Do you see any risk of deceleration 
or do you think this growth momentum can continue for you? So some thoughts there. 
Vinay Sanghi: So one is that the car industry in the last seven months has had steep growth, including April as 
well. As you know that the car industry grew approximately 20% in April itself. We  feel very 
optimistic about growth in the year ahead   for the consumer business. So any growth rate  which 
we've already shown last year or the year before or the year before that, we obviously feel very 
optimistic about the next year or the years ahead as well.  
We also feel reasonably optimistic about the car industry itself,  that there should be some growth 
momentum just looking with the GST tax reduction and demand escalation which is taking place 
post that. We continue to see that, so I don't  completely feel very optimistic about the growth 
in the car industry for all the bike industry for that matter for the next  year or two-three years 
ahead actually.  
So  nothing has changed, we feel as optimistic as we did, you know three months ago or five 
months ago. Market conditions in the car industry are quite favo urable or the two -wheeler 
industry for businesses like ours. Aneesha, you want to give the  break-up of this dealer and 
OEM?  
Aneesha Bhandary: Sure, Vinay. So it's about 70-30, OEM being 70 and dealer being 30 of our revenue. 
Siddhartha Bera:  Okay, sure. Thank you. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vijit Jain from Citigroup. Please proceed. 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Vijit Jain: Yes, hi. Thank you. Hi Vinay. My question is on Super Dost. So first off,  good to see a unified 
C2B product. Do you need to spend on advertising and promotions to popularize Super Dost? 
Vinay Sanghi: So Super Dost is already launched. It is in the initial phase launched for all the dealers in India. 
As you know OLX and CarWale has almost all used car dealers in India listing or buying 
vehicles from the platform. So it's already live and what it does today is if you're a dealer looking 
to sell your car and the dealer can just take a photograph of a car they want to sell and instantly 
match makes customers around in a in a local environment which can buy that car.  
So it is  basically something we promised in an earnings call earlier as well. It's something called 
instant sale. Which basically uses AI to align customers to a particular kind of car and does it 
instantly so that if a dealer keeps inventory for 60 to 90 days, how do you bring that inventory 
stock down to five days. Because it gives you customers immediately.  
And I think it's been very well received. It's just been launched about 30 odd days ago. So it's 
done extremely well and very well received. It i s early days as yet. So we are using AI in that 
form and Super Dost will get more functionality as we go on.  
For dealers, they are the consumer version of that which I talked about in the previous question, 
which is really matchmaking, but pricing and condition check will come with matchmaking and 
it'll come to consumers too. So Super Dost for consumers will get launched very soon where 
they can instantly do the same as dealers can. If someone like you and me  is looking to buy a 
car,  you'll get a feature like this available to you with the Elite Buyer program. 
Vijit Jain: Understood.  So essentially right now from what I can understand this works on WhatsApp, so 
the idea being a dealer gets onto WhatsApp or a consumer gets onto WhatsApp and they put 
those messages and get those matches . To what you're mentioning, it seems like  you would 
build this out into a full-fledged platform? 
Vinay Sanghi: It won't be built as  an independent platform,  it’s rendered on WhatsApp, the underlying 
technology, WhatsApp is the communication  tool at this point. So you could put a photo on 
WhatsApp and it'll instantly give you three customers. The backend technology is being built at 
OLX and CarTrade. 
So it can be rendered across on any platform. It'll go live on OLX,  CarWale, or it could go live 
on any platform we have to render it. We've just started WhatsApp because that's been very 
convenient for consumers and dealers, but it'll go across all our platforms. 
Vijit Jain: Understood. And then when you in the presentation you mentioned that there are 2 million plus 
buyers and sellers, so is this the count of people who have already engaged with or messaged 
Super Dost as of now?  
Vinay Sanghi: No, the 2 million buyers and sellers are people who come every month to buy or sell cars on 
OLX or CarWale.  These involve only used cars, not new ones. . It is a significant scale every 
month, and not one off. 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Vijit Jain: Right, and so sorry just to get back to that question, would you, do you think you would need to,  
kind of promote Super Dost? 
Vinay Sanghi: No, you don't need to actually because as you know we have almost like 31 million people on 
OLX every month and,  50  million on CarWale, BikeWale. It'll be available to the 80 million 
people. So it's right now available for dealers for cars.  By the way a version of it, a matchmaking 
going to be available for all our products on OLX, not just cars. That'll go live soon. Yes, so it's 
started at cars but   even if you're buying a a refrigerator, it would apply the same way. It goes 
across everything. 
Vijit Jain: Understood. And then you know just imagining that, you know, people use this for cars, for 
refrigerators, everything, and then if they're engaging with this on these different platforms, the 
proposition here is not that,  people can hold an account on Super Dost separately as such? That's 
not the proposition you're making? 
Vinay Sanghi: No, you actually have to buy something on OLX to get onto Super Dost. Even today that is the 
case. Super Dost is a brand of a tool which assists you. You have to buy something on OLX to 
be able to have access to that anyway. So if you are an OLX Elite Buyer, you might get access, 
but you have to buy something on OLX to become, even today by the way to get access to Super 
Dost. It's not a free product.  
Vijit Jain: Okay, understood. My next question is on the remarketing business, so you know there are two 
components to it. One is of course the institutional sellers, the corporate sellers where you can 
have these macro-cyclical driven growth momentum and the other is obviously the retail one. 
Any broad sense you can give me on, what is the underlying growth that you think you can 
sustain in the retail segment? I'm not necessarily asking for the next quarter, but maybe  just to 
kind of visualize and help understand,  how much of that cyclicality has been blunted by retail 
from an ongoing basis? 
Vinay Sanghi: Sure, I think the first thing is the institutional is not cyclical. I think there was a period for about 
a year in between post COVID where repossession dropped because loans were not given at 
COVID time. That was a one-off. It was not a cyclical,  where it goes up and down every quarter 
or every year.  
So that's the first correction. Even the institutional business is not necessarily cyclical, but  I 
actually think both the repossession side and the retail side will keep growing is our view . The 
retail side is of course small dealers, small owners coming and buying or selling vehicles.  
The institutional side is just the inventory coming in bulk. That's the difference. But  we  actually 
see strong momentum of growth in both areas, to be honest. We don't see any reason not to 
believe that for the next few years ahead.  Like I said, as long as new loans are being given in 
India, which is happening for any automotive product, I think you're going to have repossession. 
There was just a period in COVID when that went down for about a year and a half that it did 
not happen. 
Vijit Jain: Understand. Then Vinay one last question from my side, any thoughts on, you know, acquiring 
the AutoMall business 100%? , would that help anything. 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Vinay Sanghi:  No, I don't think so. I think for us the partners we've got they are fantastic  to have. So I think  
nothing to update on it or nothing to say on it at this point. But having them obviously is a huge, 
huge advantage for the company and for us. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nishit Jalan from Axis Capital. Please proceed. 
Nishit Jalan: Yes,  Hi Vinay, hi Aneesha. Congrats on a very good set of numbers today. Just two questions 
from my side. On OLX, this initiative of Elite Buyer, Elite Seller has been is doing well and 
you've now introduced Super Dost. Just wanted to understand in OLX, can you share some 
breakdown in terms of revenues coming from advertisement  and subscription. Subscription as 
in used car dealer taking a subscription, and advertisement. Versus from these new initiatives 
like Elite Buyer, Elite Seller or Super Dost where buyer and seller needs to pay . Because this 
could become a much bigger opportunity. 
 And my second question is on remarketing. Just wanted to understand what would be the broad 
mix now on repossessed and retail segment and if you can throw some light on remarketing in 
terms of which segment is witnessing stronger growth compared to others . In terms of retail or 
repossessed or anything And if you can also add apart from take-rate. We do offer some value-
added activities in remarketing. So what would be the share of revenues coming from that value-
added activities and is it on the rising trend? 
Vinay Sanghi: Sure, I think the first part is whether it's Elite Buyer, Verification, what part of the revenue is it 
and what is the traditional revenue. The traditional revenue is pretty much most of it. Elite Buyer 
very insignificant at this point the, I mean it's really kicked off in the last two -three months, so 
it's very insignificant in the last year.  
But one thing is going to change is that from this year I feel in the next few quarters you'll see 
Elite Buyer and Verification becoming significant for the company. We're very optimistic about 
definitely Elite Buyer in terms of monetization in the very ne ar term, so you start seeing that 
significant. It is not , it would be when I say insignificant probably  be, I don’t understand 
correctly probably less than 5% last year for sure.  
So but it's going to become significant in our opinion this year which you'll start seeing maybe 
from this quarter or the next quarter. We can already see that trend as I said in the last month or 
so. That's one. 
 The second question is around the new,  what are the new segments apart from repossession or 
retail in Shriram Automall. We feel really optimistic  like your focus heavily on is commercial 
vehicles, for example, where we feel we're right now working closely with an OEM on trade-in 
for all their commercial vehicles. 
So if you want to buy a new commercial vehicle and you want to trade in your old one, we're 
building a partnership and a product with one OEM right now where the vehicles can come back 
to Shriram Automall for auction. All the trade-in vehicles. So there are multiple such initiatives 
on commercial vehicles side. I also feel very optimistic about the farm equipment side apart 
from repossession, retail and all the other things we do. So these are some of the initiatives o n 
new supply sources we are building. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
 I think the third question was around what is the value-added service income versus the auction 
income. The value -added service and the auction income here are co -related. In a way, so 
because if you have a buyer fees or buyer management fees or you have some small clients 
paying little bit of parking fees, they're very co-related with the auction revenue. So I would take 
it and really say these are all co -related with each other. So ver y large percentage of these fees 
are auction related in a way because all bunched together. I think the one area of fees which is 
slightly outside, which is about 10% or less, is the inspection fees. But otherwise all these other 
are very auction related by itself. 
Nishit Jalan: So thanks for answering  Vinay, my thought process to understand on remarketing was like I 
asked from the OLX side, is the share of value-added revenue in remarketing going up. Because 
there is always a limit to how much take-rate can you take from consumers, right? 
Vinay Sanghi: I think the growth in it comes from two different places. If you're talking about take-rate, it's to 
be answered slightly differently where,  if the take-rate has to grow, like for example one of the 
initiatives we're thinking about is financing dealers who buy on our platform,  Not ourselves 
again, a marketplace model.  
So thousands of people buy vehicles every month. In fact, the total turnover is almost, transaction 
turnover almost INR4,000 crores to INR5,000 crores. Is a question that can you finance some of 
those? That would be value -added financing. So we think value -added is not the core auction 
fees or related, we think value -added is completely a new line of fees . So those are the kind of 
fees we'd work on. Inspection is completely a new fees which I've told you which is about less 
than 10% or so. But we think value -added is not related directly to an auction of a vehicle, it's 
something people need when they auction a vehicle, buying or selling. 
Nishit Jalan: Yes, that's the reason I'm asking 
Vinay Sanghi: Actually I think marketplace financing is something we're looking at very closely there, to 
increase margins. 
Nishit Jalan: So what I was also trying to understand was like you mentioned inspection is 10% of revenues. 
Similarly, are there any other big value-added activity that has already started contributing into 
revenues apart from take-rate and parking fees? 
Vinay Sanghi: No, I wouldn't say anything significant at this point. It's mostly auction fees. 
Nishit Jalan: Okay. And one question on OLX side again in terms of follow -up,  When you talk about that 
active buyer-seller will becom e significant, right? So let's not talk in quarters 1 -2-3 quarters,  
Let's say three years' time,  In three years' time, where do you see this segment, meaning, can it 
contribute like a 30% to 40%? 
Vinay Sanghi: No,   I would say, It could be more than that.   because just remember one thing that I think one 
data point which is very important is that there are six times buyers to sellers on the platform 
which is obvious. If someone is selling there are many buyers,   So the bulk of the users on this 
platform come to buy,   on a daily basis. So the monetization opportunity is multiple-fold there.   
Which is  why it's such a significant initiative for the company. 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Nishit Jalan: Okay. sorry just to harp on it and maybe just to ask one more follow -up. Obviously this Elite 
Buyer can become really big for you in the next three years. What kind of growth should we 
assume in the traditional channel in terms of advertising or in terms of the subscription fees that 
you charge from used car dealers? That will be more linked to inflation or whatever annual 
increase that you ask them? 
Vinay Sanghi: No, there are so many new products for sellers which are being built today and the seller base is 
growing, so it is to me there is no inflation or any growth rate which you could apply. It can be 
completely disproportionate in the years ahead the way the products being created.  I don't want 
to give a guidance  but I would not , think that this is going to be inflation, we're just way too 
early in the day to look at the number of seller products or buyer products being created right 
now that like I said the growth could be any percentage. There's just no limit. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Sachin Dixit: Hi Vinay and team, congrat ulations on another decent set of results. I had two questions, both 
on OLX. The first is obviously I think you have explained already that there are some initiatives 
which will work out well in the near future. I just wanted to understand what happened this 
quarter. Because you had guided very clearly about there being higher momentum in the coming 
quarter and when we were discussing this same result last quarter. I mean, why did it drop from 
18% odd growth to 15.5% this quarter? What happened? 
Vinay Sanghi:  I think it was pretty sim ilar.  First of all,  this quarter is two days less and for some of these 
online platform it does matter.  
Sachin Dixit: So we are talking about Y-o-Y growth anyways. 
Vinay Sanghi: No, y-o-y it's anyway grown 16%,  So that's one.  I think it is normally Q3 for us is a slightly 
better quarter, it's just the October phase of consumer products in India.  Honestly Sachin, it's 
not much difference and we feel pretty similar to what we felt the previous quarter. Some of the 
initiatives like Verification was launched two months later than we thought. 
Sachin Dixit: The reason why I'm pushing on this Vinay is I mean OLX obviously has had a chequered track 
record. Finally in the last couple of quarters we noticed that Yes we are seeing some momentum 
pick up and which is what you highlighted in the last earnings call as well. Again y -o-y growth 
has dipped, which is why I'm asking,  Is it a sign of something falling apart for us or was  is my 
question? 
Vinay Sanghi: I don't think. I actually feel the other way around. I feel more optimistic than I was last quarter. 
So in my opinion, it's the other way around. And like I said, we did launch verification like about 
45 days later than we thought. It is a completely new product and we wanted to go out with it 
completely done. So a lot of these things sometimes in product development may take a little 
longer. But we feel extremely optimistic as we did the previous quarter. Not hing has changed 
for us at OLX. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Sachin Dixit: Understood. And just one more question on OLX only and which is on the employee cost side . 
There is a lot more variability in OLX employee cost compared to what we see in new auto for 
example or on the consumer. 
Is there a significant portion of our employee workforce here which is slightly more variable 
that revenue goes up  revenue goes down , compared to most of the other businesses where it's 
largely fixed sort of employee base? 
Vinay Sanghi: No, the employee base is same. In fact, the employee cost year-on-year up 4%. 
Sachin Dixit: No, I'm just talking about quarterly right so I do understand that there will be appraisals in certain 
quarters but every quarter it seems to be like moving up INR1-2 crores on a INR19 crores  base 
so seems a decent sort of movement. 
Vinay Sanghi: No, it's up for the whole year at 4%,  
Sachin Dixit: And last year we had a lot more variability. 
Vinay Sanghi: So if you see here, employee cost for the year's up 4%. It's INR73 crores to INR75 crores. So 
the movement, it could be in a provisioning, but  the other way to answer the question is the cost 
of people or the kind of people are very similar to other businesses, especially CarWale. 
We also don't see much change in employee cost next year, if that's the question, that I can give 
you guidance on. 
Sachin Dixit: No, that's fair enough. So the rise in employee cost is not a concern Vinay, I was just trying to 
understand if there is a significantly more variable component in OLX. 
Vinay Sanghi: The variable component least in OLX because it's a very online tech-driven business, so it would 
be the least. 
Sachin Dixit: Yes,  got it. Sure. Thanks, thanks so much. 
Vinay Sanghi: The way I would think almost is yes,  if you look at the cost growth of OLX it's actually 1% for 
the year, and 4% in employee cost. 
Sachin Dixit: Yes, and that's what I was saying, cost growth is not a concern, I was just trying to understand  
the nature of the cost itself. 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes, It's not different . In fact, as I said, it's even less variable than in other companies. And I 
think that's one of the reasons the margins are also up. year-on-year margins, have gone from 23 
to 31%. I think that also shows. 
Sachin Dixit: Yes,  great. Thank you. 
Moderator: Next question is from the line of Hardik Doshi from White Whale Partners. Please proceed. 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Hardik Doshi: Yes, thanks for taking my question.  Last fiscal year and even going into FY '27 the business 
momentum is very strong. But I just wanted to kind of ask more from a let's say medium -term 
perspective.  The big elephant in the room is AI and I appreciate all these. 
The  initiatives that you've taken to embed AI into our business. But from a more  larger picture 
perspective, how do you view the risk of ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini kind of the traffic shifting 
from Google to the to these platforms and thereby circumventing the traffic that comes onto our 
platform? 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes, so the first part is we are 95% organic. So as a company. For example, OLX, almost all its 
traffic comes on an app directly. So 100% of its traffic actually is organic. So you have to 
remember that when you when you look at the opportunity ahead for us, the first thing is people 
come to our platform because the brand and the trust in those brands. 
The second is because there is differentiated IP and platform experience. Buying a used car on 
OLX or finding a used car on OLX or finding the price for the car you need to buy is almost 
impossible in any third-party platform, horizontal or vertical. 
A lot of our data sits behind, which is not publicly available. So the underlying data, whether it 
is customer data, vehicle data, other data, which we have, sits behind which obviously LLMs 
and others cannot access. And therefore, the fact that the brand trust, the IP of technology 
platform services as well as the data is proprietary makes AI for us a massive opportunity. 
That is why when you're looking to sell your car, we can in one second match three customers 
right for you in your locality because of the data we carry. We're able to matchmake and 
understand the car you're selling, what price people should pay, what the condition of the car 
might be through all the data we carry and then you know how do we give you three customers 
which suit you or 10 customers which suit you. 
So to me AI is a massive opportunity. What we're doing this year is building a series of agents. 
Like Matchmaking agents, pricing negotiation agents, condition checking agents, tomorrow it'll 
be listing agents, buying agents, loan agents,  which will use all our proprietary data and 
technology. 
And make the consumer experience, this platform even better than what it is today. So for us it's 
a  massive opportunity for the next few months, few years ahead as well.  
Hardik Doshi: Got it. So I appreciate that on remarketing and OLX and on used car platform you know it's a 
bit difficult. But on the consumer side, however are you viewing the potential risk of the people 
using agents and kind of directly dealing with dealers and not coming onto your platform? 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes, so there are two parts here. First is when you're looking to buy a car, you it's a 12 lakh car, 
it's not like booking an airplane ticket for 20,000 rupees . So it's not commoditized. You're 
looking to buy a car, the process may take 30 to 60 days depending you know what your s ense 
of urgency is. 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
But you're going to a deep amount of work to buy that car. I think when you see Google 7 AI 
Mode or anything come out, search has gone up, but the relevance to platform like ours has gone 
up even more. Our traffic has grown up as search has gone up in fact during this phase  of the 
last 18 months as well. 
As you can see the numbers always our traffic is continuously gone up in this phase. Number 
one. Number two is a lot of the data we carry on platform like CarWale or BikeWale are 
proprietary to us and to our users. It's not available on third -party platforms at this point, right? 
Or not likely to be available. 
Number three, the integration we have with OEMs and dealers, for example if you want to know 
the exact price or the discount on the car or you want to get a loan immediately approved or you 
want to get a trade -in price for your car, these are not accessibl e to third -party horizontal 
platforms. 
So there's enough differentiated data, enough differentiated depth of experience which makes us 
feel very optimistic obviously of greater use of platforms like ours . And that's exactly what is 
happening. As you use Google AI Mode which is probably the larger used platform in the 
country. 
You come to CarWale even more because it may answer one question, but when you buy a car 
you want more than one answer, you want you want to go to a series of immersive experiences 
to really decide what you want to do with it and then where you want to buy  it from and what 
price you want to pay. So we feel actually this is actually work heavily in our fav or in the last 
16 to 18 months. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritvik Agarwal from 3P Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Ritvik Agrawal:  Thank you for the opportunity. I had two questions. First was on the lines of quality of dealer 
leads. Are there any measures that we are planning to take or we have taken to improve the 
quality of dealer leads in the consumer business? 
And additionally anything on the pricing side for the leads? Any sense on the value proposition 
that you're hearing from dealers? 
Vinay Sanghi: No.  There's a continuous effort at the company every day to work closely with dealers to 
improve conversion ratios . Whether the conversion ratios involves improvements in our 
platform or improvements in dealer follow-up and  closing. 
It's a permanent exercise which has been going on for years and years and we continue to do 
that. We obviously have lots of metrics in place to track this and measure this. But this is 
absolutely  important initiative for the company. And we keep doing this every single day. What 
was the second question sorry?  
Ritvik Agrawal: Yes, basically just wanted to get a feedback on the pricing? 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Vinay Sanghi: The pricing is pretty static. We mostly focus on volume increases and depth of the impact we 
make with the dealer. There are price increases, but they're more inflationary in nature. The bulk 
of the growth comes from higher relevance and volume. 
Ritvik Agrawal: Okay. One more question on the AI aspect. Is there any change in discussions that you're having 
with OEMs? Basically that from the onset of AI. Is there any change in the discussions or the 
tone of OEMs regarding their marketing expenses being diverted ? 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes, there's a  lot of initiative from our side and with OEMs too on how we can we can improve 
the experience using AI for consumers which come on our platform . So can we have agents 
which give us  more data from an OEM which helps a customer buy. 
Can we have agents which integrate the consumer us and the OEM and the bank even closer. So 
there are every day discussions on how we can improve experience for our users on our platform 
with the help of the OEM sometimes on our own, sometimes with bank helps, with all our 
partners actually. 
It's a very central conversation across all our companies to improve consumer experience on the 
platform or enhance it with multiple AI tools and that also involve integrating deeper with banks 
and OEMs and dealers. 
Ritvik Agrawal: Understood.  sorry last question just on the traffic on the website. Across the websites, was there 
any dip or any seasonality that you saw in this quarter, maybe increase in the volume or a 
decrease? 
Vinay Sanghi: We saw traffic grow over last year actually in this quarter , so there’s y-on-y growth. The Q3 is 
the highest in traffic for the year always. So slightly decrease from Q3 but y-on-y we saw traffic 
increases actually. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deep Shah from NV Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deep Shah: So my first question is again on OLX, sorry for harping on this again, but I mean just want to 
understand monetization a bit better. So if you just could give me some metrics as to how much,  
revenue is from like consumers, how much is from dealers? And currently like do we only like 
monetize dealers currently or I understand we've launched new products like Verification, Elite 
Buyer, so  consumers also are being monetized? 
But just over a medium like two-three year period you said this could be the new verticals could 
give you 30% to 40% of the revenues. So just want to get like more understanding on what drives 
you have what products? 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes, sure.  There are we got two basic sets of customers, the sellers and the buyers, right? In 
sellers, there are consumers and their dealers. We monetize both today. Sellers like you and me 
can also come for free, but many times sellers like you and me come and pay for  more visibility 
or other services or if they want multiple. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
I mean I think the first time for a lot of consumers who come and list a car or any other product 
it's free. But the second time it's chargeable, so many people come multiple times and therefore 
we charge consumer sellers even today. We charge dealers at all times when they are selling. 
The Elite Buyer program is aimed at charging for consumers and dealers for buying services. So 
as a consumer, if you come to buy today it's completely free unless you use an Elite Buyer 
service. The Elite Buyer service is superior to obviously buying without those services. And that 
product is getting better and better every day and that's another monetization tool. 
Verification is really for consumers like you and me again. So there are dealer initiatives and 
consumer initiatives across all these spectrum of activities. At this point, the consumer listing 
business which is people like you and me selling a product the  revenue is quite high actually 
from that business. 
And as you go on, we think even the Elite Buyer program primarily right now is monetizing 
consumers like you and me, more than dealers at this point. We actually think the consumer side 
of monetization, buyers or sellers, will become a large part of the company. 
And even within that consumer buyers which is the largest population of people on the platform 
is going to become extremely significant in this year and probably very large in the next two to 
three years. 
Deep Shah: Got it sir. And secondly on margins. For the consumer platform, I think,  for the full year we did 
I think 38% EBITDA margins  and OLX we did around 31%. So I mean just speaking ne xt. I 
mean do you see this trend con tinue for the consumer business. I would say we are at a pretty 
high 38% margin.  
Vinay Sanghi: Yes, margin will expand this year 
Deep Shah: And for OLX do you see coming across all businesses 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes I think so, margins across all businesses will expand. I do see OLX is already close to 
consumer business but it will probably get there, if not go ahead even. I think margins across the 
businesses will go up in the current year. Costs are likely to be quite stable. 
And also here even when you look at the three, four, five year how we think about the business, 
we have got our profit after tax as you as you've seen is INR243 crores this year. We're pretty, I 
mean one of the goals we've set ourselves is to get to approximately INR1,000 crores profit in 
the next  four-five years which is 4X. So we'll see margins shoot up in all these businesses as we 
head towards that INR1,000 crores objective in the next four- five years. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shrenik Mehta from IndoAlp Wealth GmbH. Please 
proceed. 
Shrenik Mehta: So I had only one question, this was about your ROE. So your EBITDA has already gone up to 
33%, margins are looking healthy, but still the ROE is very low at 10%, which is below the cost 
of capital. One of the reasons is obviously your cash. 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes the major reason for the ROE being at 10 is because the cash in the company.  
Vinay Sanghi: Yes. I feel like in in due course, whether it is you know returning money to shareholders or other 
modes is something we will consider. I think at this point, the current regulation because of our 
tax shelters and carry -forward losses prevents us from doing that. But you're right, I think the 
ROE is at 10% because of the cash balance. If the cash balance didn't exist, the ROE would be  
much  higher. 
Shrenik Mehta: Yes, so when do you think that possibility would come in from your regulatory 
Vinay Sanghi: Aneesha you want to answer that question? I think maybe two to three years. I think we've also 
got tax shelters that the company benefits from, but I think we're going to be two to three years, 
Aneesha is that correct? 
Aneesha Bhandary: Yes, yes Vinay, absolutely right. 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes. 
Shrenik Mehta: Okay, so you're not looking at any acquisition in the meantime or any other way of utilizing this 
cash 
Vinay Sanghi: No, there's nothing at this point to report on a prospective M&A or utilization of cash at this 
point. We obviously keep looking at  M&A, but there's nothing at a level where we can at this 
point you know give feedback on or report. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vimal Gohil from Alchemy Capital Management 
Private Limited. Please proceed. 
Vimal Gohil: Yes, thank you so much and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, I just wanted to make sure 
one aspect whether we have any seasonality in our consumer business which is CarWale , 
BikeWale in the March quarter? 
Vinay Sanghi: There's always seasonality actually not in the March quarter, there's a seasonality a little bit of 
seasonality in the October to December quarter because of the festivities in India .   Diwali, 
Dussehra, the automotive market tends to be far more buoyant, a lot more launches going on. So 
there's a little bit of uptake, which is higher then.  So it then tends to be quite even actually after 
that. It's only the one quarter which tends to be slightly different. 
Vimal Gohil: Understood. And just on your comments on OLX, you mentioned the Elite programs both buyer-
seller may contribute roughly five or maybe less. Given the fact that you were seeing an 
immediate impact of these from Q1 onwards, is it a fair argument that  the contribution may 
double in '27? 
Vinay Sanghi: The revenue might double is your question? Is that your question? 
Vimal Gohil: Yes, from Elite only. 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Vinay Sanghi: Oh Yes, from Elite it will,  Elite's very small base, so I don't think we should think of it doubling 
or tripling or anything because the base last year is very small. 
Vimal Gohil: Okay, fair enough. A couple of data points sir. If I may have the auction listings for this quarter 
and the auction volumes? 
Aneesha Bhandary: Sure. The auction listings about INR1.7 million and volumes is about INR3 lakhs. 
Vimal Gohil: INR3 lakhs. Okay. Fair enough. Thank you sir and all the very best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ujjwal Sil from ANR Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ujjwal Sil: Congratulations on the good set of results. Almost all of your questions have been answered. I 
just wanted to re -confirm about the ROEs because act ually my line got disconnected.   I just 
wanted to be confirmed that there are no acquisition plans or utilization plans in the near future 
and you're looking at like giving back to the shareholders after 2 or 3 years? 
Vinay Sanghi: Well at this point as I said there is nothing which we can report about any M&A. Obviously our 
attempt would be that if there's no utilization of cash and we of course are generating as you 
know last year we generated INR300 crores of additional cash. S o we obviously we obviously 
believe that there will be a significant cash generation for the next 2 to 3 years as well. And 
obviously based on that, at that point we'll have to take an appropriate decision whether there is 
an M&A in play or the natural thing would be to when possible return money back to 
shareholders. 
Ujjwal Sil: Got it. So next question was again on OLX, just a follow up question on one of the previous 
questions that was asked. I just wanted to understand? 
Vinay Sanghi: I think this is an important question. It's an important question because one of the things, which 
it's very evident also is the company has also generated an EPS has gone to INR47 a share. So I 
think one should keep in mind that there's a significant cash generation in the company and 
obviously profit creation pool in the company. Just further to your return money question. 
Ujjwal Sil: Right, exactly. That was the main thing  that is why I asked that question because a lot of cash 
generation and ultimately that is why ROE was depressed. Secondly I want to ask about again 
on the OLX side that we have taken a lot of initiatives in the last few quarters and shouldn't we 
have seen like a quarter-on-quarter growth as well because we were very optimistic in the quarter 
three con-call as well? So I just wanted to understand like is there a seasonality? 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes, there is October like I said earlier in the call, in October-November there tends to be some 
seasonality in any buying whether it's a new car, used car. So it tends to be every year. We feel 
very optimistic about the growth I'll be honest and all the product creation and even the consumer 
traction to this to the platform. So we feel in the next few quarters ahead you will start seeing 
the growth momentum dramatically changing. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Arpit Shah from Stallion Asset. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Arpit Shah: Yes, I just wanted to  understand revenue aggregation,  from the Verification product and the 
Elite Buyer product. What kind of revenues are we currently and what kind of growth are we 
seeing month-on-month? Since we launched it in Feb and March and can it add up let's say INR5 
crores, INR 10 crores of revenues every month? Do you think that is possible or is already 
happening in the month of April? Just wanted to understand that bit? 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes,  as I said, it's growth is impossible to say because it's very early. I mean it's obviously 
rapidly growing, but it's impossible to give a growth rate.  
Arpit Shah: I just wanted to understand what are the early trends that you seeing right now, let's say because 
you just launched? 
Vinay Sanghi: Very strong. I would say both on Elite Buyer Verification the early trends are really strong. very 
strong consumer traction.  
Arpit Shah: How strong is that I just wanted to understand that? 
Vinay Sanghi: I can’t. A s I said right now the revenue is just insignificant. I think we'l l all have to wait out 
maybe this quarter to actually be able to give you some stable answer to the question. But like I 
said the ear ly signs are very strong t hat I can put it this way. And like I said this year it'll be 
significant to the company. A s we go on in the next it'll be significant. Last year it was not 
significant because  it was launched very late. But in the next year you'll find it significant and 
I think in the in the years ahead we also get this guidance that'll be probably one of our largest 
sources of revenue. 
Arpit Shah: Got it. Given the acceleration in revenues from the new products and consumer business still 
growing very strong. Do you think INR350 crores of conservative PAT estimate accordi ng to 
you? 
Arpit Shah: INR350 crores PAT is a conservative estimate according to you for FY27? 
Vinay Sanghi: I don't want to comment and give you a guidance. Actually I just gave you a view that our goal    
of course is to get from the INR243 crores last year to about INR1,000 crores of profit in about 
4- 5 years. So that's the line we're drawing. We don't want to give a year by year  guidance, but 
we have told yo u over the last next within 4 - 5 years we want to get to this INR1,000 crores 
number which is a little more than 4X today. 
Arpit Shah: Got it. And the kind of momentum that you were seeing in the new products, you think the OLX 
revenue can start stepping up from here on instead of what we saw last quarter was about 18%? 
Vinay Sanghi: We believe that, absolutely right. Correct. 
Arpit Shah: Do you think this number can start crossing 35%, 40%   
Vinay Sanghi: I don't give a guidance but obviously we believe the growth rate will be stronger than what it is 
today.  
Arpit Shah: Or are you seeing that early trends in April? 
===== PDF PAGE 20 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Vinay Sanghi: I don't want to give a guidance for this quarter either. So but directionally we would see. 
Arpit Shah: Just want to understand what you're seeing already. I don't want a guidance, just wha t you are 
seeing I want to know? 
Vinay Sanghi: Yes,  like I said it's only 1 month over. We definitely see April better than obviously some of 
the other months because new products have also got launched, but it's early days and I don't 
want to give a guidance for this quarter or this year. I've given you a 4- 5 year profit objective 
of the company and the group as a whole and we've definitely given also a guidance that we feel 
very optimistic about monetization and the consumer traction at OLX. 
Amit Jeswani: Hi Vinay, this is Amit Jeswani  here. So would that be right that for us to go 4X in profit our 
revenues will have to go 3X and by that point of time OLX which is a INR200 crores product 
will become like a INR1000 crores kind of product like a 5x-6x kind of? 
Vinay Sanghi:  I don't want to give a revenue guidance. 
Amit Jeswani: That will be the driver of growth? 
Vinay Sanghi: I think it'll come across all our three platforms to be honest. We feel optimistic about all three. I 
don't want to give you a revenue guidance whether it's 3X or 2X or 4X I feel our margin structure 
is strong and therefore we feel optimistic that in all the work we do that normally when we add 
a rupee of revenue a very large part goes to profit, which continues and our margins , they're 
already best in class. 
And they'll even better in the next 3- 4 yearss ahead, which will contribute to getting us to this 
longer-term goal of the company, but Yes this is where we're at the journey at this point. So I 
don't want to give a further guidance on revenue. But generally we feel good about the fact 
there's enough opportunity and time in the company that we can aspire and get to this goal what 
we’ve given to you today. 
Amit Jeswani: And at this point of time there is no- see the our stock price has fallen 40% odd only because of 
the AI. At this point of time Vinay you look at do you not see AI as a risk, you see it as an 
opportunity for us? 
Vinay Sanghi: Of course we believe AI is a massive opportunity for the company. I think for us because of just 
the brand, trust, technology, platforms, differentiated IP, data, we it's a massive opportunity for 
the group across all its businesses actually.  
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rehan Saiyyed from Trinetra Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Yes good afternoon to the team and thanks for taking my question. No, so I have two questions. 
First of all is over the last few quarters we have observed the trend where overall auto industry 
growth was relatively muted, so the company advertisement platform revenues continue to grow 
strongly. However with auto sales now recovering after GST related benefits, so advertising 
growth appears to have moderated slightly. So is there any counter -cyclical behavior in this 
===== PDF PAGE 21 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
business model, or is this more related to changes in OEM marketing spends and campaign 
timing? 
Vinay Sanghi: I think over the last many years we've shown growths in the consumer business in CarWale, 
BikeWale across all kinds of markets . There were times when the market did not grow for 18 
months and we grew at a rapid rate. There are times when the market we grew at a rapid rate.  
So I like to think we are completely agnostic to beyond a level to new car growth or new bikes 
growth sales. We benefit when car and bike sales grow,  we're seeing that trend also in the last 
60 months which we've shown to you in both the quarters. We also feel optimistic with the GST 
cut rate that  the two-wheeler and the car market should have a reasonable headway to grow for 
the next one, two, three years ahead.  
So it's become far more affordable for every consumer. So naturally we feel optimistic in this 
market situation where car sales, bike sales grow, we normally always grow but even when they 
slow down we grow, but it is always better when the industry grows and that growth for us is far 
more impactful I would say. 
Rehan Saiyyed: So just wanted to confirm if you think is there a correlation between the GST cut sales and the 
gain momentum of October? 
Vinay Sanghi: Sorry,  are you saying the growth rate of the car industry is because of that? is that the question?  
Rehan Saiyyed: Yes.  
Vinay Sanghi: The car industry growth rate has changed from the GST cut. So that is clear. That's from the 
October sales of automotive cars I mean new cars in India or new bikes in India the growth rate 
is obviously impactful because of the excellent decision to cut taxes on cars and bikes. So it has 
had that impact in India of course. 
Rehan Saiyyed: Okay. And my second question is around the company has built a very large physical auction 
infrastructure across India. So how difficult is it for a new player to replicate this network today 
and are you seeing any additional pricing or aggressive competition in the auction business? 
Vinay Sanghi: It is I mean we carry I think almost 130 auction sites where a lot of our customers park vehicles 
and then we do an online sale. I think in a country like India the defensibility for us in that 
business in our remarketing business is multiple. It is of course the physical infrastructure, it's 
impossible to recreate.  
But it's also the technology, the underlying IP in the platform, it's the buyer and seller, the 
network effects of buyer and seller, thousands and thousands and millions of buyer and seller 
across the platform. So it's many things which create a defensibil ity. It is difficult to duplicate 
the physical infrastructure, but there are many more defensible I mean or many more moats in 
that business. 
Moderator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil Gupta from Vaayu Capital. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 22 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Nikhil Gupta: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Can you please provide the percentage of our revenue from 
advertisement in our consumer business? 
Vinay Sanghi: It's insignificant. I would say advertisement's less than from normal Google advertising or third 
party other less than 5% 
Aneesha Bhandary: Yes, Vinay. 
Nikhil Gupta: So is it a fair understanding that in all our three segments the revenue share from advertising is 
almost insignificant 
Vinay Sanghi: No,  I said  in Shriram Automall it doesn't exist. In CarWale it may be less than as I said very 
insignificant and OLX also would be  less than 10%. That is correct,  
Nikhil Gupta: Okay. And you already mentioned that you do not have any plans to use the cash to maybe 
acquire some other business. Why is it so because we have  in fact if I see all the three segments 
we operate in, we have acquired almost all three businesses. So why the strategy has changed 
and do we not see any significant value in the market?  
Vinay Sanghi: What we said at this point we did not have anything to report back on. It doesn't mean we're not 
looking at acquisitions or we won't do acquisitions or anything of the sort. We just said at this 
point there's no update to be given. And I think at this point we also have to remember that we 
are a company which has done M&A very successfully over the last many years.  
We've had three major M&As, all have been extremely successful. We always continue to look 
out for M&A, which is strategic in nature, where the teams are  good, where we feel there's 
synergy value, where we feel we can add value to our own customers. These are things we do 
every day. So it's part of our whole CarTrade Ventures initiative.  
We're normally very picky and choosy. S o obviously valuation has to match  and many things 
have to match, but when we do come out with something then we aggressively go after it  like 
an OLX. So it's not like we're not looking or we don't look, it's just that we haven't got something 
which we feel at this point we can close on. That's what the point is. 
Nikhil Gupta: But  we're actively looking for M&A, whenever we'll find opportunities we will go about it? 
Vinay Sanghi: I don't want to say we're actively or non-actively or looking or not, I just think that it's something 
we do, we do well. If something came around, we would definitely look at it if we felt it could 
add value to our customers or our shareholders or there's some synergy value or strategic value. 
Of course we would look at it. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will take this as a last question for the day. I now hand the 
conference over to Aryan Sumra from MUFG Intime for his closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Aryan Sumra: Thank you. I would like to thank the management for taking the time out for the conference 
today. And also I would like to thank all the participants to join the call. If you have any queries, 
feel free to contact us. We are MUFG Intime Investor Relations  Advisors to CarTrade Tech 
Limited. Thank you. 
===== PDF PAGE 23 =====
  CarTrade Tech Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Vinay Sanghi: Thank you everybody. Thank you. 
Aneesha Bhandary: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of CarTrade Tech Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Aneesha Bhandary: Thank you. 