
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
Nazara Technologies Limited 
 
 
Nazara
TM
 
 
 India | Middle East | Africa | Europe 
Regd. Office: 51-54, Maker Chamber III, Nariman Point Mumbai - 400021. Tel. : +91-22-40330800 / 22810303 / 22813030  
Fax : +91-22-22810606 E-mail: info@nazara.com Website : www.nazara.com CIN : L72900MH1999PLC122970 
  August 19, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543280 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051. 
Scrip Symbol: NAZARA 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on August 13, 2025: 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated August 13, 2025 regarding the audio recording of the investors earnings 
call for the Q1 & FY2026 Results , please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call. The 
Transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. www.nazara.com.  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nazara Technologies Limited  
 
 
 
Arun Bhandari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
1 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
Q1 FY26 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nazara Technologies Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by PL Capital. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes .  Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal  the operator by pressing Star and then 0 on your touchtone phone .  
Please note that this con ference is being recorded.  I now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital.  Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Good morning, everyone . On behalf of PL  Capital, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY26 
Earnings Call of Nazara Technologies. We have with us the management represented 
by Mr. Nitish Mittersain, CEO & JMD - Nazara Technologies, Ms. Anupriya Sinha Das, 
Head of Corporate Development - Nazara Technologies, Mr. Rohit Sharma, Executive 
Director – Nazara Technologies, Mr. Rakesh Shah, CFO  – Nazara Technologies, Mr. 
Terry Lee, CEO - Fusebox Games, Mr. Akshat Rathee, Founder - Nodwin, Mr. Anirudh 
Kumar, CSO - Sportskeeda, Mr. Senthil Govindan, CEO - Datawrkz, and Mr. Puneet 
Singh, Co-Founder - Moonshine. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Nitish Mittersain for opening comments.  
Over to you, Sir.  
Nitish Mittersain: 
Sure. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning.  
In Q1 FY26, Nazara reported revenues of ₹498.8 crores, that was up 99% year-on-year 
and an EBIT DA of 47.4 crores , up 90% year-on-year.  Our core gaming business 
delivered a healthy 24.4% EBITDA margin. PAT from continued operations was ₹36.4 
crores and the overall PAT stood at 51.3 crores reflecting 118% year-on-year increase.  
These results underscore the strength of our IP-led gaming strategy delivering strong 
topline growth alongside disciplined cost management and a focus on growth  with 
profitability. We are seeing the early benefits of our sharpened focus on owning and 
scaling high quality gaming IP s and our Centers of Excellence in user acquisition and 
analytics are taking shape and will enable us to acquire, retain , and monetize players 
more efficiently going forward .  We continue to build on these things with a steady 
pipeline of titles designed to drive growth across multiple genres and geographies in 
the coming quarters.   
===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
2 
 
During this quarter, we took a strategic step by proposing the deconsolidation of 
Nodwin Gaming, and this will sharpen our focus on core gaming, while enabling 
Nodwin to pursue its esports ambitions aggressively. 
We also strengthened our leadership team with the appointment of Mr. Rohit Sharma 
as Executive Director. Rohit brings over 25 years of experience in gaming and digital 
media and his expertise will be instrumental in advancing our IP -driven growth 
strategy across genres, platforms and markets.   
The board has approved two shareholder initiatives. Firstly, a subdivision of one equity 
share of face value ₹4 each into two equity shares of face value ₹2 each, and a bonus 
issue in the ratio of 1:1.   
At Nazara, our vision is to build a globally relevant and highly respected , durable 
gaming company from India and we believe we are well on our way to achieve the 
same. With disciplined capital deployment, strong IP ownership , and operational 
excellence, we are confident in our ability to scale into our global gaming platform  
that can compete with the best.   
With that, I will now hand over to Anupriya to discuss segment wise performance .  
Over to you, Anupriya.  
Anupriya Sinha Das: 
Thank you, Nitish.  Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today.   
In Q1 FY26, on a year-on-year basis, our Gaming segment revenue grew by 160% and 
our EBITDA grew by 311% with an overall EBITDA margin of the gaming segment at 
24.4%.   
Moving to Curve Games:  
Nazara acquired 100% equity of Curve Digital Entertainment for an equity value of INR 
247 crores in an all-cash deal earlier this year. Founded in 2005 and headquartered in 
London, Curve Group is an independent video game publisher focused on platforms 
such as PlayStation, Xbox , Steam, Nintendo Switch , and PC.  Curve Games posted 
revenue and EBITDA of INR 54.6 crores and INR 20.7 crores respectively in Q1 FY26 . 
Curve is building further momentum with recent releases like Wobbly Life on Nintendo 
Switch and the n ew Human : Fall Flat levels which are performing well across 
platforms. FY26 is marked by operational discipline, which has freed up capital to 
invest in upcoming IP -led opportunities, including two invite -only Nintendo Switch 2 
titles. 
Moving to Fusebox Games:  
Fusebox Games’ revenue grew 49% year-on-year to INR 73 crores in Q1 FY26.  EBITDA 
during the same period was INR 10.4 crores, reflecting a 14.3% EBITDA margin . 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
3 
 
Fusebox has successfully expanded from a single -game studio at the time of Nazara 
investment to a multi-game studio, having launched a new Big Brother Game in May 
25 and two marquee IP-based games in the pipeline . In Q1 FY26 , we ramped up UA 
spends behind the global launches of the Big Brother Games and Love Island ’s new 
season that is positioning us for sustained long-term growth with late -June 
investments expected to start returning from Q2 FY26 onwards. 
Moving to Kiddopia:  
Kiddopia posted revenues of INR 45.4 crores and EBITDA of INR 8.5 crores with an 
EBITDA margin of 18.6% in Q1 FY26. In Q1 FY26, while investing in original content, 
Kiddopia ramped up its IP -led content by launching the Barbie game island in April, 
Baby John Playroom (Moonbug’s Little Angel) in May and PJ Masks activities (Hasbro) 
in June and partnerships with Animaj (Pocoyo) and VOOKS as well .  Kiddopia ended 
this quarter with 227K subscribers as compared to roughly around 228K subscribers 
at the end of the last quarter . We notice subscriber stabilization attained through 
more disciplined UA and IP introduction. These strategic investments are expected to 
drive organic growth going forward. 
Moving to Animal Jam: 
Revenue increased by 12.1% to INR 26.4 crores, while EBITDA also grew by a robust 
55% to INR 5.9 crores on a year-on-year basis in Q1 FY2 6. Animal Jam saw I AP 
momentum from strong player engagement, community events , and social contests 
supported by new launches across bundles, portions, and features. It also progressed 
on its Slinky-partnered casual mobile prototype, whose soft launch is targeted for 
FY26.  
Moving to Smaaash: 
Nazara completed the acquisition of Sma aash through NCLT process in early FY26, 
making the strategic expansion of its offline gaming footprint . Smaaash delivered 
revenue of INR 8.1 crores and an EBITDA of INR 3.3 crores in the consolidation period 
starting from 6th June in this quarter . Nazara is closely collaborating with the 
management on revenue diversification, user experience upgrades , center 
refurbishments to achieve a fully revamped Smaaash relaunch in FY27. 
Moving to Funky Monkeys: 
The Q1 FY26 revenue expanded by 6.5% year-on-year to INR 4.9 crores and EBITDA 
also grew to 2.3 crores during the same period . Funky Monkeys closed Q1 FY26 with 
12 operational centers across India and  opened a new center in Surat in the mid 
quarter. It continues to expand aggressively in the current year and is looking to add 
another 8 to 9 centers this year. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
4 
 
Moving to PokerBaazi:  
Moonshine Technologies, PokerBaazi’s parent, is accounted as an associate and not  
consolidated in our books. Moonshine reported the highest quarterly net revenue of 
INR 191.8 with an EBITDA of -73.9 crores in Q1 FY26. There was an EBITDA loss due to 
front-loaded marketing costs on account of  IPL. PokerBaazi also delivered strong 
operating metrics in Q1 with gross gaming revenue (GGR) up 46% year-on-year, gross 
transactional value up 23% and deposits up 19%. The IPL campaign drove record DAUs 
and MAUs and system use r liquidity, while the May ‘25 focus on the Pokerbaazi 
upgrade significantly boosted user engagement. 
Moving to other segments:  
As Nitish mentioned, in July 2025, Nazara announced the strategic deconsolidation of 
Nodwin - subject to shareholder approval - reclassifying it as an associate to align with 
Nazara’s sharpened focus on core gaming IPs. The deconsolidation is subject to 
shareholder approval and will  enable Nodwin to independently raise growth capital 
and operate with greater strategic and financial flexibility  while allowing Nazara to 
allocate capital to core gaming bus inesses. In Q1 FY26 , Nodwin posted a strong 
revenue growth of 49%  with an EBITDA of -11 crores. Continued growth in esports 
events based on popular I Ps such as PUBG and Valorant yielded revenue growth for 
Nodwin in this quarter. 
Sportskeeda’s US organic traffic decline post Google’s March core update led to a 21% 
year-on-year revenue drop to INR 48 .1 crores and EBITDA was INR 5.4 crores, 
prompting swift cost optimization through content cost renegotiation and rightsizing.  
Management expects traffic stability in the coming quarters, drawing up from the 
recovery experience from a similar algorithm impact  on the PFN property . Other 
properties in the portfolio are delivering strong results with stable growth and 
standout performances from recent acquisitions such as PrimeTimer IJR, TJR, and Soap 
Central. For the first time in Q1 FY26, PFN broke even thereby positioning Absolute 
Sports for a strong rebound and sustained growth. 
On a consolidated basis, Datawrkz (including Space & Time) reported 313% year-on-
year revenue growth and 283% EBITDA growth, delivering 106.1 crores in revenue and 
INR 2.6 crores in EBITDA in Q1. The combined operations will unlock client synergies, 
broaden cross-market offerings and open access to new industry segments. Datawrkz 
also continues on its path to shift to higher margin product lines within its 
independent a d-tech operations. Further, the Space & Time a cquisition is being 
leveraged to scale UK growth.   
With this, I conclude my remarks. We will now open the call for Q&A. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press Star and 1 on their touchtone telephone .  If you wish to 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
5 
 
remove yourself from the question queue, you may press Star and 2.  Participants are 
requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait 
for a moment while the question queue assembled.   
Ladies and gentlemen, we request you to please limit your questions to two per 
participant and rejoin the queue for the follow up question. The first question is from 
the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead.  
Rahul Jain:  
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, you know the gaming business is now led 
by two of the newer addition s to the portfolio . So, it would be good to understand 
how we should see the seasonality and scale potential in Fusebox and Curve. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Hi, Rahul. This is Nitish. I think for all gaming businesses the seasonality is the October 
to December period - which is Q3. It’s really the best quarter due to Christmas holidays 
etc. given a lot of our revenue comes from Western markets. I think in addition to that, 
specifically for Fusebox, the seasonality is also mirrored by the airing of the TV shows 
that the games are made on. So, for example, Love Island was airing, you know, in Q1 
and Q2, especially in Q2  in the US, which did very well, so you would see a spike in 
revenues during that period. So, I think there will be certain nuances specific to each 
business and at the same time an overarching seasonality with the peak of revenues 
in Q3 for gaming business will continue as well.  
Rahul Jain: 
Right.  Sir, and in Fusebox you're saying Q2 is better for the US market and there  we 
are also expected to announce another IP, so any color you could give on the scalability 
potential of this business? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah, sure.  You know what I can do is, since we have Terry, who is the CEO of Fusebox 
on the call  and this is the first time he's attending the call, I can ask him to  answer 
what he's working on currently . But lastly, I think Fuse box moved from a one-title 
company to a multi-title company now with four titles which are either launched or in 
the process of being launched . So, Terry, over to you to talk a bit about the current 
status at Fusebox.  
Terry Lee: 
Thanks Nitish and thanks for the question. So, yeah, as you can see since we’ve been 
acquired by Nazara , our main focus has been leveraging some of the center s of 
excellence at Nazara as well as our core engine to expand away from being a single-IP 
to a multi-IP studio and that is essentially going to be the continued plan moving 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
6 
 
forward.  So, as you can see we've  already released one game , we're due to release 
Bigg Boss very soon, and then we already have another IP which the team are actively 
building right now with a plan to release early next year.  So, yeah, basically leveraging 
the support from Nazara and continuing to build out and acquire new IP s with our 
expanded presence and that is essentially the plan for the Fusebox team.  
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah, thanks a lot for that  and just one last bit from my side . Two questions on the 
Nodwin side of the business  - one is that what is driving the additional losses in the 
Nodwin business and is it specific to this quarter and gradually it should come off , is 
there an annual plan on what kind of number we could see there? And secondly, the 
austerity measures that we have implemented in the Sportskeeda business, does that 
mean the pain could last slightly longer ? While you have also commented that your 
PFN study suggests that this may take one or two quarters. So, any color on that would 
be great, sir. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Good question, Rahul .  I'll again have the leaders of each business to answer . So, 
Akshat, maybe you can come in for the Nodwin side of things. 
Akshat Rathee: 
Of course. Hi everyone. I think the simple answer to this question is esports and the 
youth culture that is being built right now in the world, as you can see from our much 
higher revenue growth even at a very large base right now which is predominantly led 
by a very strong IP push across the world. 
Most companies in the world are pushing for newer and newer IPs, So, while we have 
Playground, we are expanding Comic Con into more locations this year. We are also 
going and launching more seasons of Playground as we go forward. Our BGMS series 
continues to go out and do extremely well on Star Sports, but we are also growing and 
competing not only in the Indian market, but everywhere in the world . As we move 
ahead, we’ll keep on focusing on global growth and our mission is to be among the 
top two companies in youth entertainment across the world in the next three to five 
years, and we are on track to do that. We're already #3 or #4 in the world but we want 
to be #1 or #2. I think that if that is the intention for us  going forward, you will see 
some experiments that I do and some acquisitions that I do that may not work. I have 
two explicit failures that we've tried but have not done well  - one was Wings which 
we talked about earlier in a couple of quarters and the second was Freaks4U which  
has also not done well predominantly because of the German slowdown, the broader 
European slowdown, the Taiwan risk and then some because of the U.S. sanctions on 
different parts of the world. So, those headwinds keep on coming in the way of what 
we are trying to do and some of those investments that we try will not work out . On 
the other side, some of them work out so phenomenally that it's not funny like Comic 
Con has expanded from 5 to 8 last year . We are going to do 11 this year . We just 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
7 
 
announced that  and we continue to go ahead and take it global . We'll be going to 
more than 2-3 countries as we go  forward. We will just keep on going and working 
towards building an IP -led portfolio in entertainment  including esports, which will 
have one or two of these of f chances. Nodwin per se does normal growth out of its 
own accruals as such but once in a while, we will have these errors that will come in. 
We've also thought long and hard about the fact that should we be very conservative 
and just taper down as such a nd we've decided that it's actually better for us to go 
and do well across the world and keep on delivering what we want to do and Nazara’s 
support in helping us raise funding from around the world is very beneficial and very, 
very appreciated by us. They have not sold a single share, they believe in us today as 
much as they believed when we first got connected with them, but they're also giving 
us the freedom to leave the parent’s home and go fly and do wonderful things. So, we 
very much appreciate it. I hope I've answered your questions and hopefully because 
of this context, for someone else too who might have asked this question.  
Nitish Mittersain: 
Thanks Akshat and Rahul . I hope that answered your question on Nodwin. For 
Sportskeeda, obviously you know this last quarter has been disappointing for us after 
a really fantastic run over many, many quarters in last 2 -3 years . B ut we're very 
hopeful that this will recover and Anirudh w ho is the Chief Strategy Officer of 
Sportskeeda can d eep dive into it , e xplain what has been really the cause of this 
problem, as well as what are the actions taken and what is our expectation going 
forward, and also talk about some of the new properties that have been doing quite 
well for us. Anirudh, over to you.  
Anirudh Kumar: 
Yeah. Thank you, Nitish, and thank you for the question. We've obviously been hit by 
a Google core update. This is something that happens occasionally to sites , not very 
frequently, but it does tend to happen . In our Internal portfolio as we mentioned, it 
happened to PFN, we had you know similar austerity measures at that point in time 
to make sure that we are you know leaner to figure out how much time this will take 
and then be flexible on the operational side. So, to answer your questions specifically 
on the austerity measures, they've been carefully calibrated to ensure that we both 
have a chance of really bouncing back, but at the same time, if the period of recovery 
gets extended a little bit more than what we expect then we are lean enough to ensure 
profitability and operational stability. So, that's on the sportskeeda.com site. As Nitish 
mentioned, in our entire portfolio right now only sports keeda.com is affected. If you 
look at what we have disclosed about our other properties across Soap Central, Deltias 
Gaming, IJR & TJR Wrestling, and now PrimeTime r - all of them have been growing 
fairly healthily. 
In fact, the measures that we've  put in place for the PFN last year have actually had 
quite an impact post the recovery as well. So, we've had the first non-season quarter 
where PFL has been profitable. That sort of puts us in a very good position as we enter 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
8 
 
into the season in September . So, the outlook is that base d both on our internal 
observations as well as some of the external sites  that we observed, it should ideally 
take anywhere between one to two quarters . That's the typical timeline . If it takes 
slightly more or slightly less than that , t hen we have the flexibility and hence the 
austerity measures and the cost. Does that answer your question? 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah, yeah. I have just one more point. The good part is that the other pieces are doing 
well but they're too small right now to lift-up the game. So, is it safer to assume that 
on an annual ized basis, r evenue could be retained at the FY25 level or it could be 
difficult given that one or two quarters, including in Q2 which is an important quarter, 
we might not see that kind of momentum ?  So, we could be down this year , is that a 
possibility? 
Anirudh Kumar: 
So, right now we're not commenting on the annual revenue figures . The idea is that 
we look at how the next quarter plays out and how all of our properties do together . 
There has just been one quarter since it has happened . Luckily, we got into action 
really early on just to ensure that we are well prepared, but as things go along  in the 
next quarter or two, we'll give you an update on what that guidance might be. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure.  That's pretty helpful.  Thank you. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Thank you, Anirudh.  We can move on to the next set of questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  A reminder to the participant, anyone who wishes to ask a question, may 
press Star and 1 on their touchtone telephone . The next question is from the line of 
Aditi Parmar from I-Wealth.  Please go ahead.  
Aditi Parmar: 
Hello.  
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah.  Hi, Aditi, this is Nitish. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
9 
 
Aditi Parmar: 
Hi, sir.  Sir, I wanted to understand what ’s included in Other Income because it has 
become so high this quarter? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah, I think the largest contributor to our other income is the gains that we booked 
due to the investment we had made in STAN. So, we had made an investment in STAN 
last year.  STAN is a gaming community product which is doing extremely well and we 
did a follow on investment of $1  million earlier this year, and we've had many other 
marquee investors participate for a total fund ing of approximately $9 -$10 million 
including Google and Bandai Namco, and many other well reputed companies. So, 
we're quite excited about that business and it's growing extremely fast, but the Other 
Income largely compromises of an INR 66 crore gain on STAN. 
Aditi Parmar: 
Okay, okay, sir. Sir, on Curve Games, can you elaborate on how will the growth come 
and on the back of which IPs? How can we see the future growth in this company? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah, sure.  I'm going to call in Rohit Sharma, who joined us as an Executive Director 
to answer this one. Given Rohit's vast experience in the PC and console gaming space 
in the last many years, he's actually working very closely with the Curve team on our 
behalf and will be able to answer this in more detail. Rohit, over to you.  
Rohit Sharma: 
Thanks, Nitish.  Yeah.  Hi.  So, just to let you know, Curve Games is one of the leading 
you know indie game publishing studios in U K while obviously, they get revenue 
globally. Historically they have had great success with a lot of IPs that they have built 
like For The King and Human: Fall Flat which will continue to do well. The team’s core 
strength is that they have extremely strong relationship in the PC  and console space. 
They have extremely strong relationships with all the large platforms like Sony, 
Microsoft, Steam and Nintendo . And on the development side, they are one of the 
most coveted publishers f or studios to publish their games . In fact , we have just 
greenlit 2 very, very strong IPs that we will start developing next quarter and will give 
us growth as we go on . But to answer your question, there are existing IP s and long-
tail IPs that are with Curve like Human: Fall Flat, Dungeons of Hinterberg, For The King, 
and we have Wobbly Life on Switch 2, which will continue to give us growth, plus we 
have also, as I said, invested in two or three very strong IPs which will give us growth 
in the future. So, that's kind of the strategy and the growth trajectory for Curve. 
 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
10 
 
Aditi Parmar: 
Thank you, Sir.  That answers my question.  Thank you. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Before we take the next question, a reminder to the participants, anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press Star and 1 on their touchtone telephone. The 
next question is from the line of Sachin Dixit from JM Financial.  Please go ahead.  
Sachin Dixit: 
Hi, this is Sachin from JM. I have two questions. The first one is on our dependence on 
platforms. Now, I don't know how you think of it, right? Obviously , because that 
dependence has impacted our business in the past as well, right? When Apple changed 
some rationale and now Google, so how do you think of that dependence? How do 
you hedge against it? Or how do you basically mitigate the risks related to these 
platform-related risks? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Sure.  So, Sachin, let me take that answer . I think one thing obviously is that there is 
you know some level of dependence on these very large platforms like Apple and 
Google and we can't really run away from that . That said, there are a lot of changes 
happening in the ecosystem which is reducing the dependence. 
One from a Nazara perspective, our business model which includes in-app purchases, 
advertising revenues  as well as sponsorship revenues hedges the risks of these 
platforms to a certain extent . In addition to that, for example, web flows are being 
enabled now on a lot of these platforms where you can bill customers directly. As you 
would be reading, there are a lot of global companies contesting some of the policies 
of these platforms, which will open up the platforms  to a certain extent . So, I think 
there's a natural tendency for the platforms to open up over the next 2 -3 years and 
we also are very actively working on for example, enabling web flows on products like 
Fusebox. They already have a pilot running . Lastly, I think the Curve Games business 
that we have acquired diversifies us to a different set of platforms . We are seeing a 
lot of business coming in now on the PC and  console side from Steam, Nintendo, etc. 
So I think there's also certain diversification of platform beyond Apple and Google 
through the Curve acquisition. 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
11 
 
Sachin Dixit: 
So, basically getting more into these spaces helps us there. So, my second question is 
on PokerBaazi.  So, obviously this quarter losses could be on account of the higher IP 
spends, but still what is your visibility on the business, while the regulatory 
environment remains highly uncertain and basically if I do a math of your shareholding 
in PokerBaazi, your losses are almost like INR 35-36 cores from that business and your 
EBITDA overall for the quarter is INR 47 crores, right.  So, in that sense, it makes  us 
slightly sort of open to all the challenges that might come on that piece , how do you 
think of it? What is the visibility and profitability? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah.  Sachin, I'll give you my perspective  and then also pull in Puneet, who is the 
founder of PokerBaazi to talk a bit about how he sees it  from his perspective. I think 
we are very excited about the PokerBaazi business. They continue to dominate and 
increase their market share . And as you know, with a lot of these skill -based real 
money gaming platforms, liquidity on the platform is a very large mo at and I believe 
PokerBaazi has kind of got that significant advantage and that's what you're seeing 
when even at a large scale, the year-on-year revenue growth being significant . The 
EBITDA loss you referred to in Q1 is obviously  on account of a large brand campaign 
on IPL and most of that has been front-loaded in the year. So, Q1 is where you'll really 
see that large impact. You won't see much of that in the coming quarters . So, I think 
overall things are very exciting. All the metrics of the product continue to go North 
and we believe this is a potentially large cash flow business for us in the years to come.  
Puneet, you can add to that in a little bit more detail , maybe how you guys are 
thinking? 
Puneet Singh: 
Yeah. Thank you, Nitish. Hi, Sachin. So, like Nitish explained that the spends during the 
Q1 were already planned and the aggressive branding campaign in Q1 has achieved 
this objective of driving the top of the funnel growth which has also resulted in record 
platform engagement, and our DAUs and MAUs have been on an all-time high. In Q2, 
our focus is mostly on leveraging this momentum to unlock the full monetization 
potential for the new and the reactivated users and to optimize the cohort system as 
well. So, we really believe that with the things lined up in the second quarter  such as 
The Circuit’s online qualifiers  and the anniversary promotions , w e are very well 
positioned to deliver one of our strongest quarters in Q2.  So, as far as the spends in 
Q1 are concerned, that is actually as per the plan because IPL and Shark Tank were 
both front-loaded.  
Sachin Dixit: 
Quickly, if you can share the impact of these sort of one time -ish spends in Q1 on IPL 
and Shark Tank? 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
12 
 
Puneet Singh: 
Because of these spends, what we have seen during  Q1 is that we have not only 
increased the session depth of all the users, but the ARPUs have also increased  and 
what we have also seen during this......sorry?  
Sachin Dixit: 
Sorry I meant the amount of spend that is there which might not sustain in the coming 
quarters, that's what I was saying. 
Puneet Singh: 
The IPL's branding spends and the Shark Tank spends have been completely booked 
in the previous quarter itself, so they would not be coming in  further. The IPL spends 
were somewhere around INR 85 crores and the Shark Tank spends were around INR 
25 crores on top of that.  
Sachin Dixit: 
Understood. Sure. Thanks. Thanks so much, Puneet and thanks Mr. Nitish. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Bajaj from Choice Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead.  
Kunal Bajaj: 
Yeah, hello . Good morning , all. Thanks for taking my question . Firstly, I wanted to 
understand strategy on Smaaash going forward as to what we are thinking on 
expanding on this front. Secondly, on the Kiddopia side, we have seen that there has 
been an arrest in subscriber churn so, do we see any growth coming in this financial 
year? Yeah, those are the 2 questions.  
Nitish Mittersain: 
Kunal, hi. So, I think in the whole offline entertainment and gaming category of ours, 
we have two businesses  - one is Funky Monkeys and the second is Smaaash. Funky 
Monkeys is already well on its growth path. It is adding new centers now every month 
and we believe it's a highly scalable business . It's a profitable business with a quick 
breakeven on the capex that we do. So, we are very excited about it and you will see 
continued growth in this business in the coming quarters . Now, coming to Smaaash, 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
13 
 
as you know we've acquired it through NCLT, it's been about you know two months or 
less and we have a 2-pronged strategy there . One is to ensure that the existing 
business is stabilized and revitalized over the next few months and we're operating 11 
centers and our whole idea is to ensure that these 11 centers get revitalized. I think 
the parallel process that we are working on is to reimagine Sm aaash 2.0 .  What 
formats will it have? What are the new experiences it will bring? How will we integrate 
synergies with the rest of the Na zara ecosystem ?  So, I think these are the two 
approaches we are having .  I think in another six months or so we should be able to 
come out with a Smaaash 2.0 POC. Once that is established successfully, we will look 
at expanding this aggressively. So, I think the next two quarters is going to be most of 
this work rather than very active expansion of centers at this point of time. I think FY27 
is when you should expect rapid expansion of centers. 
Kunal Bajaj: 
Yeah.  Thanks Nitish. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah, coming to your question on Kiddopia. I think we've seen a good performance in 
this quarter. Generally, the subscriber decline has been stemmed and you would have 
seen in the presentation that we've seen positive KPIs across the board - whether it's 
churn, CPT, the cost per acquisition that we are getting, etc. So, I think we continue to 
feel quite bullish about the growth opportunities . I do understand it's taken a long 
time coming. You know we've been working on this for a few quarters or more, but I 
do think that we're getting very close to get back to growth. I think another quarter or 
two and we should be able to see growth again.  
Kunal Bajaj: 
Sure. Thanks.  Also, a follow up question on that - as on the broad corporate level, we 
had a target of around INR 300 crores EBITDA.  So, how is our progress on that? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
I think we're making great progress. Our guidance has been to achieve INR 300 crores 
EBITDA by FY27 and I believe we are very much on track to achieve that or surpass 
that.  
Kunal Bajaj: 
Sure. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you . The next question is from the line of Abhishek Banerjee from ICI CI 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
14 
 
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Hi. Just a couple of questions from my side. First off to Akshat. The thought process is 
to focus on growth in  Nodwin going ahead and you have often explained to us how 
the older IPs kind of make decent margins but as you invest in newer IP s, the overall 
losses can come up. But given you have been doing this for some time now and some 
of the older IPs are more than five years old, so, what is the timeline that one should 
build in for some profit delivery in Nodwin? 
Akshat Rathee: 
So, the way to think about all our IP s is again think of it  like a portfolio approach . I'll 
give an empirical example so you can go into it . At any given time, since we do not 
know what the new game will be, what the new culture will be, what the new song 
will be, what the new event will be, what the new influencer will be, we have to have 
to go and have our ears to the ground.  So, think of it as angel investments. We need 
to have anywhere between 10 to 20 micro IPs under incubation at any given time 
every year. These don't cost too much . They cost anywhere between INR 50,000 to 
maybe INR 7-8 lacs each to keep on running  experiments. This allows us to broaden 
very quickly through this incubation, and we keep on running experiments.  To identify 
something that is worth investing in either because of critical mass coming in, high 
engagement coming in , other factors coming in showing its potential, we don't still 
call it an IP but we've done our first-year experiment. Our first year experiment costs 
us anywhere between INR 10 lacs to about INR 40 lacs.  
So, we try this experiment for around INR 10 lacs to about INR 30-40 lacs and look at 
whether that’s successful or not. Again, in the first stage, we have about a 70% to 80% 
failure rate. In the second stage, we have about a 30 % to 50% failure rate because it 
doesn't work out right  given it doesn't have enough depth  or it doesn't have any 
traction. Chess has reached that endpoint has been  a success for us.  We invested in 
Chess three to four years ago . Playground is another one that has done well . But 
behind every success there are umpteen experiments that's don’t come to fruition. 
Typically, after the first year if we get traction,  we can then invest into the second 
season after the first one. This would typically range from INR 40-50 lacs to about INR 
2 crores investment behind it, and this is the time where we actually would try to make 
real money out of it. We go to sponsors, we go to media rights, we go to data rights, 
we strike the right  partnerships and there’s again maybe a 30% to 50% failure rate 
here. O nce this is established, it is  now 90 %. Then, t ypically the y scale very, very 
quickly. This is now in the growth stage. You would normally not have failures in the 
growth stage . You're looking at acceleration . How much acceleration is always the 
question. But typically, after the first two years, we could look at the payback over two 
more years and have a full payback and then a long tail that keeps on going and giving 
value. For example, All That Matters has been there for 15 years, NH7 in 14 years, 
BGMS is in its fifth year. You can see that all the global IPs that we take over, we try to 
build them into  multi-decade-long IP s. T hat allows us not to be dependent on 
platforms, influencers, talent, IP , games etc., and that's the portfolio approach that 
we want to go  ahead with . If it all works, we get astronomical returns . As we are 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
15 
 
building out of emerging markets and we're not building out of the developed world, 
the failure rate is substantially higher . But as we move from a developing to a 
developed economy, we’ll see traction here as we see for most global markets.  
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Understood. What would be the kind of margins that your mature business is now 
making, if you could give some clarity on that? 
Akshat Rathee: 
So, the IP model is a better one to look at. Mature IPs typically would have anywhere 
between 60% to 75% gross margins, while the net margins would be around 20-25%.  
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Got it, got it. And one more question for PokerBaazi - so you were actually speaking  
on you know how your advertisements have helped in improving  your customer 
engagement and the session depth. So, if you could, you know, talk a little bit on you 
know how advertisement kind of drives that because if you were to ask me, I can 
understand how advertising can drive customer acquisition, but how it can drive 
higher ARPUs etc. would be great to understand. 
Puneet Singh: 
Yeah, sure . So, on that, you know what we meant was that because of the 
advertisements we get a strong top of the funnel growth  and once we do that, we 
have enough features within our system which help us drive session depth, retention, 
and then ARPU. Also, the new product innovation which we have done in the previous 
quarter, which includes a lot of these features on user set s, user learnings , and we 
have added a Poker TV app with tailored content, the PokerBaazi School for structured 
learning of advanced tools. Poker Shots is one more tool that has also been added in 
the last quarter, which is a tool for game analysis . So, all these three tools together 
along with having a big top of the funnel in terms of getting users eventually help us 
achieving these things. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah, I would just add to that that when you have a larger brand campaign happening, 
it also increases the brand credibility in the eyes of the consumer and therefore has a 
direct impact on usage and uplift in ARPU because the players are then coming back 
and playing more because of brand trust.  
Abhishek Banerjee: 
Okay, good. Thanks. Thanks.  
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
16 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you.  Ladies and gentlemen, anyone who wishes to ask a question may pres s 
Star and 1 on their touchtone telephone. The next question is from the line of  Jinesh 
Joshi from PL Capital.  Please go ahead.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yeah. Sir, my question is with respect to the fundraise of Nodwin. Can you tell us how 
much is Nodwin planning to raise? And secondly, given the fact that Nazara will not 
participate in this fundraise, what will be our revised stake in the company? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Sorry, what's your second question? What will be our stake in the company? 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Right. In Nodwin, what will be our revised stake post the fundraise? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah. So, I think there's going to be a bridge round first and then a larger raise. So, the 
exact amounts are still to be finalized  so, I won't be able to give you a specific equity 
position, but it will be in the range of 46 -47% from what I understand at this point of 
time. Obviously, once this is  completed, the necessary disclosures will be made in 
terms of exact numbers, etc.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood. Sir, secondly on PokerBaazi, I think we mentioned that the IPL spends 
were about INR 85 crores and what we spent on Shark Tank was approximately INR 
25 crores.  So, in all, we have spent about INR 110 crores and if I look at our F Y25 
EBITDA for PokerBaazi – it was negative at approximately INR 58 crores. Given the kind 
of spends we have made in Q1, I know these are one-off spends so to say, but given 
the quantum, should we expect profitability in FY26 at the operating level and if not, 
when do you expect this business to make profits at the operating level given how the 
taxation situation is? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah. Look, I think in FY26, we do not expect to deliver profitability for PokerBaazi.  In 
FY27 we should, but it depends on our market  positioning at that point of time and 
what's the right thing to do for the business. What is important to understand is that 
the marketing and branding spends that we're doing today is very much, you know, 
driven by our desire  to really dominate the market and it is something that is in our 
control to dial up or dial down as we would like to. The core business in itself is very 
===== PDF PAGE 18 =====
17 
 
profitable and if you were to dial down the marketing spends today, you would see a 
large amount of profitability been thrown up by the core business. So, I think it's just 
our aggressive positioning to continue to dominate the market at this point of time . 
We believe that is the right strategy for this business.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood and so one last question on Fusebox. So, we released Big Brother in May 
‘25 and I believe we have quite a few new IPs lined up over the course of the year. But 
if I look at Q1 and given the fact that there was  a big launch expected , our user 
acquisitions spends had risen a bit and that is why our EBITDA margin was down to 
about 14.3%. Now, given the fact that new launches are lined up, how should we think 
about the margin trajectory because historically this number was quite high and 
because of higher spends, it has got diluted a bit to about 14 odd percent. So, basically, 
your thoughts on the profitability side? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah. Jinesh, I think the important point to understand is that most of the user 
acquisitions spends that we see in Q1 is driven by spends on the Love Island game and 
not on the Big Brother game. While the Big Brother game is launched, right now,  the 
team is looking at the initial KPIs which look very good and they’re iterating the game 
before we start scaling it up. So, most of the UA spends have happened on Love Island 
because the team was getting very attractive customer acquisition costs also because 
of the airing of the TV show at the same ti me. These spends will get dialed down in 
the coming quarters and you will see the profitability go up and the margins come up 
again. So, I don't think new game launches will hurt margins a lot. I think over a period 
of time they will keep adding scale to the business. 
Generally, the gaming business, as you see this quarter has delivered a 24% odd 
margin and we will continue to drive all our gaming businesses towards a 30% margin 
goal. That's a milestone that we want to try and achieve. I'm not promising any specific 
timeline right now, but at least our internal thought process is towards that goal.  
Jinesh Joshi: 
Understood, sir. Understood. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you.  The next question is from the line of Rahil from S apphire Capital.  Please 
go ahead.  
Rahil: 
Hi, Sir.  Good morning.  Can you hear me? 
===== PDF PAGE 19 =====
18 
 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah.  
Rahil: 
Yeah. So, just one question, if you could just highlight or summarize which of the 
divisions or the key businesses will be the main growth drivers for FY26 for the topline 
and if you could provide any guidance to it? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yeah, sure. I think in terms of main growth drivers at this point of time, if you look at 
Q1, we have seen Animal Jam perform very well for us . We've seen Funky Monkeys 
get on to the growth pa th. W e are very excited about  Fusebox, and I think C urve 
should have a great year as well . The rest of the businesses, you know, we are 
constantly plugging and working on,  and for example Kiddopia - like I was saying 
earlier - should hopefully get back to growth quite soon. In terms of guidance, we don't 
have any specific guidance at this point of time.  
Rahil: 
Okay, sure. Thank you. All the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, anyone who wishes to ask a question may pres s 
Star and 1 on their touchtone telephone. A reminder to the participants that anyone 
who wishes to ask a question may press Star and 1. As there are no further questions, 
I would now like to hand the conference over to the Management for closing 
comments.  
Nitish Mittersain: 
Thank you everyone for joining today's call and also thank you to the leadership team 
of Nazara for spending the time, answering all the questions patiently. Wish you all a 
very good day. Goodbye.  
Moderator: 
Thank you . On behalf of PL  Capital, that concludes this conference . Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 