
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 February 10, 2026 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543280 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051. 
Scrip Symbol: NAZARA 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on February 04, 2026: 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated February 04, 2026 regarding the audio recording of the investors 
earnings call for the Q3 & FY2026 Results, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call. 
The Transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. www.nazara.com.  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nazara Technologies Limited  
 
 
 
Arun Bhandari 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Nazara Technologies Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 04, 2026 
 
                                                        
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
MR. NITISH MITTERSAIN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
MR. RAKESH SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. ROHIT SHARMA, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
MS. ANUPRIYA DAS – HEAD OF CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT  
MR. SHREYES MENON – HEAD, OFFLINE GAMING   
MR. AKSHAT RATHEE – CO-FOUNDER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – NODWIN 
GAMING  
MR. AJAY PRATAP SINGH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – ABSOLUTE SPORT 
PRIVATE LIMITED  
MR. SENTHIL GOVINDAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DATAWRKZ BUSINESS 
SOLUTIONS PRIVATE LIMITED 
MR. TERRY LEE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – FUSEBOX GAMES 
MR. JEFF AMIS – CO-FOUNDER AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
WILDWORKS 
MR. STUART DINSEY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CURVE GAMES 
MR. CHRIS JONES – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SPACE & TIME 
  
 
 

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Nazara Technologies Q3  & 9M  FY '26 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Choice Equity Broking Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touch -tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Kunal Bajaj from Choice Equity Private Broking Limited. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kunal Bajaj: Thank you, Shubham. Good morning, everyone, and a very warm welcome to all of you. On 
behalf of Choice Equity Broking, I would like to extend a warm welcome to the Q3  & 9M FY 
'26 Post Results Conference Call of Nazara Technologies Limited.  I would like to take this 
opportunity and welcome the senior management team joining us on the call today. 
Today, we are pleased to have with us Mr. Nitish Mittersain, CEO and Joint MD, Nazara 
Technologies; Mr. Rohit Sharma, Executive Director, Nazara Technologies; Mr. Rakesh Shah, 
CFO, Nazara Technologies; Ms. Anupriya Sinha Das, Head of Corporate Development, Nazara 
Technologies; Mr. Terry Lee, CEO of Fusebox Games; Mr. Jeff Amis, Co -Founder and CEO, 
WildWorks.Mr. Stuart Disney, CEO, Curve Games; Mr. Shreyes Menon, Head of Offline 
Gaming at Nazara Technologies; Mr. Akshat Rathee, Founder, NODWIN Gaming Private  
Limited; Mr. Ajay Pratap Singh, CEO, Absolute Sports Private Limited; Mr. Senthil Govindan, 
CEO of Datawrkz Business Solutions Private Limited; Mr. Chris Jones, CEO, Space & Time. I 
now hand over the call to Mr. Nitish for the opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nitish Mittersain: Hi, everyone. Good morning, and thank you for joining us this morning. In Q3 FY '26, Nazara 
delivered revenues of INR406 crore, which were lower by 24.1%, primarily due to the 
deconsolidation of our NODWIN Esports business. However, our EBITDA came in at INR67.8 
crore, which was up 29.4% during the same period and our margins expanded to 16.7% as the 
company refocused on its higher-margin IP-based gaming business. 
For 9M FY '26, revenue grew by 29.7% year -on-year to INR1,431.2 crore, while EBITDA 
increased 73% year -on-year to INR177.2 crore with our overall margins expanding to 12.4%.  
Kiddopia achieved a much-awaited resumption in subscriber growth in this quarter, driven by 
the hard work of the team as well as Nazara's centers of excellence in user acquisition, data 
analytics, growth and product. 
In parallel, the company continued to explore new platforms. And in this quarter, soft launched 
Animal Jam on the Roblox platform. And we believe these new platforms can unlock growth 
for us going forward. Also in this quarter, our associate company, NODWIN, which is the leader 
in Esports space in India, delivered strong operational performance and profitability. 
 Nazara continues to make strong progress in building a global gaming company focused on 
creating scalable world -class IP and franchises. This quarter was driven by disciplined 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
execution, improving operating efficiencies and multiple growth engines across new launches, 
live content expansion and platform extensions. 
 I must say we are also doing a lot of work on AI and introducing these components into some 
of our games, which I believe will have positive benefit for us going forward. We remain focused 
on disciplined capital allocation, including through strategic M&A. 
And our centers of excellence that we have created will bring a lot more synergy in the 
acquisitions that we do going forward. With that, I will now hand over to Anupriya to discuss a 
little bit more details in the segmental performance. Over to you, Anupriya. 
Anupriya Das: Thank you, Nitish. Good morning, everyone. In Q3 FY '26, our Gaming segment revenue grew 
to INR257 crore, growing 66% year-on-year and EBITDA grew to INR64.2 crore, growing 87% 
year-on-year, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 25% for the segment. In 9M FY '26 on a year-
on-year basis, our core gaming segment revenue grew by 119% to INR793.8 crore and EBITDA 
grew by 172% to INR188 crore with an EBITDA margin of 23.8%.  
In mobile gaming, the momentum remains strong with revenues rising to INR534.7 crore, up 
48% year-on-year and EBITDA increasing to INR99.2 crore, up 43% year -on-year. As Nitish 
mentioned, performance is driven by both the management teams and the COE -led initiatives 
such as user acquisition and data analytics, which tightened the LTV guardrails and strengthen 
our live ops cadence. Kiddopia returned to subscriber growth in Q3 FY '26 after several quarters, 
supported by the coordinated COE efforts with the ma nagement team and unlocked multiple 
levers of growth. 
During the period, Animal Jam was also launched on Roblox, a new platform alongside many 
content updates across Kiddopia, CATS and KoT. A sharp increase in marketing spend for Love 
Island in December impacted EBITDA in the near term with the benefits expected to translate 
into higher revenues in the subsequent months. 
 Moving to PC and console publishing. We continue to deliver high-margin IP monetization and 
expanding platform reach. Curve's evergreen catalog ue and new platform initiatives supported 
durable monetization. Human Fall Flat with lifetime sales of 58 million units remains a long tail 
seller, while Wobbly Life showed strong early momentum on Switch 1 with sales of over 
200,000 units. 
 Turning to offline gaming. The portfolio reported healthy profitability with 36% EBITDA 
margin in Q3 FY '26. In Q3, Smaaash delivered INR24.3 crore of revenue and INR7.1 crore of 
EBITDA, while Funky Monkey posted INR6.1 crore of revenue and INR3.7 crore of EBITDA. 
We also expanded footprint through four new Funky Monkey centers in the quarter and continue 
to progress the Smaaash Experience 2.0 revamp as a medium-term relaunch. 
 Moving on to other segments. In 9M FY '26, Adtech delivered stronger growth and improving 
profitability. Revenue was up 86% year-on-year and EBITDA by 95% year-on-year. In Q3 FY 
'26, EBITDA increased 26% year -on-year, while revenue was down by 22% year -on-year, 
attributable to reduced focus on low-margin non-tech managed services business. This reflects 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
broader product mix improvement and increasing focus on tech -enabled offerings that are 
increasingly higher margin. 
 Moving to NODWIN. As mentioned, our associate company, NODWIN delivered a strong Q3 
and demonstrated EBITDA profitability after the impairment and cessation of Freaks. In Q3 FY 
'26, revenue was up 58% year-on-year at INR261 crore and EBITDA reached INR40 crore. The 
quarter featured marquee executions and new IPs, including DreamHack and Starladder in 
Budapest. Within Absolute Sports, the portfolio has stabilized and selective product expansion 
is happening. 
Sportskeeda executed significant cost realignment as Q3 FY '26 costs were down 32% year-on-
year. Other properties of Absolute Sports continue to perform well. Pro Football network 
revenue is up 59% year -on-year on a YTD basis, while PrimeTimer posted strong post -
acquisition revenue gains. With this, I conclude my remarks, and we'll now open to the call for 
Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We'll now begin with question -and-answer session. The first question 
comes from the line of Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. 
Sachin Dixit: I had three questions. The first one to start with is on Kiddopia, right? So congratulations on 
increasing the subscription numbers there. But how do we think of the margin dip, right? 
Because are there expectations that the stickiness from these acquired customers is going to 
deliver leverage in the coming quarters? 
Or even if you can break down maybe like what is the ratio of monthly versus yearly 
subscriptions there? So just to understand something on the stickiness side so that we can 
anticipate a better margin in coming quarters.  
Nitish Mittersain: Why don't you complete your questions and then we can answer one by one. 
Sachin Dixit: Sure. So, that was the first question on Kiddopia. The second one is if you can explain any 
seasonality that we see in margins in offline gaming, right? They spiked in this quarter. Last 
quarter was relatively poorer. How should we expect the sort of bench mark margins for the 
offline business, if there is a festive quarter related seasonality or anything? 
 And the final question is on the couple of investments that you highlighted in the press release, 
nCore Games and Rusk Media. If you can shed some more light there, what's the plan there? 
Are these just minority investments for now? How should we look at those pieces? 
Nitish Mittersain: Okay, sure. So let me start with Kiddopia. This is Nitish. I think for us, we have created these 
centers of excellence on user acquisition, on data analytics, on AI and growth. And we are 
starting to see these really add value to our existing businesses, starting with Kiddopia. We kind 
of focused on Kiddopia first. And what we have managed to achieve really in the last couple of 
quarters, which is now showing up in Q3 is that we are able to spend and acquire more users, 
but at good cost per trial and CAC. 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
So if you see in Q2, our CAC was $37.5. But in Q3, we have spent more , acquired more users 
and at $35.8 per user. At the same time, our ARPUs have been steadily increasing. In Q3, we 
were at $7.45 per user compared to $7.34 in Q2. So, in effect, what we are able to now do is 
scale our user acquisition spend, acquire more users, but at the price that we want to, and we 
will continue to optimize that. 
 So this is, I would say, the drop in margins is actually a very healthy sign in this particular case 
because we are acquiring more users that are profitable for us. And over the years in the coming 
quarters, you will see revenue growth that will make up for the short -term margin erosion. 
Kiddopia usually has a two years LTV that we see. So we will continue to generate users or 
revenues from users over a two to three years period that we acquire. 
 All along the last two years, we've maintained that we will maintain a very strong discipline on 
the cost of acquisition of the user because we don't want to acquire users at any cost. And I think 
that's what we are able to achieve now. So we are feeling very positive about Kiddopia's growth 
and defensibility of margins going forward. 
Sachin Dixit: Just to clarify on this, right, obviously, margins in Kiddopia have consistently dipped from 25% 
in Q3 last quarter to reaching 9% this quarter, right? So should we anticipate that margins will 
remain ~9% range, as you highlighted, like you spent on customer acquisition and without 
basically seeing a lot of leverage on the currently acquired cohort, unlikely that you will see 
margin improvement in the near future? 
Nitish Mittersain: No. I think the point is the margins have dipped because we have spent more in this quarter. 
Sachin Dixit: But do you plan to spend. 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes. And we will continue to spend, but also you have to realize that as we keep spending higher, 
the revenues will also start scaling. So they will start offsetting the higher spends in terms of 
margins. So margins until unless we really get good fantasti c traction and let's say, we are able 
to further significantly increase our spend, let's say, if the spends remain as they were in Q3 and 
Q4, Q1, Q2 of next year, then the margins will automatically start coming back as the revenues 
will grow. 
Sachin Dixit: And just to close this, do you have any margin number in mind FY '27, '28  that I will hit these 
numbers? 
Nitish Mittersain: I think I would say I would not hazard a guess on margins. The only point I would like to say is 
that within our profitable equation of acquiring users, we usually follow a policy where we want 
to earn back 100% in two years period of whatever capital we invest in user acquisition. As long 
as we are able to achieve that, we will maximize our spends for growth. 
 On offline business, let me give you -- I have Shreyes here, who's heading our offline gaming 
business. But let me give a quick overview of what's happening. Our Funky Monkey centers 
have been expanding pretty rapidly, and we're launching about one to two new centers per month 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
currently. So we're seeing rapid expansion. These centers have a breakeven period of less than 
one year. So we can continue to see rapid growth over there. 
 In terms of Smaaash, we are right now in the midst of relaunching all new imagine Smaaash , I 
think that will take probably a couple of quarters to launch before we start expanding. So we've 
kind of optimized a lot of costs in the current operations, which show up in the margins. We've 
also closed down one center, which was kind of loss-making, so that loss has gone away. 
So I think some level of optimization has been going on. But the real growth in Smaaash will 
come once we relaunch the all -new Smaaash in the next couple of quarters.  Do you have any 
specific question on this? Otherwise, I can move on. 
Sachin Dixit: No. I just wanted to comp rehend right? So for example, if I look at Funky Monkey, we have 
61% EBITDA margin, right, which means that we are able to sweat our assets quite well. if I 
have a business which breaks even in a year and does 60% margins, I'll probably invest all my 
money there. So just to understand, which is why I'm asking the question, is 61% the sustainable 
margin or maybe something like a 40-ish percent the right margin? 
Nitish Mittersain: I think on a steady -state basis, 35 - 40% is what we should project. But we are doing actually 
that, right? We have an intent to really expand the number of centers. But because it's launching 
new centers is operationally heavy, we want to make sure we are well geared to do that before 
we really scale. But right now, this one to two centers a month launch is already in way. If I 
were to zoom out, I think over the next couple of years, can we get to 100 Funky Monkey centers 
in India, we surely can. 
 On core gaming, the last question you asked was on investments, the minority investments we 
have made. I think the point here really is twofold. One is what is the strategic Indian 
opportunity. As you know, Indian gaming today, if you look globally, in ter ms of number of 
downloads on mobile phones is Number 1 on Google Play, Number 1 on Apple Store, 1 or 2 
sometimes. So there's a lot of consumption. 
However, we are not even in the top 10 on monetization. But slowly and steadily, I'm very 
confident that we will inch up and get there. And India will eventually become a very large 
monetizable gaming market going forward. So our intent is that while today, Nazara's revenues 
are largely coming from international markets. 
And in the near term, I believe that will continue to grow faster in the international markets. It's 
very important for us as our home base being India, we kind of continue to invest very 
aggressively in this market. So, I think, some of these investments you 've seen in the past also 
like Stan, Rusk, in this time nCore are with an intent to invest in the local gaming ecosystem and 
create a network and ecosystem for Nazara that we can continue to exploit as the market grows. 
 Specifically for nCore, they are makers of the FAU-G game, which is made in India competitor 
to many of the international games like PUBG in India. So I believe that's a game that Nazara is 
already publishing. The game is on a good track in terms of the KPIs, early KPIs we are seeing 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
with the quality and the feedback of customers we are getting. So we've taken this call to have a 
minority position. 
 These investments are all minority at this point of time. We will continue to engage with the 
respective companies. And at some point, we may either monetize these investments or we could 
take larger stakes or we could acquire. So we've kept all the options open for ourselves. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. 
Jinesh Joshi: Sir, in the NODWIN business, the turnaround that we have seen in the PPT, we have mentioned 
that it is primarily attributable to breakeven in some of the IPs like Comic Con. But given the 
swing that we have seen in this quarter on the EBITDA side, can you talk a bit more about which 
all IPs broke even? And also the fact that it appears multiple IPs seem to have done well in this 
quarter. So what led to turnaround in most of them in this quarter? So, yes, your thoughts on 
that? 
Nitish Mittersain: Why don't I get Akshat, who's the CEO of NODWIN to answer this. Akshat? 
Akshat Rathee: Thanks so much. I appreciate the question. Look, I think the core business of NODWIN was 
always doing well, has always been doing well for a very long time. It is the reason why we are 
such a dominant in the world and one of the top three companies in the world. What clouded us 
in the last one year was this attempt that we had done to go ahead and build a European business 
in Germany specifically that didn't work out. 
And that was a drag on everything, right? So even if we were making natural profitability in the 
business for around 20%, 25%, 30% margins, that was all eaten away. And not only was that 
eaten away, it prevented an R&D investment in growth, which we typically do over the business. 
So, NODWIN actually likes going in profit, building IPs and IPs typically have a three -year 
build-out cycle for us. Year one is what we call an experiment. 
We typically expense this out. Year two is when it starts going and generating traction, and we 
know it's successful. We have a 60% culling rate in IPs that you would test in the first year to 
second year gestation. And then second year once they are good enough to go ahead and do and 
they scale up in the way, and we believe they will go ahead and have payback periods that are 
viable. IPs start being called IPs really in year three for us. 
And that takes time, right? So if you looked at some of the things that we've been building over 
a certain number of years, most of our IPs in the large businesses are over 10 years old, whether 
it be NH7, All That Matters, DreamHack, Comic Con, large ones, the BGMI, etcetera. Even the 
domestic ones that we have are hitting five -year cycles. So all of those cycles that are now 
sustainable cycles start going and generating farming revenue for us, which is sustainable, long-
term, repeatable for us. 
 The first three years are always the chaotic period for us, and those are the ones that are also 
going to start showing some offshoots in the next one to three years. Even Starladder, for 
example, we won the award for the world's best Esport tournament literally, the Grammys and 
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
the Oscars, the way we won the tournament of the year award. This is a team that has total staff 
size of 18 people. 
They were when we acquired them, we then ingested them into the NODWIN ecosystem. We 
supported them, which is there. And then with Indian hard work and Starladder ’s finesse, we 
were able to go ahead and do this. And the profitability in that business is what you see that 
comes out of it. So sustainably on a long-term basis, this is our road map. 
 The other thing that we've done is we also rationalize the certain costs as all the organizations 
go through, we have a synergy team whose entire job is to go and integrate every company that 
we acquire into a more holistic. So, typically, those would be s ix months to nine months after 
acquisitions, we would have layoffs that would happen on adjustments or some of those people 
would be put into newer projects. So both cost -cutting exercise and likely maturing has gone 
and helped. And hopefully, this goes and sustains as we go forward. 
Jinesh Joshi: Understood. So, basically, just to sum it up, deconsolidation of for you and some of the legacy 
IPs did well in this quarter, and that is the reason why you see the outperformance, right? 
Akshat Rathee: Correct. So Freaks 4U was always a trap like it was something that we made a mistake, right? 
Like -- and it's not the only mistake we have made. We also had the wings time which are there. 
So we do keep trying, and we've also done four other investments during this time, which is 
Comic Con, Tri nity, AFK Gaming, others, which have done phenomenally well for us  there. 
And that's the reason NODWIN is going out and raising a new round and in that part of the 
raising the round. The world loves wha t we do. It just makes me a little greyer more and more 
often when things don't work out, but the world does like what we do. So, yes. 
Jinesh Joshi: Understood. Two small bookkeeping questions from my side. First is that if I look at our 
depreciation expense on a sequential basis, it has basically remained flat despite the 
deconsolidation of NODWIN. Ideally the amortization figure for you should have b een 
eliminated and to that extent, the expense should have been lower. So any reason why we have 
not seen a decline over there? That is one. 
 And secondly, I mean, in response to previous participant's question, you mentioned about the 
EBITDA margin profile of the offline business. I just wanted to check because I believe most of 
these centers would be on lease. So whatever margins you are seeing, whether these are pre-Ind 
AS EBITDA margins or post-Ind AS EBITDA margin? 
Nitish Mittersain: Sure. I think on the depreciation question, while some of the Freaks depreciation has gone out, 
you have Smaaash and other depreciation that have got added. So, I think, Curve depreciation is 
also added. So, I think, it's kind of got balanced out in terms of the other acquisitions we have 
done. 
 In terms of the other question on the offline business, this is the 40-45% elevated margin we are 
seeing is because of also the Ind AS accounting, as you rightly point out, where the lease comes 
below EBITDA. 
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Jinesh Joshi: Right. So what will be the true EBITDA margin? Any color you can share on that? 
Nitish Mittersain: I think on a steady state, what I said earlier, between 25% to 35% is where we should land up 
at. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Pranav Mashruwala from Dolat Capital. 
Pranav Mashruwala: Just doubling down on NODWIN just again. So this is again largely -- which were some of the 
key IPs that drove this outperformance, almost 60% Q -on-Q growth  despite Freaks  4U 
deconsolidation? 
Akshat Rathee: So, NODWIN as its expanded into its global role. Just as a matter of record, NODWIN is among 
the top 2 Esports companies and gaming companies in the world now, both by revenue. We are 
the only profitable one, which is the largest emerging market one. So we've been able to go 
ahead and build this. 
 What it does is -- I'm going to take a little longer, maybe two minutes to explain this. What it 
does is when we acquire assets and when we go ahead and build the IP, for example, when I say 
this Counter-Strike, it just sounds like a normal another event that we do, right? So the Counter-
Strike made is like the World Cup that we hosted. It's the world championship of Counter-Strike.  
That was in Budapest, the best teams in the world come in, the millions of dollars of high schools 
are coming in. And when you build something like this and go ahead and do this, it goes and 
does multiple tens of millions of dollars of a onetime exercise. But what it does really, the reason 
it is there is that's onetime, right? I mean it's not really sustainable. The next time we'll do this is 
two to three years later, something as large. 
 But what it does is it builds credibility for someone like NODWIN, which is coming from India 
and the world doesn't think that India is the best place to go ahead and do it, but that reputation 
is changing really fast with what we do. That gives other publ ishers and other world 
championships, the opportunity to go ahead and tell us, hey, would you like to go ahead and do 
our championship? 
And so on the back of this acquisition on the back of the world championship that we did and 
the fact that we won the tournament of the year, we've now got a order book of at least 10 other 
events that have come in into our portfolio that we would not have. The bigger companies in the 
world, mostly the Europeans or the Chinese ones would have got the opportunity to do it. So 
that's the reason why this has happened and that makes it sustainable. 
 Now on a specific IP level, we've been able to do a Major. We've been able to do DreamHack. 
We did the Honor of Kings Championship , Kings Championship in Astana, and then we went 
and did a Dubai event. So all of those have now just started creating on the Esports part of the 
business, but also the culture side of the business, when we go ahead and do something like a 
Comic Con. 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
It creates the opportunity for Disney to come to us and say, hey, would you like to go ahead and 
do something with our launch portfolio that is interesting for us. So most of these things, when 
you do great things, go and just does a cascade effect that all ows you to go ahead and do more  
in the future. 
Pranav Mashruwala: Thanks for the detailed answer. The bookkeeping side again, although NODWIN has reported a 
healthy profit, it has not quite trickled down to share of associates and JV in the P&L statement, 
which is right now just a mild INR3 lakh loss. What explains this? 
Nitish Mittersain: There's, I think, Freaks 4U for impairment that would have translated into below EBITDA. 
Pranav Mashruwala: What would be the impairment size? 
Nitish Mittersain: Sorry, you are asking for NODWIN's contribution or earnings per share or you're talking of 
Nazara's? 
Pranav Mashruwala: No, I was asking, so have the Freaks 4U impairment really netted off most of the proportionate 
gains that we recorded in NODWIN? 
Rakesh Shah: Rakesh here. In Associate you are not seeing the impact of NODWIN's profit because there is a 
loss which is coming from the Moonshine. 
Nitish Mittersain: Let me explain that. So you have the share of associate of profit coming from NODWIN, but 
that is completely offset by incurred loss of Moonshine, which is PokerBaazi. They have an 
operating loss of INR30 crore for the quarter. So we are 46% of that is offsetting the NODWIN 
gains. 
Pranav Mashruwala: Okay. Understood. So, going forward, would there be further loss to record for the real gaming 
business? 
Nitish Mittersain: We had impaired most of the value that we were carrying in the last quarter. Exact amount maybe 
Rakesh can confirm that we are still carrying on the books, of which INR30 crore would have 
eroded in this quarter. 
 So, there could be some, but also they are working on different revenue streams, etcetera. So, 
hopefully, some of that will reduce going forward. 
Pranav Mashruwala: Okay. Just last one. The minority interest of about INR9 million is attributed largely to Adtech. 
Nitish Mittersain: Minority, what? 
Pranav Mashruwala: Minority interest outgo of INR9 million. 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes, yes. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Kunal Bajaj from Choice Equity. 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Kunal Bajaj: Congratulations on a good set of results. So I have two questions in particular. Firstly, we see 
Sportskeeda. So we have observed that there is some arrest in a quarter-on-quarter decline in top 
line, but on a Y -o-Y basis, still down. So how do we see this  business growing? How are we 
placed in terms of initiatives post the Google update changes? This is one. 
 And secondly, we see that F usebox obviously has taken a hit this quarter. So do you see any 
seasonality effect because of absence of an on -air show? Or have any trend on this, that's the 
question. 
Nitish Mittersain: Sure. Let me answer the second one. I think we have Terry here on the call, right? 
Anupriya Das: Yes, Terry here. 
Terry Lee: I'm here. 
Nitish Mittersain: Okay. So, I think, maybe Terry can answer them. 
Terry Lee: Yes, sure. Thank you for the question. So, yes, with Fusebox Games being all linked to TV show 
IPs, we definitely do see seasonality effects, but more specifically somewhat in the organic, but 
more specifically in our user acquisition. So when the TV shows  are on and also depending on 
how well the TV shows do. 
Whether or not there's a virality  effect similar to what we saw in the summer in Q2 with like 
exposure on TikTok and Instagram about particular storylines and celebrities, then user 
acquisition becomes a lot cheaper for us because it's a lot easier to find our players. And so we 
end up sp ending very aggressively, still within profitability, but we end up spending very 
aggressively. 
 So, what you'll see is over the year, our UA is kind of very stable, but we do have kind of 
quarterly and even monthly spikes. But as I think the presentation states is whilst we spend 
aggressively where we can, which is what you're seeing, we will then see that profit come back, 
and we normally have a 60-day payback period for our user acquisition. 
Nitish Mittersain: Thank you, Terry. And can we have Ajay, who's the CEO of Sportskeeda to respond. 
Ajay Pratap Singh: Sure. Thanks, Nitish. Thanks for the question. See, when you look at the ASPL level, right now, 
we have a portfolio approach. Along with Sportskeeda, we have seven, eight other domains that 
we've acquired and managed.  Yes, there has been a decline in Sportskeeda pertaining to the 
March core update that came in FY '25. And since then, we've seen a decline in traffic. Now this 
is a normal phenomenon, to be honest, which happens across all the publishers. 
We've been lucky over the last five years that we've been able to manage it so well that never 
once was Sportskeeda impacted. But unfortunately, we were wrongly caught in the crossfire last 
March. 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
 Now to address that, we have significantly decreased cost. If you look at the Y-o-Y quarter cost 
comparisons, we are down by 32% in terms of cost. However, we are also seeing and witnessing 
good growth on the other domains that we have. For example, Pro Football Network. 
Now Pro Football Network Y -o-Y has seen an increase in revenue of 36% with a decrease in 
expense of 11%. At a YTD level or nine months level, this has been the best year for Pro Football 
Network. 58% increase in revenues, while expenses just growing 3%. So we believe Sportskeeda 
will also come back. Now when it comes back, we don't know, till then we want to run it lean. 
 Just to add one more point, Pro Football Network also saw this Google Core impact update last 
year, and it took them around 2.5 to 3 quarters to come back. So we believe in the next couple 
of updates, we should see some bounce back. 
 The other thing is that while Google and relying on Google gives us high volume, we have now 
also started focusing a lot on other initiatives. One such initiative, if I could mention here is 
CricRocket, which is a live scoring app. We have a well-built direct sales team here in India. We 
have been working CricRocket app for the last 1, 1.5 years. 
And come with World Cup and IPL, we will be spending a little higher on that. So, on one end, 
we would still want to come back on Google for volumes. And on the other hand, we would also 
want to kind of akin ourselves to the Google volatility and build mor e towards the new 
initiatives. 
Kunal Bajaj: Sure. That's helpful. And one last question to Nitish sir. So, sir, we obviously see that margins 
have expanded because of the Nodwin desubsidiarisation. So are we seeing this trend to continue 
going forward for the next quarters? 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes, I think you will see higher margins. And I think as our businesses focuses on the core 
gaming business, which is the IP-driven games that we make. Eventually, the margin should rise 
to beyond 20% is what we are working towards. 
Kunal Bajaj: Okay. Any timeline for that? 
Nitish Mittersain: I think in the coming year, maybe in two, three quarters, we should get there. 
Moderator: The next question comes from the line of Bhavik from Invexa Capital LLP. 
Bhavik: Sir, when I see the presentation and the numbers, I just fail to understand like where exactly our 
growth will come from, say, in FY '27. Could you just point out some specific divisions or IPs 
or like things which will actually drive growth in terms of numbers, one? And what will lead to 
improvement in margins? 
We say we are doing IP-related work, but I'm just not able to understand how that will translate 
to numbers in, say, FY '27. So if you could provide some color or some guidance, that would be 
really helpful. And sir, how much is the net cash in the books? And how do we plan to utilize it 
going ahead? 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes. So while we have many growth drivers and many things happening, maybe I'll give you a 
couple of specific examples on where we see tangible growth coming in FY '27. One is our 
portfolio of Fusebox games where we are doing IP licensing, right? Most of the revenues that 
you see in the current year, FY '26 have come from only one game, which is Love Island.  
However, in the last six, nine months after we've acquired the business, we work closely with 
the team to launch many more well -known games, including Big Boss in India, Big Brother 
globally. And we have a very large launch for the traders license, which is again a global launch, 
and that IP is even more popular than Love Island. 
So we've got multiple products out there, which we believe will drive meaningful growth in the 
coming year. That's one example. The second is Kiddopia, as you can see in this quarter, we've 
got the right traction in terms of the user acquisition in the range of spends or costs we want to 
do. So we are going to continue to step on the pedal there. 
And I believe you will see Kiddopia growing well again in FY '27. Another example is our 
offline gaming businesses, which are driving growth, especially Funky Monkey, which 
continues to expand very actively. 
 So, I would say, by and large, most of our businesses are on a growth curve. We've got good 
growth plans and new IP launches for the PC and console space through Curve. Maybe I'll just 
ask after I stop talking, I'll ask Stuart, who is the CEO of Curve to throw some light on that. So, 
I think, broadly, we feel quite confident that our existing businesses will deliver good growth in 
the coming year. 
 In terms of the cash question that you have, we have a net cash of approximately INR700 crore 
in our books at this point of time, including our subsidiaries. In terms of usage, we will deploy 
in organic growth where we require the capital. 
And we will also undertake additional M&A, especially of gaming studios going forward.  If I 
can just ask Stuart to throw a little light on what's happening on Curve and the IPs that we are 
adding to the portfolio, it will be helpful. Stuart, are you there? 
Stuart Dinsey Yes. Thanks, Nitish. Hi, everybody. As Anupriya mentioned earlier, we are performing in line 
with our expectations with a relatively high -margin business. And we've been maximizing our 
catalogue, and we've also had a number of new platform initiatives. Going forward, with the 
help of Nazara being part of the Nazara Group, we are investing in new titles. And really growth 
for us comes from the release of new games. 
And we have signed five or six new titles since we were acquired, and they will start to appear 
through FY '27 and FY '28.  So, for us, it's really about increasing the pipeline whilst retaining 
the relatively low cost base of running a traditional games formats publisher with a 
comparatively high margin outlook on the performance. 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Bhavik: To understand when we say we will expand in offline business, like how many stores do we plan 
to open? And how much will be the investment we require generally? And what is the time we 
take to break even at the stores? 
Nitish Mittersain: Look, like I said in an earlier question, sorry,  since Stuart is offline. So I'll take it up. Shreyes, 
are you there? 
Shreyes Menon: Yes. 
Nitish Mittersain: Shreyes, why don't you answer that question? 
Shreyes Menon: As this was explained before as well. So in a steady state, we are looking at 25% to 30% EBITDA 
margin coming in with a typical breakeven point of 18 to 24 months in the offline business, both 
for Smaaash and Funky. 
Bhavik: Yes. And what is generally the economics for to open a new outlet or a store? 
Shreyes Menon: So, right now, given that at fundamentally the growth sector that we are looking at, this is a 
typical investment from a INR1 crore to INR2 crore per store. At Smaaash, like how we have 
earlier also spoken, Smaaash 2.0, which will open in H1 next year. Post that, we'll be able to 
give you more clarity on the economics for Smaaash. 
Nitish Mittersain: I just want to step in and add one more to your earlier question on the growth for FY '27. I think 
one more area that we are quite excited about growth into FY '27 is our Animal Jam business of 
WildWorks because there are multiple things we have done there  in terms of the existing 
product, launching it on Roblox. 
And for the first time that studio, WildWorks is launching a new game called Go Slinky. So a 
lot of activity happening there.  And if I may just call Jeff, who is the CEO of WildWorks, to 
give us a quick overview. It will be helpful. Jeff, over to you. 
Jeff Amis: Thanks, Nitish. Yes, thanks for the question. I hope you can hear me okay. 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes. 
Jeff Amis: We are very excited about an alpha release of Slinky. This is Go Slinky Go, which is a hyper -
casual game in the likes of MONOPOLY GO! It has been received so well by those that we have 
done some beta alpha testing with so far. We'll go to a public release in by the end of the first 
quarter of FY '27. And we really are advocates that growth within WildWorks is going to 
principally come from new games. 
And we're thrilled over the last several months of development of this new game that we get to 
launch in the coming months Animal Jam as noted on Roblox now. It will just stay there for a 
little bit before we're going to see the performance increase, and we will be patient with it. 
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
  Nazara Technologies Limited 
  February 04, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
But our core game, both on desktop and mobile for Animal Jam continues to hold steady, and 
we're thrilled with opportunities that are coming up to monetize even better as we now have 
validating our data appropriately after a massive migration away from Ama zon or AWS to 
Google Cloud Platform and with the COE.  
Moderator: The line has been disconnected. 
Nitish Mittersain: Okay. Anyway, I think we got the points. We can carry out. 
Bhavik: And any numerical guidance which you can provide? 
Nitish Mittersain: Not at this point. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Nitish Mittersain: Thank you, everyone, for the detailed questions. Thank you for all the Nazara management to 
be on the call, many of them at very early mornings all over the world. And I wish you all a very 
good day. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Choice Equity Broking Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors,  
although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 