
===== PDF PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 November 17, 2025 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543280 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051. 
Scrip Symbol: NAZARA 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on November 13, 2025: 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
In furtherance to our letter dated November 13, 2025 regarding the audio recording of the investors 
earnings call for the Q2 & FY2026 Results, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the said call. 
The Transcript is also available on the Company’s website i.e. www.nazara.com.  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nazara Technologies Limited  
 
 
 
Arun Bhandari 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
===== PDF PAGE 2 =====
   
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Nazara Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY26 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 13, 2025 
     
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITISH MITTERSAIN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AND JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – NAZARA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH SHAH – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NAZARA TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT SHARMA, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – NAZARA 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. ANUPRIYA SINHA DAS – HEAD OF CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT – NAZARA TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. AKSHAT RATHEE – CO-FOUNDER AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – NODWIN GAMING PRIVATE LIMITED 
MR. AJAY PRATAP SINGH – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
ABSOLUTE SPORTS PRIVATE LIMITED  
MR. SENTHIL GOVINDAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
DATAWRKZ BUSINESS SOLUTIONS PRIVATE LIMITED 
MR. SHREYES MENON – HEAD, OFFLINE GAMING – 
NAZARA TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. TERRY LEE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – FUSEBOX 
GAMES  
MR. STUART DINSEY – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
CURVE GAMES 
  

===== PDF PAGE 3 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
MODERATOR: MR. ANAND SRINIVASAN – SPARK INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Nazara Technologies Q2 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call  hosted by Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited . As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing st ar then zero on your touchtone phone.  Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Srinivasan from  Spark Institutional Equities 
Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Anand Srinivasan: Thanks Swapnali. Hi, everyone. On behalf of Avendus Spark, I welcome you all to the Q2 FY 
'26 Earnings Call of Nazara Technologies Limited. We have with us the management team 
represented by Mr. Nitish Mittersain, CEO and JMD at Nazara Technologies; Mr. Rohit Sharma, 
Executive Director; Nazara Technologies; Mr. Rakesh Shah, CFO , Nazara Technologies ; Ms. 
Anupriya Sinha Das , Head of Corporate Development  at Nazara Technologies; Mr. Shreyes 
Menon, Head of Offline Gaming at Nazara Technologies; Mr. Terry Lee , CEO of Fusebox 
Games; Mr. Akshat Rathee, Founder, Nodwin Gaming; Mr. Ajay Pratap Singh, CEO, Absolute 
Sports Private Limited; Mr. Senthil Govindan, CEO of Datawrkz; Mr. Stuart Dinsey, the CEO 
of Curve Games. 
I would like to hand over the call to the management for opening remarks. Over to you, Nitish 
sir. 
Nitish Mittersain: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. To start off, 
Nazara delivered INR 1025.2 crores in revenue in H1 FY26, up 80.2% year -on-year, and INR 
109.4 crores EBITDA, up 118.5% year-on-year. Our core gaming EBITDA came in at 23.2%. 
In Q2 FY26, revenue was INR  526.5 crores, up 65.1%, and EBITDA was INR  62 crores, up 
146.4% year-on-year. Our PAT was negative INR  33.9 crores in Q2 FY26, predominantly due 
to the real money gaming ban and our impairment of Moonshine Technologies. And our PAT 
for H1 FY26 was INR 17.4 crores. Our operating cash flow for the first half of this year was 
INR 71.5 crores on a pre -tax basis, up 170.8% year -on-year, demonstrating a high cash 
conversion to our EBITDA and reported PAT. 
Growth was driven by scaling up our live ops, improved retention and multi -platform 
monetization across mobile, PC, console and offline. At this point of time, over 90% of our 
gaming revenue comes from international markets, with a strong focus on the US a nd the UK 
markets. 
===== PDF PAGE 4 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Mobile gaming remained our primary engine of growth, led by gaming IPs such as Love Island, 
Big Brother, Kiddopia, Animal Jam, WCC, etc. Our PC-Console publishing business performed 
quite well through successful IPs such as Human Fall Flat and Wobbly Life. Offline gaming led 
by Smaaash and Funky Monkeys has been growing well and is expanding rapidly now for us. 
Our centers of excellence in user acquisition, analytics, AI and growth are demonstrating good 
success for us with improved cost of customer acquisition, expanding our lifetime value of each 
customer and more importantly, creating synergies and operating l everage across the different 
studios that we operate.  These shared capabilities are compounding portfolio performance at 
scale, and we will see increasingly improved metrics in the quarters to come due to these 
initiatives. 
During the quarter, as you all would know, new regulations in India's online skill -based real-
money gaming space prompted Nazara to record an impairment on its investment in Moonshine 
Technologies, which operated PokerBaazi based on fair valuation as per accounting 
standards.We've always taken a conservative approach to our accounting presentation, and that's 
why we've taken a significant impairment in this quarter itself.  
Also, Nazara’s stake in Nodwin Gaming came below 50%, which resulted in de-subsidiarization 
of the business. Consequently, while earlier we were carrying this at investment value in our 
books, we have now taken it at fair value, leading to a meaningful one-time gain. 
This quarter's performance, despite the headwinds faced , demonstrates Nazara's resilience and 
validates our strategy of a diversified portfolio, providing stability to the overall platform and 
allowing us to take surprises in our stride while continuing to scale. 
With that, I will now hand over to Anupriya to discuss segment al performance. Over to you, 
Anupriya. 
Anupriya Sinha Das: Thank you, Nitish. Good morning, everyone. I'll start with the performance of our core gaming 
segment, which consists of mobile gaming, PC-Console publishing, as well as the offline gaming 
segment. 
In H1 FY26, on a year-on-year basis, our core gaming segment grew by 159% in revenue terms 
and 253% in EBITDA terms. The EBITDA margin for this business was 23.2%. In Q2  FY26, 
on a year-on-year basis, the segment grew by 159% in revenues and 213% in EBITDA, with an 
EBITDA margin of 22.1%. Starting with the mobile gaming segment, the momentum remains 
strong with broad -based growth across Love Island, Animal Jam, and W CC. We also added 
CATS and KOT as the new IPs in this segment. 
In Q2  FY26, mobile revenue grew 81% and EBITDA grew 95% year -on-year, reflecting 
improved UA efficiency, live-ops cadence, and content refreshes. H1 FY26 trend was similarly 
robust, with revenue up 83% and EBITDA up 109% year -on-year. Operationally, we executed 
our systematic growth framework, sustaining Love Island's longevity with Season 13 featuring 
===== PDF PAGE 5 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
on App Store, scaling Kid dopia investments at disciplined economics and delivering revenue 
uplifts in Animal Jam through new content. We also advanced IP expansion initiatives, including 
Animal Jam's upcoming Roblox launch and Bigg Boss launch for the Indian market. 
Moving to PC and console publishing, we continued to demonstrate high -margin IP 
monetization and expanding platform reach. Curve Games benefit ted from evergreen catalog 
strength and new platform initiatives, with Human Fall Flat delivering 1.25 million units in 
September 2025, up 25% year -on-year, while Wobbly Life surpassed 2 million lifetime units 
and is being now developed for Switch 2. 
Turning to offline gaming consisting of Sma aash and Funky Monkey s, the portfolio delivered  
INR 12 crores of EBITDA in H1  FY26 at a 27.5% margin. Within the quarter, Sma aash and 
Funky Monkeys together drove revenue and EBITDA with a clear, discipline-led playbook. We 
launched three new Funky Monkey centers in Q2 FY26 and continued to progress the Smaaash 
2.0 revamp with a re-launch targeted for FY27. Offline remains both cash-accretive today and a 
valuable audience funnel into our digital IPs.  
Moving on to the other segments, AdTech delivered strong growth and robust profitability with 
strong Q2 FY26 performance, such as revenue increased by 501% and EBITDA grew by 289% 
year-on-year for it. For H1 FY26, the AdTech business contributed to INR 10 crores of EBITDA. 
 The combination supports client synergies, broader cross-market solutions, and a shift 
towards higher margin product lines.  
Nodwin’s core business showed profitable growth in Q2  FY26 as revenue and EBITDA for its 
core business grew 31% and 32% respectively. The business sharpened focus on youth content 
and influencer IPs and is scaling eSports across India, Saudi Arabia, and other emerging markets. 
 Nodwin appointed a global gaming veteran as a Non-Executive Director. The business 
also refined playbook and stronger synergies are now improving outcomes. Backed by equity 
infusions, divestments, and expanding profits, Nodwin is pre paring an additional  raise to 
accelerate its global strategy. 
In Absolute Sports, Sportskeeda delivered INR 7.2 crores of EBITDA in H1  FY26, even as it 
navigated lower organic traffic following Google's update. Management has proactively 
executed cost measures, driving a 13% year -on-year cost reduction in Q2 and planning a 40% 
year-on-year reduction in Q3. Other properties performed well with Pro Football Network 
revenue increasing 83% year-on-year in H1 with modest cost reduction.  Similarly, 
Prime Timer grew 178% year-on-year post-acquisition and last year's acquisitions such as Soap 
Central and Deltia’s Gaming grew 195% year-on-year in Q2. With this, I conclude my remarks 
and will now open the call for Q&A. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
===== PDF PAGE 6 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Jinesh Joshi: Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, we have taken a provision for impairment in Freaks4U of about 
INR 206 crores. So , what led to this impairment? And also , if I remember it right, we had 
invested about INR  271 crores over here. Please correct me if my number is incorrect. So 
apparently on that base, the impairment appears to be quite substantial in nature.  So, if 
you can provide some color on that. While in the  investor presentation , we have stated that 
Freaks4U is facing some headwinds in Europe given high layoffs and the stagnating market in 
Europe. But I think we invested in this company maybe about a year back or perhaps one and a 
half year back. And suddenly we are having an impairment. So just some color on that. 
Akshat Rathee: Hi, this is Akshat. I'm the Founder of Nodwin. Can you hear me? Just doing a sound check. 
Jinesh Joshi: Yes. 
Akshat Rathee: Okay, excellent. So some minor factual corrections. We had invested into Freaks as an associate 
and then we ramped up our investments into this. This is about a two -year-old asset 
approximately that we have. That's getting there. When the investment was in itially made into 
this, Europe was doing very well.  Esports was doing really well. And the gaming market 
was far more robust than it is right now. However, with whatever has been happening on 
geopolitical levels, Europe as such has gone through a very, very bad time.  Not just a 
normal bad time, it has been a very, very bad time. So, layoffs currently in that sector are in the 
hundreds of thousands of people across the world. And Europe per se has shut down most 
companies in that space.  So, obviously marketing dries up when you're firing people and 
headwinds are in play. Plus AI is also playing in that space a lot. So , budgets, people, etc., are 
all being cut. 
Now, the second part is Europe is also going through an aging crisis, which has also made it 
extremely expensive to  move people out of the business. And the last one, which is very 
important, is eSports - per se - in the Western markets has died. It's only becoming an emerging 
market and a Saudi Arabia phenomenon.  And in these markets, it's doing phenomenally well. 
So as eSports dies in those markets, we are hit with triple headwinds. And the final question on 
this was how much had we invested?  Our total i nvestment in this asset was around EUR 42 
million. So closer to INR 420-430 crores. As of now, an associate -based accounting has an 
impairment that you're seeing, which is Nazara’s share.  The rest of the total impairment for 
us is there. We are doing proactive work where we believe the cash that the company requires 
to go ahead and keep surviving is not going to be sustainable for us to go ahead and keep on 
funding this asset in the future. 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes. Jinesh, this is Nitish. I just wanted to add a couple of points here. I think it's important to 
understand that a lot of the investment was through equity swap into a subsidiary of Nodwin. 
So, the cash amount was much lower than the total value that is being impaired. I think secondly, 
at least our view is that if we make a mistake, we should recognize it quickly and move ahead 
rather than keeping on, you know, putting more cash into it.  I think Nodwin is also 
aligned with the same.  If you look at Nodwin numbers, actually , the overall business is doing 
quite well this year. But the losses are predominantly coming only from Freaks4U. So, I think 
===== PDF PAGE 7 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
we both agree to take this proactive action in terms of the health of the business as well as well 
as in terms of conservative accounting. I hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: The line for him has been disconnected. 
Nitish Mittersain: Let's move on. 
Moderator: We will take the next participant. The next question is from the line of Manan Poladia from 
MKP Securities. Please go ahead. 
Manan Poladia: Hi, Nitish. Good morning. So, my first question is again on Freaks4U. First, if you could disclose 
the cash value and the share swap value, even if it was in a subsidiary of Nodwin. Secondly, on 
the PokerBaazi impairment that we've taken, I know we've been fairly  conservative and taken 
most of it upfront. I'm just wondering how much of that cash was already used.  There must 
still be some cash on the company's balance sheet. I understand there are contingent liabilities 
as well from the GST department. But if you could explain what the strategy there is going 
forward since we are still major equity shareholders. 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes, sure. Let me answer the PokerBaazi question first and then Akshat can give the clarification 
on the Freaks4U investment breakup. So , on PokerBaazi, I think we've basically taken an 
approach to write off everything through a provision for impairment except for the cash in the 
company broadly. So, I think the delta that you see is the cash in the company. And they have 
over INR 100 crores of cash at this point of time. The company is obviously evaluating multiple 
options. They have an extremely strong poker platform which has been demonstrated at scale in 
India. And therefore, it is quite sought after by global players. And they are exploring a variety 
of global businesses and also how they can potentially leverage their India userbase going 
forward for different offerings. So , I think it's all work in progress. And hopefully by next 
quarter, we will have more concrete updates to give on that. From a Nazara perspective, like I 
said earlier, we usually like to keep our books very clean and take a conservative approach, 
which is w hy we went ahead and took this impairment up front in this quarter itself. On 
Freaks4U, Akshat, can you give the breakup? 
Akshat Rathee: It was a four -tranche investment into this. We had initially invested $9 million into Freaks in 
January of 2024 for a 13.5% equity. After that, we had gone and increased our shares to 57% by 
infusing and stock swapping $25 million + with the Nodwin Singapore asset to the Freaks4U 
shareholders. We additionally have invested around another $6.5 million -$7 million into them 
as primary capital over time . So, a total of about $15 million in cash and $25 million in stock. 
And the balance is stock that is still due, but we will not be going and exercising that asset. So , 
total value with everything put together is around $40 million. 
Manan Poladia: Right, understood. Akshat, just a follow up on that if I can. So, my understanding, at least up till 
last year, was that we are exploring this global eSports opportunity where I think you guys were 
talking about Turkey and outsourcing a lot of the services, part of that, to India. Is that still a part 
of the thesis with what you just told us or is there a change? 
===== PDF PAGE 8 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Akshat Rathee: 100%. Look, I think it's probably a good question which allows me to go ahead and give a small 
commentary around this and it might help everyone else who is potentially going to ask that 
question. N odwin remains extremely gung -ho on the global eSports strategy, but in specific 
sectors of the world. Emerging markets, which is basically the global south, so Latin America, 
India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Nigeria, Kenya, South Africa; and on the East side, we have 
the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia; and then the global Russian south, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, 
etc.. These are the places where the young people are in the world. 
As a youth media company in the world, we need to be very focused towards where we want to 
be growing henceforth. Because this is where young people are. And everywhere in the north, 
people are just getting older. Now, our Freaks asset  gave us the ability to go ahead and get a 
beachhead in a developed market, which would go ahead and potentially bring us a lot of revenue 
that we could then go ahead and funnel into the rest of the locations where we are. That theory 
of going and investing into developed markets, to go ahead and get funneling for the developing 
markets did not work out, specifically from the European point of view. Our theory on this still 
stands. Freaks was actually one of the seven previous assets that we had acquired.  Everything 
after that, which we've been doing, has been working out much better. So even our M&A strategy 
has worked out much better. And thank God we at least didn’t put more cash behind it. I think 
Nitish's counsel was great, where we've been able to go ahead and just impair a lot of the equity 
value that we swapped with. But equity is not cheap for us because we keep growing. So that's 
our idea. We remain robust and we remain strong to go ahead and invest in emerging markets, 
and we'll continue to do so. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital.  
Rahul Jain: Yes. Firstly, if you could elaborate on the new brand identity that we are creating, the new brand 
title, where we are saying that this is around imagination, creation and expansion. So specifically 
on the creation side of it, in terms of what kind of investment we would put in and what kind of 
monetization we are looking into it. And any other plan on the expansion side of it. So I think 
some of the color around this newly founded brand. 
Nitish Mittersain: So Rahul, I'll take that. This is Nitish. So, first, let me give you the whole thinking behind the 
new brand identity, our new logo and our new brand positioning as Enter. Magic. I think what 
we realize is that in today's world, our players’ or generally everyone's life is stressful. And the 
one thing that can really bring some magic or some relief in their lives is, you know, interactive 
entertainment experiences through gaming, through immersive worlds, which is why you have 
so many gamers, right? Today, 500 million+ people in India are playing on their mobile phones 
exactly for that.  
As technology is progressing and at a very rapid rate, we believe that these interactive, 
immersive experiences will really scale up and really become much deeper. And I think that's a 
direction that Nazara is really looking to go, leveraging artificial intelligence, leveraging virtual 
reality, etc.  
===== PDF PAGE 9 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
A lot of our focus, as you know, has been on IP. And the beauty of owning IP s is that you can 
easily transcend IP s into these new platforms and technologies. So  let's take, for example, 
Animal Jam, which is an IP that we own. We are, for example, currently working on a very 
exciting project that takes Animal Jam onto the Roblox platform. But tomorrow we would 
probably work on an immersive world around Animal Jam in the metaverse. So I think providing 
these interactive, magical experiences to our consumer base, to our players, is a direction we are 
going in. And we believe that will be very powerful. So that's the perspective.  
In terms of creation, we will obviously invest more in these technologies, in these developments 
that we are doing. But we will also remain very pragmatic. We don't want to be too early in 
anything and burn a lot of capital. So, you can expect us to continue to remain pragmatic as we 
have been, but also with an inclination towards investing in these emerging technologies. 
Rahul Jain: Right, right. Thanks for the color. One more question from my side. Just to understand the 
Freaks4U part of it from a P&L standpoint. Given your current positioning about that business, 
is it that some more losses would continue in this business as it's ta ken down at the Nodwin 
level? Or will it be moderating now since we have written it off in our case? 
Nitish Mittersain: Akshat, can you take that? 
Akshat Rathee: Of course. So, look, our idea on this is we've written off the entire value of the whole business. 
There is a small provision that has been kept just in case any follow-on losses come. But we are 
fundamentally not going to continue funding this business. So, the management of the business 
has been told very, very clearly if they can go ahead and survive internally with internal support, 
that's great.  Otherwise, we will not be supporting them, which would mean that either 
they will go ahead and file for insolvency or they will go ahead and cut their costs. But as a large 
shareholder while owning 60-62%, we are no longer willing to go ahead and support them on 
an ongoing concern basis. 
Rahul Jain: Sorry, please go ahead. 
Akshat Rathee: That's why we are proactively impairing our entire position on it. 
Rahul Jain: So, I was just trying to understand from an accounting point of view whether the current run rate 
of losses will sustain for that business in the second half of the year? I understand the cash part 
of it, but from an accounting and integration point of view, will we still be carrying the losses in 
the future? 
Nitish Mittersain: I will take that answer. So, I think, Rahul, the company , given this cash position, will not be 
incurring much losses going forward. The company has already been reducing costs at a 
significant rate over the last few quarters. So, I don't estimate similar losses to continue, or they 
will be significantly reduced even if they are there.  
===== PDF PAGE 10 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Rahul Jain: Understood, understood. That's pretty helpful. And similar ly on PokerBaazi, we are not going 
to put any cash, and they already have some bit of cash. I heard you saying that more clarity 
would emerge. But meanwhile, what could be the burn rate on an exit basis, on a monthly or 
quarterly basis? 
Nitish Mittersain: Look, they've had, I think, approximately INR 17 crores burn in this Q2 FY26. I do know they've 
been also working on optimizing  costs, but over there is a delicate balance, because like I was 
saying, their technology platform is in great demand, and they continue to invest in their 
technology team. Some of that revenue that's going to start kicking in may lag by another quarter 
or so.  So, there may be continued losses into Q3 FY26, and we would probably have to take 
our share of that loss as an associate company. But I think over the next quarter, costs will be 
optimized further, revenues will start kicking in. So I think it's maybe one or two quarters more. 
Rahul Jain: So you're saying revenue can potentially come even in Q3? 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes, it should, because like I said, they will be licensing some of their existing platforms to 
external parties and will be working with them. 
Rahul Jain: Right, and if it is possible to share the fixed cost of the business? 
Nitish Mittersain: I don't have it handy, but we'll try and put it out separately. 
Rahul Jain: Sure, sure. Thank you. That's it from my side, and best of luck for the timeline.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Su crit Patil from Eyesight Fintrade Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit Patil: Good morning to the team. I have two questions. Looking beyond the quarter numbers, what is 
the bigger picture for the company? With gaming rules changing and esports becoming the 
mainstream, how are you preparing the company to build a lasting edge beyond just wins or new 
platform launches? Is there something deeper that you're planning, like global partnerships, IP 
creation or engagement forms? Because that will make it hard for the competitors to copy the 
playbook. 
Nitish Mittersain: So, I think our playbook of creating centers of excellence on user acquisition, on artificial 
intelligence, on data analytics, on growth, and we've hired some very strong professionals from 
across the world to lead these centers of excellence that we have created. I believe that this will 
become a significant differentiator and competitive edge for us, because what these will do is 
they will uplift the capabilities in each of these segments for all the studios that we are operating. 
And therefore, as a collective, I think we should be able to achieve a lot more and create distance 
between us and the competition. We're already starting to see early signs. So, for example, our 
center of excellence on user acquisition, we're using some of the latest technologies to deliver 
better results. We're starting to see those greenshoots in games like IPs like Kiddopia, which we 
will show you in Q3 numbers.  So, I think we are quite excited about that aspect of 
===== PDF PAGE 11 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
bringing together these synergies. And on the top of this, our whole focus is on buying the 
gaming IPs or creating gaming IPs, because we believe that, especially in the world of AI, if you 
own well-established IP, that becomes a big differentiator for you, and you can actually leverage 
AI to develop faster, service your consumer base faster. So, I think synergies through our centers 
of excellence plus a focus on buying and building profitable gaming IP from a global perspective 
is really the core business focus at this point of time. 
Sucrit Patil: Thank you. My second question is on margins and cost planning. When the costs rise, whether 
it's marketing, compliance, or IT, how do you make sure the margins stay stable without slowing 
down the growth? Is there any system that you have put into place or you will be putting into 
place like smarter sourcing or digital efficiencies that will help you keep the profits stable even 
when things are getting out of control? I would love to hear your view on that. 
Nitish Mittersain: I think our mindset has always been to deliver profitable growth. And we don't believe in a 
growth-at-all-costs strategy. And I think that's quite baked into our DNA. At this point of time, 
we are definitely seeing an increase in the group costs or at corporate level costs because of the 
centers of excellence that we are investing into quite aggressively and building out the team. 
 At the same time, I think some of these initiatives have a fairly quick payback period, 
which means there won't be a long ge station. Lastly, of course, we are leveraging all new 
technologies to make sure that our costs remain competitive.  And sorry to repeat again a 
buzzword, but I think AI will definitely help us on that front.  We are go ing to, for 
example, launch WCC  4, which is the next version of our cricket game, which is completely 
coded in AI using Claude. So I think some of these emerging technologies will also help us 
optimize our costs, but more importantly, be able to generate a lot more productivity from the 
existing teams that we have. 
Sucrit Patil: Thank you for the guidance and I wish the entire team best of luck for Q3. 
Nitish Mittersain: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: Yes. Am I audible now? 
Moderator: Yes, sir. 
Jinesh Joshi: Yes. I just wanted to know at what valuation did Nodwin raise the money and who are the 
investors? Because, apparently, we have recognized the gain on revaluation . But for Freaks, 
which is a subsidiary of Nodwin, there is an impairment. So if you can just explain that part? 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes. So Nodwin has done two fundraise s. One was last year with Nazara, Krafton and Sony. 
And then a top up earlier this year  - a couple of months back - at broadly the similar valuation. 
Akshat, if you can share more details. But yes, that is it. And Freaks - we have already impaired. 
So that would obviously be the extent of th at loss that would get deducted from the overall 
===== PDF PAGE 12 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
carrying value in our books as well at a consolidated level.  Akshat, do you want to throw some 
more light on that? 
Akshat Rathee: Yes. So for Nodwin, it becomes a slightly longer answer, but I hope it will set context. The cash 
that Nodwin has raised is predominantly from all our existing investors, including me  – the 
founder - who has invested more cash into the company a s Nodwin builds for the future, and 
we have everyone who's still believing in it.  The other part is every company that we are 
acquiring, we have now built the discipline of it being very valuable to external investors, both 
financial and founders who stock swap with us their entire companies to the tune of 80 %, 90% 
or even 100%.  And that's the belief of Nodwin providing liquidity to them and growth to 
them and the group’s synergies to them. As far as our investment, our 1.5-year-old raise with 
Sony was at a pre money valuation of $349 million.  And then everything else has been on top 
of that. The total amount of money we've raised in the last 1.5 years at that pre-money valuation 
sits at about $30 million. 
Jinesh Joshi: Sorry, I'm harping on this issue again. This is the last question from my side. Just wanted to 
check from whatever you have mentioned - apparently, it appears that the post-money valuation 
has not changed that much. But there has been a revaluation gain in the books of Nazara to the 
extent of INR 1,098 crores. So, I just wanted to understand that bit. 
Nitish Mittersain: So I will answer that. So basically, from a Nazara perspective, since we had originally acquired 
a 51% stake in Nodwin and made subsequent investments, the carrying value in our books at a 
consolidated level was at the investment value. And it had never been marked up on the different 
fundraises done by Nodwin since the time of our original investment. And now post de -
subsidiarization, as per  the Ind AS  accounting standards, as an associate, we had to value 
Nodwin at a fair value, which we have taken as the last round of funding value, which was done 
two, three months back. 
Jinesh Joshi: Perfect. Thank you so much, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Dixit from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Sachin Dixit: Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions.  The first one was on 
basically two of our key properties, Kiddopia and Sportskeeda. Both have been struggling or 
seeing headwinds in the recent times. How do you think their recovery will happen if you see 
that there will be a recovery at some point? And when will that point come, if you can talk about 
that, especially from the Kiddopia side, where the average paying users numbers have been 
declining? 
Nitish Mittersain: Sure. So let me take the Kiddopia answer first. Actually, as you know, Kiddopia has struggled 
for quite some time post IDFA, maybe even a couple of years now. But we do now see light at 
the end of the tunnel. We really beefed up the team at Kiddopia, brought in a new business head, 
Manish. And I think the team, along with our centers of excellence, in the last few months has 
===== PDF PAGE 13 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
done some very good work.  And we are finally starting to see positive growth in subscriber 
numbers. We believe at this point of time  Q4 should be able to deliver positive growth in 
subscriber numbers. Alongside increasing ARPUs, reducing churn, etc.  So I think work 
all around is starting to show results and hopefully Q4 we will have positive news for you. In 
terms of Sportskeeda, obviously it has taken a large Google algorithm hit. We were hoping that 
it would have recovered by now because usually in our past experiences with ourselves as well 
as other partners, it takes a few months to come back. But that hasn't happened yet. We do have 
Ajay, the CEO of Sportskeeda, who can share more light on this. 
Ajay Pratap Singh: Thanks, Nitish. As Nitish mentioned, we were hit by a Google Core update which negatively 
impacted our organic traffic in March this year. We've seen this happen across publishers with 
one of our companies also, which is Pro Football Network, which took ar ound 3 quarters to 
come back.  We should see a Google Core update  again in the month of November or 
December. That's how the trend continues. So we're hopeful that we will bounce back soon and 
once we do that, our numbers will go up again. 
Sachin Dixit: So basically, we should expect something happening in Q4, if that's the right way to think? 
Ajay Pratap Singh: Yes, we're hopeful. So different publishers take different times to bounce back. It also depends 
on what Google is releasing in their Google Core update. PFN took around three quarters. It has 
been two quarters for us now. So another couple of updates, we should be good. 
Nitish Mittersain: Just to add to that, I think that while the large impact is on the parent site, which is Sportskeeda, 
the other sites like Pro Football Network, etc . continue to do quite well. Ajay, do you want to 
share something? 
Ajay Pratap Singh: Just to add, if you look at overall ASPL numbers, Sportskeeda is one of our flagship properties, 
which contributes around 85% of overall revenue and 90% of EBITDA and hence, the impact is 
more. But if you talk about the other sites, be it ITRWrestling, TJRWrestling, Prime Timer, Soap 
Central, Deltia’s, or Pro Football Network for that matter , in this H1 they grew 83% Y-o-Y in 
terms of revenues. So all of them have done really, really well. It's just Sportskeeda which has 
been negatively impacted. And once the Google Core update is fixed for us, we should see it 
bounce back as well. 
Sachin Dixit: Sure. Thanks so much for that. My second question is again a bit high level. So across businesses, 
you see quite a lot of volatility in how the growth rates tend to happen for you. Obviously, there 
are certain businesses which have done quite well this quarter in terms of how they've grown. 
So, if you can talk about the sustainability of some of these growth rates, shed some light on 
how we should think about it from a forecasting perspective, what is the right way to think about 
growth rate across these segments? Thank you. 
Nitish Mittersain: Sure. I think if you focus on our core gaming business, what we find is that with improved 
efficiencies across user acquisition and also with a lot more detailed data analytics and CRM 
work that we are doing, we should be able to deliver more predictive growth. We are targeting 
===== PDF PAGE 14 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
to grow our core gaming business at 20 -25% year-on-year. We're also aiming for a n EBITDA 
margin in the 20 -25% range for the core gaming business. I think that is what should be 
achievable, and that's what we are going to focus on driving going forward.  
Sachin Dixit: Sure. Just one housekeeping question, if I may. On Smaaash’s side, while last quarter you 
reported revenue and EBITDA only for the acquired period, it looks like while revenue has 
tripled this quarter, EBITDA remains flat. Is there something incorrect that I'm looking at? 
Nitish Mittersain: I will have to double check interanlly on that. For us, before I jump into that, let me just give 
you a perspective of what is happening on the offline gaming side. We have two offline 
properties right now, Funky Monkeys and Smaaash. Funky Monkeys is on quite an active growth 
path because the core format is working quite well and we are expanding now to multiple stores 
in many cities. We are launching one to two stores every month, which is going to compound. 
So I think we are quite excited about that and there's huge scalability. We believe the current 14 
centers can get to 100 centers in the next couple of years. So that's what we are going after.  
In terms of Smaaash, after acquiring it from NCLT, we are doing two things. One, of course, we 
are cleaning up and getting proper grip on the existing business. Acquiring any business from 
NCLT requires some optimization and we've also made new hires over there. The second thing 
is Smaaash 2.0, which is completely reimagining Smaaash with what Nazara can really bring to 
the table and that is what we are going to try aggressively once we do our first or second POC 
launch.  
Coming back to your housekeeping question, in Q1 FY26, we had INR 8 crores of revenue and 
we reported INR 3 crores of EBITDA. In Q2 FY26, we had INR 24 crores of revenue and we 
reported INR 3.5 crores of EBITDA. That's because Smaaash was consolidated from June. In 
terms of your question on why the EBITDA is low er this quarter, to be honest, I will have to 
double-click on that, so we'll put this information out later. 
Sachin Dixit: Sure. Thank you. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhisek Banerjee: Hi, good morning and thank you for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions from my side. 
Firstly, I saw the game that you put out on Bigg Boss. It seemed like a good proposition. So any 
thought process on what can be the potential revenue from this game going forward and how are 
the early signs of traction? 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes, it's a very early days. We've just kinf of soft-launched it. We are finetuning the initial KPIs 
before we start user acquisition, etc . I will ask Terry, who's the CEO of Fusebox to jump in. I 
think the bigger picture here is that through the Fusebox acquisition that we did, we found that 
the engine that they have made works really well with IP for these narrative-based story games 
and Love Island has already proved that at scale. So what we've really done over the last year 
===== PDF PAGE 15 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
working with the team is to acquire other IPs that we think can do very well and launch games 
around that. So we acquired the Big Brother global license. The game has already been launched 
and the second season of Big Brother has just been launched a couple of weeks back.  Then we 
launched Bigg Boss in India because we also want to make sure that we are translating all our 
studios into from an India context. And I think Bigg Boss has been a good launch towards that. 
And we also acquired the global license for the Traitors IP. So the studio has really moved from 
a one-game studio to a four -game studio in one year.  And I think that should drive substantial 
growth overall into FY27. Bigg Boss -- a little early to comment at this point of time, but given 
India's large userbase, and with the right IPs and the right quality of games and content, we 
should do very well. Terry, you want to add to that? 
Terry Lee: Yes, thanks, Nitish. Yes, as Nitish mentioned it's still very early. We only launched Big g Boss 
last week, Thursday last week. So we're still in the early launch and only starting to engage with 
user acquisition now. However, we're very excited about such a huge IP. And in general, from 
our experience these games take several seasons to compound players and it makes UA cheaper 
such that we can keep growing at scale, but we're very excited about the addressable market for 
Bigg Boss and it's just another IP along the route. And we will continue to grow in this way. 
Abhisek Banerjee: Understood. So Terry, just one follow -up on that. I played the Bigg Boss game a little bit. It 
seemed like it was attuned for the India context. So trying to understand was it developed in 
India or was it developed outside? 
Terry Lee: It was developed both in the UK and India. So we partnered with a trusted partner of Nazara. 
And so, yes, we were working with the UK team and with an Indian partner to make sure that it 
was culturally relevant. And actually , we have some Indian employees as well. So yes, it's a 
mixture of both. 
Abhisek Banerjee: Great. And Nitish, just back to you for one last question, which is on Moonshine. So we have 
seen that in the RMG space, some of the outside players have now pivoted into other business 
offerings. So anything like that on the horizon for Moonshine as well? 
Nitish Mittersain: Definitely. The team there is very hungry to do a lot. Like I was saying earlier, they have a 
fantastic platform. At a global stage, their platform can compete very well. So I think there are 
two broad areas of thinking. One is they have a large  and high-paying consumer base in India, 
which is quite loyal to their brand. And how can they leverage that in making other offerings 
that would be relevant to that user base. That's one area.  
The second is, of course, taking their platform global, both from a direct -to-consumer 
perspective and working with existing RMG platforms globally, and kind of being a B2B 
offering for that. So I think multiple areas are being worked upon by the team. We'll come back 
with a lot more specifics on that in Q3. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Kunal Bajaj from Choice Institutional Equities.  
===== PDF PAGE 16 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Kunal Bajaj: Congratulations on a good set of results. So firstly, my question was on Nodwin. So we have 
seen that Nodwin has been continuously raising funds. So what is the focus area for growth over 
here? And secondly, on the strategy and status of the Nazara publishing business? So if you can 
briefly give a highlight on that. 
Nitish Mittersain: Yes. Akshat, do you want to take the first one? 
Akshat Rathee: Of course. Look, Nodwin has been raising money for some time now, and we continue to raise 
and we have believers in us. This is the last quarter when we were part of the Nazara family till 
our August numbers. And we've loved this journey. But one of the big things is that N odwin is 
growing up, right? We are a company that is now considered one of the best in the world in 
youth media. In emerging markets, we are literally number one or number two in the world. And 
our idea is to keep on building that. And my stated vision is N odwin wants to be  a $1 billion 
revenue company in the next five to seven years. We want to be wherever the youth are. We 
want to have cont ent. We have four legs  – Live, Content, eSports, and Influencers. And these 
are the ones that kind of all come together. And whether it's Comic Con, that is a property that 
we have in India, and we are now taking to multiple parts of the world. Or we are having global 
IPs that come to India, or we have our eSports tournaments happening in Budapest in December, 
of it's the World Championship of Counter  Strike or we have the BGMS activity happening in 
India, or Playground, which is the most watched youth show  in India that's being exported to 
different parts of the world with Banijay or Endemol. Those are all strong verticals for us. And 
we will continue to go ahead and invest in all of these as we go forward. And all the markets 
that we stated are our ramp. And everyone across the world now recognizes that. And that's why 
they invest into us. We have founders who come  join us, and there's more ships that join our 
flotilla to keep on becoming better because these are all great founders . And sometimes those 
founders will fail. We'll never have a 100% success rate. We are blessed if we have a 50% 
success rate. But those founders who will try will go ahead and build value for us. And 
sometimes when those ventures fail, the idea will fail, but the fo unders never fail. And those 
founders will always try to go ahead and start new businesses and new ventures for us. And we 
have already started seeing that with some of our founders launching new ventures that are now 
creating a lot of value for us. Nodwin will remain an IP company where bulk of the cash flows 
will be done through agency and white label work. And long -term value will be through IP 
monetization and global growth in emerging markets. 
Nitish Mittersain: Thanks, Akshat. I will answer the second question around Nazara Publishing briefly. So our plan 
really is to build a large direct-to-consumer network of users based on first-party data, based on 
cross-promotion, based on our ability to monetize better, and a loyalty platform. And what we 
have just completed is a large project with Google that's going to allow us to have one Nazara 
ID across all the games that we publish. And this will enable all the features that I just spoke 
about and more. I think this will become quite a strong platform for us going forward.  And 
initially, we are launching it with our existing games, whether it's World Cricket Championship, 
Bigg Boss, etc.  Over the next couple of quarters, we'll build out the  network using that. 
Thereafter, our idea really is to work with some of the global players, help them publish their 
games in India and monetize better, as well as work with local Indian developers.  So 
===== PDF PAGE 17 =====
 Nazara Technologies Limited, 
  November 13, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
basically, think of it becoming a very sizable consumer network.  Today, India has 500 million 
gamers. Can we get 50 million, 100 million gamers on our network and service them better? I 
think that's really the larger vision that we are working o n a s far as Nazara Publishing is 
concerned. 
Kunal Bajaj: Sure, that helps. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Nitish Mittersain: Sure. I have Stuart Dinsey, who's the CEO of Curve Games on the call, and he's woken up at 3 
o'clock in the morning to join the call. So maybe he can just quickly use this opportunity to 
introduce himself and speak for a couple of minutes on what Curve is up to. Stuart? 
Stuart Dinsey: Thank you, Nitish. Good morning, everybody. We're very pleased to have joined the group. 
Curve has got a long history of profitability. We're well established in the console and PC 
market. I think we're just coming up to 6 months since the acquisition.  We've gone 
through a period of transition without it materially affecting the business. We're continuing to 
work with Nitish and Rohit to leverage the Nazara ecosystem to further benefit Curve.  We're 
signing games and looking to grow the business going forward. 
Nitish Mittersain: Thank you, Stuart. I will hand over the call to Rohit Sharma, who's our Executive Director, for 
closing remarks. Rohit, over to you. 
Rohit Sharma: Thank you, Nitish, and thanks, everybody, for joining the call and all the questions. As Nitish 
and most of our team members have mentioned, in the last couple of quarters, Nazara has been 
strongly focused on building IPs, building synergies with all our studios. Our center s of 
excellence have really worked well for us and will continue to scale up.  I think we're 
very excited about what we've built and the way we are scaling things up. Thanks a lot, 
everybody. Once again, thanks for the nice, relevant questions. 
Nitish Mittersain: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for the call. Have a good day. 
Moderator: Thank you very much, sir. On behalf of Spark Institutional Equities Private Limited , that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us today and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 