Raymond Realty Limited — Q1 FY27 Earnings Conference Call
Hosted by Anand Rathi. Q1 FY27 (quarter ended June 2026).

Management present:
- Mr. Harmohan (Mohan) Sani (Harmohan Swani), MD and CEO
- Mr. Rakkesh Tiwari, Group CFO
- Mr. Ankur Jindal, CFO
- Mr. Amit Saburval (Sani Desa), Head Investor Relations
Moderator/host: Mr. Bhavin Modi, Anand Rathi

---

Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Raymond Reality Limited Q1 and FI27 earning conference call hosted by Anandra. As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistant during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing start then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhavin Modi from an I thank you and over to you sir.

Thank you. On behalf of Anandrati, I would like to welcome all the participants in the Q1 FI27 conference call of Raymond Reality Limited. Today we have with us from Raymond Reality Limited Senior Management, Mr. Rakkesh Tiwari Group CFO, Mr. Mohan Sani, MD and CEO, Mr. Ankur Jindal, CFO, and Mr. Sani Desa head investor relations. Without taking further time, I will I'd like to hand over the call to Mr. Harm Sani. Over to you sir.

Today on this call for Raymond Realy's performance for the first quarter of financial year 2027. Uh very happy to share that we've entered FI27 with strong operational momentum. Uh we have carried forward the scaled execution and the strategic clarity that uh we achieved in Q4 of last year and which defined our entire last year's performance. The same momentum going forward continues. Our performance this quarter reflects sustained home buyer confidence in Raymond Realy's brand and validates the deliberate execution of many years work that we have put in over the last 6 years. The growth is finally coming to fruition. All the work that we have done uh across MMR buyers continue to prioritize developer reliability, execution, velocity and product quality. And these are the exact areas where we as your company Raymond Realy continue to lead and outperform a lot of other market participants. Let's look at our financial performance highlights for Q1. It has been underscored by both topline expansion and the operational efficiency that we have brought in. We achieved a robust booking value of 700 crores representing 129% year-on-year growth compared to uh Q1 of FY26 which was 306 crores and uh Q1 FY27 we have achieved 700 crores which is a significant achievement over the last year uh if you look at customer collections customer collections reached 550 crores per Q1 which is a 47% year-on-year growth compared to Q1 of FY26. Similarly, if you look at uh revenue booking, which is the total income that we have disclosed for Q1, uh the total income stood at 536 crores as compared to 390 crores. In Q1 FI26, this is a 37% year-on-year growth and uh it is backed by sustained demand and project delivery and execution. that we have shown. And uh last but not the least in the highlights is IITA. ITA increased by 70% yearon year to 70 crores as compared to 41 crores in FY uh 26. The AIA margins also compared to Q1 FY26 expanded from 11% to 13%. So we have uh managed to increase the profitability Even though we launched a lot of projects in Q4 of FI 26. So all those projects that we launched in Q4 FI26, there were four projects that we launched during uh that quarter and uh quite a few of them in the month of March itself at the f end of the year. So the current year's initial profitability will reflect the upfront marketing and construction setup cost and uh the margins will progressively normalize over subsequent quarters as project construction crosses revenue recognition thresholds which is what we would be doing in Q2 Q3 and Q4. So we are uh firmly and completely on track to achieving our fullear VA margin guidance of 17 to 19%. And uh as and this is a number that we have uh you know committed to the market uh over over the last few interactions that we've had that This is the range of margin that you can the beta margin that you can expect from us and we are completely on course to achieving that target for FI27. Now let's look at uh the balance sheet prudence and liquidity position. What has your company achieved? So our expansion remains completely backed by strict financial discipline. Uh while we have expanded quite aggressively and we continue to do so as we go forward but we have maintained the financial discipline. The net debt at the end of Q1 closed at 824 crores. Uh maintaining a healthy debt to equity ratio of 7% of uh in in Q uh Q1 FY27. This number 7X is comfortably below our internal target of 1x that uh we have decided that we will maintain that discipline. So it it does provide enough headroom for our future expansion also going forward. Uh apart from other tools which are available to the company. This debt headroom also helps. Uh we also hold a 271 cr liquidity buffer at the end of the quarter. So that ensures our ongoing construction pipeline is fully funded for the year ahead and uh it will continue at the break neck. speed that we have achieved over the previous years, we will continue to do so in the current year as well. Now let's look at our cost of debt. Uh the cost of debt also remains stable and quite competitive uh compared to the market and our peers. The cost of debt stood at on an average 9.6% so below 10%. Uh which shows the confidence of the market and the lenders as well as the rating agencies in a business model. as well as our performance. Uh it is it is clearly reflected in the cost of debt that we are have been able to achieve. Now let's look at uh the update on our overall portfolio. The GDV that we have so our total GDV which is the gross development value uh now stands at 52,000 crores. This provides us a multi-year growth visibility and we have work going forward at least you know 6 to 7 years of growth is already already there. The total work if we see that your company will have work for at least 7 to 8 years going forward the key engine of our strategic pivot is the asset light joint development agreement strategy and uh if you look at just the JDAs the JDAs uh GDV today is about 52% of the total GDV of 50 out of the 52,000 crores total GDV. So JDAs have already overtaken the own land and that just shows you the growth momentum that we have in building our pipeline for future growth. So our JD engine now encompasses eight projects with a combined revenue potential of 27,000 crores which is the exact number 52% of the GDP. If we look at our own land which is the 100 acre Tana land parcel which served as a cornerstone for our initial success and gave us the courage to move out of Tana and expand rapidly and and demonstrate our ability to perform and uh get the brand acceptance done in the other markets also that represents an aggregate revenue potential of 25,000 crores. So 25,000 plus 27,000 of JDAs total to 52,000 crores of overall GDB that we have. Uh our demand across all our three core brand that we have built NX, address by GS and Invictus by GS remains strong. Whether it is TANA or whether it is the larger MMR both these places wherever we have launched our new projects we have seen tremendous brand pull and uh a lot of confidence is shown by the consumer in our brand. Now let's let's look at uh the asset light JDA model performance and what is the kind of uh performance we've been able to achieve. If you look at Q1 FI27 sales numbers pre-sales of 700 crores total out of that 64% contribution came from these JDA models asset light so now our pre-sale if you look at the entire bouquet uh clearly the expansion through the asset light JDA model has proven our point that we are quite successful in that and a very large chunk almost 2/3 of our sale is now coming from the larger MMR and one/ird comes from Tana we also secured a flagship JDA project in parail uh during this period with an estim estimated uh GDP of 8,500 crores. This agreement actually is quite historic as far as the company goes because uh it marks our strategic foray into South Bombay's premium housing market. This is a market that we've been trying to break into for the last one or two years and this is uh the parail project is going to be a very very marquee project. It's a great location and uh the project also is pretty large. It gives us work for 7 8 years in that micro market. Now uh if you were to look at the larger JDA portfolio and the execution status of that out of the total eight projects that we have signed so far including the recent one parail and the one before that Kandandy these are very very recent deals signed. Uh so out of the eight deals four projects have already been launched. And they are all at Maki location. One in Bandra East, one in BKC, one in Vadala and the fourth one in can. All of these these four projects put together represent about 2.8 million square ft of RA carpet area and the revenue potential of all these projects is 11,500 crores and all this most of this has been launched uh last year barring one project in Bendra East which was launched 2 years ago. Everything else has been launched last year and uh most of it in Q4 itself. Uh still if you look at the sales numbers out of the revenue potential of 11,500 crores which we have launched the cumulative sales have already reached 2,900 crores. So that just reflects the confidence that the consumer is showing in our brand. Uh not only that we've already done revenue I mean the collections the actual cash collection ctions against these of approximately 692 crores or you can say close to 700 crores of collection has been done while these projects are at very very early stage except like I said one project which is progressed the other projects are all at in essent stage where only the excavation work is going on. Then uh if you look at uh the recent signings which is the kandibali and the paral one put together these are are about 11,500 uh crores of GDP both the projects put together all this combined together provides a clear long-term growth visibility across prime MMR micro markets and all these are very very strong deep markets and the kind which will uh be attuned to our uh brand portfolio of 10x address by GS and invictus by GS now let's let's look at the Hana land parcel a little bit I'll tell you a bit about that at a overall telescopic level out of the 100 acres that we have 65 acres are currently under active development now this constitutes about 6.7 million square ft of rera carpet area and the revenue potential of this is 16,500 crores now against that since this is what we started earlier this actually started getting mon adverised in 2019 itself. So obviously it is a little ahead of the curve compared to rest of the MMR markets. So out of the total potential of 16,500 we have already sold 9,400 crores worth of uh stock and uh we have collected 7,460 crores of uh of collection the cash against these sales. Uh a lot of delivery has also taken place. is we as we speak today we have already delivered 11 towers uh and that is that is close to almost 4,000 homes that we have delivered and going forward we will be delivering many more even uh the the customer experience there also has been pretty good in terms of delivery of the product now as it remains a key pillar of our growth uh it it delivering 36% of our to total booking value in the current quarter and like I had said 2/3 and 1/3 so one/ird of our sale come from Tana land going I mean Q1 and going forward also we see a similar trend uh but as we launch more projects in LMR in as a percentage this share may drop while the absolute numbers may remain close to what they are today also now if we look at uh future growth visibility for the entire company apart from uh you know just now we looked at the JDM model and ownland model uh but if you look at the overall future growth visibility both these put together if we look at unsold GDV that we have is about which is already launched but unsold is about 15,700 crores of sale and on top of that uh we have unlaunched GDV which is neither sold or launched about 24,000 crores. So there is a significant amount of uh projects that we have in different micro market. So it is well diversified portfolio and that gives us uh uh you know a lot of confidence that we have a multi-year pre-sales and cash flow visibility as far as your company is concerned. Uh now let's look at specific to FI27 guidance and out Look for the full year FI27. Uh I would like to reiterate that we are committed and very very confident that we will be delivering a pre-sales growth of upward of 20% yearonear. So these are minimum numbers that we will definitely deliver as compared to last year. Even revenue growth on the P&L the total turnover you will see a 20 minimum 20% year-on-year growth. A bit margin As I mentioned earlier the guidance for beta margin is between 17 and 19%. We will achieve somewhere in between over there and the return on capital employed will be 20% or upward of that. So that's the min these are the minimum growth numbers that we are we are giving guidance to the market. Now to conclude you know I I'm happy to say that rem realy remains steadfast in commitment to operational excellence and financial discipline. We want to ensure that we continue to create lasting sustainable value for our shareholders, various stakeholders in and also our home buyers because eventually if the home buyers are happy then everybody gets to benefit from the value. Now with that I come to the end of my briefing for all of you. So thank you once again for your time. and continued trust in us. Uh we can now actually open.

Thank you so much sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with a question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are request to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll wait for a moment while the question to assemble.

Our first question comes from the line of Sukrit Deartil with eyesight fint private limited.

Good morning to the team. Uh I have two questions. My first question to Mr. uh Sani is uh beyond the regular outlook uh just want to understand a forwardlooking guidance on what are the top two to three execution priorities you are focusing on the immediate quarters and alongside that what do you see as the biggest risk in demand shifts regulatory changes or competitive pressure and how are you preparing to mitigate them while strengthening uh uh the company's position in residential and commercial real estate space that's my first question thank you

Yeah, thank you. Thank you very much for your question. Uh, now I mean what the question you've asked is very very wide and it could it could take a couple of hours to answer that also but I'll try and give you a short answer uh on that as the easy part is to tell you what we are focusing on in the current year. The current year focus is primarily on execution of all the launch projects that that we did uh launch in Q4 of last year. If we just put our head down and execute them well uh the growth and the guidance will be met for sure. The demand as of now looks pretty strong in all the projects that we have launched and we are not seeing any significant change in our projections as far as demand is concerned. So in fact we've only been pleasantly surprised uh even if you Look at Q1 what we were expecting to do we have done uh little better than what we were expecting to do. So market continues to remain supportive in in all the micro markets that we are and we've chosen very deep markets to be in as far as execution is concerned. Uh today the challenge in execution only remains the cost pressures that you see because of the war uh which is going on the global conditions which are there but they are essentially temporary uh pressures. They are not going to remain over the entire project life cycle because uh we have seen time and again and I've been now doing this for 30 years and one learning if I have got is that you know things always change they never remain the same. So on a five six year project life cycle you will see some cost hikes and then you will see cost dips and all of that will happen. uh so and and we budget for that. So even if there are some challenges on the cost front I think we are geared up and well prepared for that there are enough buffers we take in into our cost estimates because it's a 5 6 year period so then the contingencies have to be provided for other than that as far as government is concerned you that was part of your question I I think as of now there is a fair bit of stability as far as policy is concerned you know see 2034 uh DCR is there which provides maximum uh clarity that one could ask for and uh what we have seen in the last 2 three years that this government in Maharashtra is pro growth and u in in a sense uh pro-development whether it is infrastructure whether it is real estate so physical assets are doing quite well under this government So if you have a supportive government then rather than hurdles you have to look at what are the opportunities and that's what we are focused on today and this state and the city is currently providing tremendous opportunities. I mean I mean my my personal hypothesis is that Bombay is going to be the best city to live in in the country uh within few years itself. The kind the kind of infrastructure work that is going on I hope I've been able to your question.

Thank you. My uh second question to Mr. Jindel is uh again a forwardlooking guidance from a project financing point of view. How are you aligning capital allocation and funding uh with uh the company's growth pipeline and what risks do you see in execution timeline, financing conditions or industry dynamics and uh how are you how are you planning to mitigate them? Thank you.

Yeah, I'll I'll only take that. Uh uh I think Ankor is traveling uh so he may not be able to get proper connectivity. See, as far as uh the capital profile of of the company is concerned today like I mentioned in my opening remarks also that our debt to equity is 7 the net debt to equity which is there. So we are well below 1 is to1 uh debt to equity. Now we have maintained an internal discipline of not going beyond 1 is to1 as far as debt to equity is concerned and all our projections I mean we do uh look at long-term planning and it's it's done on a rolling basis if I look at that plan we don't see any significant danger of going beyond 1 is to1 and we have not even scratched the surface as far as other means of raising uh capital is concerned. Now there are a lot of AIFS also who are approaching us to participate in the growth that we have undertaken at an STV level. So we have that opportunity also if let's say uh the debt uh seems to be getting close to 1 is to1 we can always look at uh deploying that strategy so that we continue to maintain the financial discipline that that we want to maintain. Apart from that uh the company will always have eventually I mean as of now we have no plan but uh the equity bucket is always available. Uh of course it comes at the most expensive uh cost. So that's why it will be our last resort and as of now we don't have any plans. Uh as far as the cost of debt is concerned the cost of debt has only been going down for us. and not up our rating has also uh been pretty strong. So given given the rating and the operations the way we are running the business there is a very acute focus we have on cash flows you know we have a manufacturing mindset towards this business so we are not looking to hold land and just sit on it and uh our time to market is pretty fast for all the JDA projects that we sign on uh to the extent our uh counterparties permit we go at top speed and launch our projects. So, so that all that helps.

Thank you and uh best wish is

thank you.

Thank you.

Our next question come from the line of Ishita Loda with Swen Investments. Please go ahead.

Hello sir, thank you for the opportunity. Uh my question is with respect to the Parel project. Um uh Uh so what are the ticket sizes that we are planning and what will be the free sale component and how many units are we planning to sell? Uh how much inventory will you open at the time of launch and uh when are we planning to hit the market?

Uh thank you for your question. So the Parel project uh is close to about 18 months away as far as hitting the market is concerned. uh because uh we've just just now about signed it and uh the planning and the approval process and getting the land ready and the launch and all typically we have seen that it follows roughly about an 18 month cycle in in the city of Bombay or rather in our country itself. So that would be the timeline. As far as uh the ticket size is concerned, the ticket size will really depend on what the pricing at at that point in time would be but broadly I can tell you when we underrode the project the ticket sizes that we were looking at is starting somewhere around 6 crores and going all the way up to 20 crores. Uh these are going to be all uh reasonable size apartments because uh the product is going to be address combination of address by GS and invictus by GS. We are not doing a 10x over here. So since the sizes are going to be slightly on the upper side. So the ticket size will also uh go up. Was there any other part of your question which is left unanswered?

Yeah. So what is the realization that we have underwritten?

Sorry, the total GDV is 8,500 crores. That's what we have underwritten.

Okay sir. And uh are we on track to launch the Mahim project? What is the status on the approvals.

Yeah. So the we we are on track to launch two of the Mahin projects this year. The the first one uh should get launched uh towards the latter part of Q3 and uh then Q4 we will have the second Mahim which will launch. The approvals are all completely on track and they are all fast-paced and just now we are in the middle of monsoon. So naturally you know We have to make sure that all this also settles. So somewhere around November, December we should see first Mahim launching and then Feb March the second Mahim should launch.

Okay. Thank you so much.

Thank you ladies and gentlemen. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone telephone. My next question. Question comes from the line of Bhavin Modi with Anendraati. Please go ahead.

Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. Uh sir, there was a recent announcement you know with respect to the you know there is a incorporation of a 10X you know Mahalakmi Limited. So is it like you know we are looking for a you know new business acquisition or can you just help us you know describe what is it related to?

Uh see we are always looking at opportunities uh as far as business development is concern. So there is always something in the pipeline. Specific to your question on incorporation of this company. I mean we have many SPVS and we have to in anticipation of new projects we have to keep SPVS ready. Uh so it was incorporated uh and beyond that we have not done any announcement in the market and uh my request will be to show a little patience with us and naturally when whenever there is a deal signed we will will come back and you'll be the first ones to know.

Yes. Got it. Got so second thing is you know if you can give us a tentative you know launch calendar you know from Q2 to Q4 you know and what would be the tentative GD if you can help us with that.

So uh would it be okay if we gave you those details? Uh let's see broadly broadly if you see there are two projects we are launching this year because we have already so many projects on going so there is a strong pipeline in any case right so two projects are the mahim projects and the first mahim project is roughly about a GDV of 2500 crores and the second mahim is also very close to 2,000 crores 2,100 2,200 uh crores of GDV so these two projects will be launched this year and apart from that there is already enough inventory uh that we have in the market market at various micro markets you know the four projects which we have launched in uh where the where the out of the uh JDAs that we have done so this would take uh us to six JDAs would have been launched by the end of this year which is FY27 out of the total eight and the other two which are not launched are the ones we have just recently signed so they will take some uh time for approvals to be in place they are not at a late stage uh uh projects. Yeah.

Yeah. What? So the last question so you know the JDA portfolio now you know almost contribution 27,000 cr of the you know total GDV in the last part of the future launch pipeline right. So how should we you know think about the margin and the capital profile of the GDA you know relative to the own you know engine and can JDA you know let growth helps improve you know ROC uh while you know uh you know restricting the leverage. So can you just help us with that?

Yeah sir certainly see if I compare JDA versus buying land naturally JDA will always win when it comes to return on capital and capital deployment efficiency. Uh because you will not be paying for land and sitting on it for a long period of time. You typically you pay you know 10 15% of the land value as a deposit when you get into that deal and then bulk of your money goes towards approvals and construction getting it ready for launch. Typically the kind of deals that we are signing today you know 2,000 cr upward the ballpark number for each JDA the capital required is somewhere in the range of 300 to 350 crores. Now if we look at a very large project uh uh maybe with the recent large one we have signed is 8,500 crores the parail one there the TE requirement will be slightly larger so but it will not be proportionately in line with the because you will do the launching in phase wise manner so maybe 350 will go to 450 or close to 500 crores of peak investment so those are the kind of capitals you will be deploying now parel is you know 1.7 million square ft of carpet area if I was to buy that land and pay for it up front that itself will run in thousands of crores.

So so clearly capital efficiency is there and then what happens in all these deals is because the capital efficiency is good so naturally your return on capital employed goes up and as far as the margin profile is concerned once we are in a stable steady state uh real estate organization which I think we could be in a position to hit in a year's time now because last year was actually a watershed year for us where we launched a lot of projects and they've been very well received in the market execution is also progressed well so I mean everything uh fingers crossed is going going well and doing well and uh this year itself we are hitting a margin profile of 7 18 to 19%. So our our desire is to be as close to 20% as possible and maintain that and uh and since uh we are a very capital efficient model the ROC will definitely be higher than that because a you are not deploying that much capital and b it is a combination of equity and debt and debt as we said is available to us at 9.6% peranom. So a blend of that will clearly give us a ROC which will be upward of 20%. Which is which there is no other company in the country today who can consistently give you 20% ROC and I'll be happy to be proven wrong if somebody comes forward and shows me because that is really the true measure of how well a company is doing if it's consistently giving ROC of a certain number or not. Now for the last 6 years if you see our ROC has been upward upward of 25%. And uh going forward we are making a commitment of 20% uh is what we will do and we are very very confident that we will achieve that.

Got it. Got it. Thank you sir. That's it from my side.

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Deepak Podar with Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead.

Yeah I'm audible sir.

Yes sure.

No just one question. question I have on the interest cost. I mean how should one look at your interest cost going forward? I mean last two quarter it has been on the elevated levels right? So uh this turn rate we expect to income going forward.

See interest cost has been quite stable actually it's not on on the higher side. If you're referring to the absolute number the absolute number will be linked with how much debt we draw. If you see the cost of debt is about 9.6% on a average lended basis which is very very competitive for a real estate company and uh as we draw more debt the interest obviously the interest component will go up but all this money is going towards growth uh none of this is for expenses or uh any other reason we're not building capital assets and then sitting on them it's all going into JDAs all going into growth so it is only going to increase the profitability and VA levels going forward. And like I said, once we reach a steady state and all these projects are throwing out cash, uh the debt level will also start to moderate. It it may not moderate for another year or so because we still continue to aggressively grow.

Mhm.

Hello.

Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. So, so I I was not talking about the cost of debt. I mean that is stable but but but the absolute number Um so so what would be our current debt levels?

Our current debt levels are net debt is in the range of uh 824. That's what I said in my opening remarks also.

And and cash how much cash you would have 250 crores.

Cash is 271 crores. So the gross debt is 1095.

1095 and and and you mentioned this debt may not moderate for another 1 two years because uh because we are growing. So So, so, so kind of the absolute interest cost that we are incurring uh that we expect to continue, right?

No, absolutely.

Okay. Okay. Fair fair point. Um that would be it from my side. I would like to wish you all the best. Thank you so much.

Thank you. An question comes from the line of Pratik with Modila Financial Service Limited. Please go ahead.

Good morning, sir. Thank you for giving me an opportunity to speak. Uh sir, uh actually are you looking for uh development in any market other than uh uh this Mumbai area so that you know for diversification or we'll be continuing here only sir

I think for the foreseeable future we are very focused in MMR uh additionally for the last let's say about 2 years we've been looking at Punea as a market we've been studying and observing and a lot of deals we have seen but uh we have not found anything which meets our financial criteria in terms of returns that we look for but other than that as of now we don't want to venture out of Maharashtra for obvious reasons a there is enough growth that we are getting here in fact everybody else from uh outside is coming into Maharashtra and Bombay so we wouldn't want to vacate space for other people where this is our home ground and uh there is no dirt of growth only if my growth appetite is not being met I have to think of going out. So as of now that's not the situation.

Okay. And sir just uh I wanted to understand it's a technical issue just is this joint development uh you know strategy what you speaking about. So what happened sir we uh jointly developed with some other uh developers is it so if you could explain otherwise if it's lengy and you can you know just cover it.

So I'll I'll tell you very quickly I mean what what are the kind of deals we do I mean there are many many forms of uh joint developments which you know others will be taking on but I'll tell you what we are doing very very clearly any joint development contract that we get into the first thing is that we need to have 100% control as far as the development is concerned so there is no even if there is another developer who's worked on it in the past he has to become a sleeping and a passive uh partner so otherwise you know we we will walk away from a deal because we are putting our brand on the proh product and we are making a promise to the ultimate consumer. Now that promise needs to be delivered otherwise you know the brand itself gets spoiled. So we need to have absolute control. We will do everything that is needed for the deal. In in some of the deals if there is a rehab component sometimes we have allowed the partner to finish the rehab part but we always have stein rights. Let's say if his obligations are getting delayed somewhere we can step in and execute that part. So this this kind of mitigates any kind of execution risk which is there or eliminates possibilities of disputes and project getting delayed. So typically that's how the duties are divided.

Okay sir. Thank you sir. Thank you.

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of breach. SH with blue star capital please go ahead.

Am I audible sir?

Yes sir you are.

Yeah first of all congratulations for good set of numbers. So I just want to understand uh for full year what would be the interest cost if you could explain me what would be the full year interest cost for FI27.

Can we get that to you? On that number we don't have it readily available but uh safe to safe to assume in the range of about 100 crores if 1,000 cr is the gross debt and uh you know 9.6% but uh don't hold me to it allow us to come back to you on this number but it'll be in that range

around 100 cr for full year right

yeah 100 to 120 max that that should be the range I don't have it readily available otherwise I would have shared Sure. So sir sir should we assume that in Q1 uh interest cost was 47 cr. So from Q2 Q6 Q4 the cost would be lower than Q1

it will be it will be there about so between 120 crores. Huh.

So my point is like it it will be less than Q1 right?

Yeah. Yeah. Means Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. You can assume that.

Yeah. Thank you, sir.

Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kungal with Aryan Capital Markets Limited. Please go ahead. You may please proceed with the question.

Uh hello sir, thank you for the opportunity. Uh sir, sir, the question was borrowing have gone from INR 380 cr to um,97 cr high and high is this construction finance project level debt or corporate debt what's the repayment uh schedule and uh does the uh 52,000 crV pipeline require um more leverage from pure or does incremental collection largely selfunded?

Uh ma'am your voice was not clear I think get the question at all.

Can you repeat that please?

Uh can you hear me now?

Yeah, slightly better. Yes.

Okay. So, borrowings have gone from uh 380 cr to,97 cr y and y and is this construction finance project level debt or corporate debt and what's the prepayment schedule and does the 50,000 cr pipeline require for leverage from here or does incremental collection larely selfunded?

Yeah. Okay. Got it. See, I mean I don't know what you mean by corporate debt because all the debt that we have taken is going for expansion either signing of JDAs or construction of uh the existing projects. So I don't know what you mean by corporate debt. We are not taking any debt for expenses or building fixed assets or or anything like that. All this debt is going into work in progress for the actual uh projects that we are signing as JDAs. So that's my response to your first question. As far as uh your overall question of the total GDP, how will it be executed? How much debt we will use? Uh that's the question you asked, right?

Yes sir.

Uh so so for that we have already given a guidance that uh we will maintain the discipline of not going beyond 1 is to1 debt to equity. Uh so we will remain within that.

Okay sir. So there's one more followup question with it. What is the margin difference in own land project and JTA engine?

So our blended margin is the guidance that we have given. It will be between 17 to 19% is the blended margin uh for the current year. If you look at At our own land it is in the range of about 25 26%. And as far as the JDAs are concerned it should be 20%, but since they are all at early stage they are currently not giving uh 20% and they will scale up in the next year after this. So by FI28 you will see a higher margin profile on the JDS because they would have all matured. Just now in my opening remarks I mentioned that uh out of the four radius that we have launched. We are at very initial stage where we have just begun the excavation and uh only the launches have taken place. It's only been a few months uh of sales that we have seen and in a project cycle you see that the project gets launched at a certain price and then the profitability of the project builds over a period of time as the price uh you know keeps on changing because we need to sell a certain inventory at the launch stage and that's how typically the indust operates throughout. So we are no different than that.

Okay sir. Thank you. That's it from my side. Thank you.

Thank you. Our next question come from the line of man based with someone India PMS. Please go ahead.

Good morning sir. I wanted uh your view on the demand environment uh uh presently has Has there been some softness and also I think recently you ran a sort of home fest so you know uh what was the response and uh the purpose of running that is it because there's some softness and one wants to uh accelerate sales or something along those lines.

Yeah. So the demand remains quite strong all through and as far as home fest is concerned fest is an annual feature we do So I don't think we need to attach any story to it and uh start thinking otherwise. It was there last year also. It was there year before that also. It was there year before also. It is for the last 3 years we are doing home fest around monsoon because uh this is a period when the footfalls are not so great and this is a way of you know creating some kind of urgency in the consumer. So that even in a lean period we keep on getting inquiries in our sales pipeline. The top of the funnel remains strong. So that's the reason that we do but uh we have not seen any softness or any difficulty in any of our projects. Like I mentioned that um so far whatever we have projected uh for Q1 we've actually done better than that in terms of pre-sales.

Hello.

Um Mr. V, are we done with your question?

Uh, yeah. And how was the response to the home fest?

Uh, home fest response was pretty good. We uh I mean we've been uh able to get a very strong response as far as top of the funnel is concerned like I mentioned you know see these kind of events what they do for us they they will drive footfalls and then those inquiries over a period of time turn into sales. It's not as though in The home fest itself you will suddenly see some great bumper sale that will happen during the home fest you will let's say thousand people walk in during the home fest you will probably be able to see a conversion of only 20% during that time rest of the 80% conversion happens over the next 2 months people who have walked in so so the purpose of these events is really not to do sales w till it is happening. It is the purpose really is to top up your uh sales funnel.

Got it. Right. Thank you.

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one. Our next question comes from the line of Pushbindu an individual investor. Please go ahead.

Yeah. Am I audible?

Hello.

Yes, you are. Yes, you are.

Yes sir, you are.

Yeah. So, good morning Harmon sir and compliment for good operational performance. So, I have a couple of questions. So, one is sir when our uh evita and operating profit is growing but at the same time because of date increase our interest cost is also uh increasing at a faster pace than that of the growth of revenue and AITA. So while you have given a growth guidance related to revenue and AITA and all uh what as a shareholder we are interested to know is also about the the cash profit growth as well as the the growth on the the operating cash flow side as well. So any guidance on that front s because uh I can see the revenue and IATA both are growing well but when it comes to uh net profit or profit after tax. That's why because of high interest coverage uh we don't have sufficient net profit. So if you can give some guidance on the net profit and cash yeah sure see any company which is growing uh will obviously need capital. Now if I if I dilute equity which is that is going to be more detrimental to you any shareholder not just you. So obviously the first preference is that growth whatever capital is needed you go for the lower cost and that's why debt really needs get contracted. So the choice really in front of management is whether to grow or not to grow and the answer is obvious that the market is good you have tailwinds so you should grow and we are in a cyclical business and we don't know the timing of when the cycle will turn but just now that it's going well so naturally the best time to grow is when you have tailwinds. So this will this will continue as far as uh guidance of net profit is concerned. We have uh uh so far not given any guidance on net profit. We have given guidance on beta and we have broadly mentioned that our interest cost will also be rangebound and uh I didn't have the exact number but I you know kind of tried to extrapolate that it will be in the range of 120 maybe. you know 10 20% here and there and uh if we are growing our I beta at 20%, last year our beta was uh how much was our last year? Just give me a minute. 500 I'm just getting the exact number. I think 480 480 490. So 490 uh so so if you take you know 20% or 17% growth on that. So that will give you a number and if my interest is going to be 120 you can do the math yourself. Let me not give you a number. because we have not given that guidance uh so far and we are not we don't have a policy just now of giving that out.

Yeah. But then uh you don't uh expect any pad deceleration pad growth deceleration because of higher interest cost right?

Uh sorry I didn't get that. You're saying the pad will what I so what I'm asking is the pad growth will be lower than that of revenue growth. You don't expect any deceleration in the pad. was right because of this higher interest cost

it I mean I I don't have that number just now so I can't answer it but I can get back to you on that if you write to us we will share it with you

yeah sure fine sir one more observation what we have also seen is the the fi and di holding on the company uh has has continuously falling uh just to give you a number in last year last last year quarter one it was combinedly 20 2% and from there it is consistently falling to now it is around 8% and all. So while our narrative has become positive and performance is also improving somehow uh the institutional investors have not reported any faith on the company performance. Uh so so is there any effort that you are making sir uh because we as a small shareholder we may not have all the information related to the company but because of any information asymmetry maybe related to management leadership or corporate governance the institutional investors are keeping away from this company. Uh so is there any thoughts from your side how we can improve this because this is a question which has been asked repeatedly in several uh on call ever since we have listed as a separate company. Yeah.

Yeah. So yeah I mean obviously uh it is a matter of concern as much as it is to you it is to us also and uh see there are two couple of things here that we have to look at. One is The moment we deem merged, we became uh in terms of market cap not uh even a midcap uh entity. So what happens is a lot of these GIS and all they have their internal limits and all some of them uh you know sold out of compulsion. So it's not relating to performance that they have been uh exiting but uh a lot of family offices have bought, lot of retail investors have come in and uh as far as showing this up is is a true wrong uh approach. One is to continue showing the growth and uh with the support of investors like you and the others as the market cap of the company also grows. It is already gone beyond 4,000. At one point in time it was 3,000 crores. Now there is a renewed interest that we are seeing from people. Uh we have even bolstered our investor relation uh department there is now a dedicated resource. Earlier we had one gentleman uh who was handling the entire portfolio but now at the group level decision has been taken that you know there will be an independent uh investor relation focus for each company. So we have also hired uh the there is a gentleman by the name of Amit Saburval who has joined us who just now present on the call. He's joined only a few weeks back. So from next uh call you will be seeing and hearing more from him and his primary focus is going to be an outreach to all these uh institutions and uh telling our story uh consistently. So far I think there was this effort also was not in a very planned and uh you know uh concerted manner. So that should make an impact. Yes, just a thought continuing with your earlier point that in some of the project level we can bring in some institutional investor similar like what Colartel or embassy has done in bringing in Blackstone in some of their project funding. I think bringing some P fund and all will certainly boost the the confidence on the company. Uh AFM fine but unless we bring in some uh high level big P firms into our into the equation uh I think that that would help sir. Uh that is what we feel about this company. Yeah.

No no that's a extremely good suggestion and we we will definitely work on it.

Yeah. Uh thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Akih Javahar an individual investor. Please go ahead.

Uh thank you for the opportunity. Uh I just had one uh question on the finance cost. So the finance cost as for the annual report for FI26 has two uh components to it. One is the interest on term loans which is about 50 odd crores and there's about 45 odd crores which is interest expense on dues to government. Uh could you elaborate on what is the interest expense on on dues to government because that as I'm trying to calculate for Q1 basically uh the 9.6% math and everything works out to a cost of about uh 20 crores and the balance then is something that I'm able to follow. So could you first uh explain what the interest expense on uh dues to government is and uh and then how what is the cost for the current quarter of that?

You know dues to government is nothing but uh the installments that the government gives us on the various approval costs. Now the banks will not lend against that and the government gives that uh facility to all the developers and the cost of that is in the range of 8 9% which is actually lower than what the banks would be offering. So it is quite attractive and we also avail of that because that enables me to keep my ROC high. Okay. And the full year costing including this would be broadly 100 to 120 including the plus or minus 10 20% that you're referring to.

Yeah, it should be but we will share a better number. We'll we'll disclose that. Just give us some time. I don't have it readily available here. We will uh we will work out that number and uh you know put a disclosure out so that all of you have visibility of it.

Um uh all right. Okay. Thank you.

Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hermmon Swani for the closing remarks. Thank you and over to you Mr. Sani.

Yeah, thank you so much uh for being patient and uh listening to our narrative for Q1 and hope to see you for the next quarter. Thank you very much.

Thank you so much sir. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Anendraati that conclude this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line.
