[page 1]
 
CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748; Email ID: mm@qmsmas.com 
 
 
 
Date: September 07, 2026 
 
To 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of lndia Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051, Maharashtra. 
 
SYMBOL: QMSMEDI 
 
Sub: Integrated Annual Report under Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘SEBI Listing 
Regulations’) 
The 9th Annual General Meeting of the Company is scheduled to be held on Wednesday, 
September 30, 2026 at 2.30 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing facility / Other Audio 
Visual Means. Pursuant to Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find 
enclosed the Annual Report of the Company. 
The Annual Report 2025-26 will be available on the website of the Company at 
https://qmsmas.com/download/annual-report-for-fy-2025-26/. 
 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
 
 
Toral Jailesh Bhadra  
(Membership Number: A56927) 
(Company Secretary and Compliance Officer) 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
TORAL JAILESH 
BHADRA
Digitally signed by TORAL 
JAILESH BHADRA 
Date: 2026.09.07 18:54:06 
+05'30'

[page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
9th Annual Report 
FY 2025-26 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748; Email ID: mm@qmsmas.com 

[page 3]
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Particulars 
Page No. 
Corporate Information 
1 
Notice of 9th Annual General Meeting 
3 
Explanatory Statement (Section 102) 
14 
Board's Report 
24 
Annexure A - Form AOC-1 (Subsidiary) 
40 
Annexure B - Annual Report on CSR Activities 
41 
Annexure C - Particulars of Employees / Remuneration (Rule 5) 
46 
Annexure D - Secretarial Audit Report (Form MR-3) 
47 
Annexure E - Management Discussion and Analysis 
51 
Corporate Governance Report 
55 
Annexure F - CEO/CFO Certification 
77 
Annexure G - Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors 
78 
Annexure H - Auditors' Certificate on Corporate Governance 
79 
Independent Auditors' Reports and Financial Statements (Standalone) 
81 
Independent Auditors' Reports and Financial Statements (Consolidated) 
113 
 
 

[page 4]
 
 
 
CORPORATE INFORMATION 
 
CIN 
L33309MH2017PLC299748 
ISIN 
INE0FMW01018 
Email 
contact@qmsmas.com 
Website 
https://qmsmas.com/ 
Registered Office 
1A-1B / 2A-2B, Navkala Bharati Building, Plot No. 16, Prabhat Colony, Road 
No. 3, Santacruz (East), Mumbai - 400 055, Maharashtra 
Board of Directors 
Sr. 
No. 
Name 
DIN 
Designation 
1 
Mr. Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija 
02700606 
Chairman & Managing Director 
(Promoter) 
2 
Mrs. Sarita Vijay Mahajan 
10841279 
Non-Executive Independent Woman 
Director 
3 
Mr. Prajwal Jayasheela Poojari 
07480513 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
4 
Mr. Niken Ravin Shah 
07604022 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
5 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak 
02104727 
Non-Executive Director 
6 
*Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka 
06460764 
Additional Non-Executive Independent 
Director 
*Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka is appointed as an Additional Non-Executive Independent Director w.e.f September 03, 2026 
Key Managerial Personnel 
Name 
Designation 
Mrs. Toral Jailesh Bhadra (Membership No. A56927) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mrs. Sejal Vivek Mhatre 
Chief Financial Officer 
Statutory Auditor 
M/s. H.H. Dedhia & Associates, Chartered Accountants (ICAI FRN: 148213W), Unit 803, Sunshine Tower, Senapati Bapat 
Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400013. 
Secretarial Auditor 
M/s. Maharshi Ganatra & Associates, Company Secretaries (Membership No. F11332), 219/220, 2nd Floor, Goldcrest Business 
Park, Next to Kailash Esplanade, L.B.S. Marg, Opp. Shreyas Cinemas, Ghatkopar West, Mumbai - 400086. 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
Bigshare Services Private Limited, Office No. S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves 
Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai.  
Bankers 
Citi Bank 
1

[page 5]
 
 
Committees of the Board  
Committee 
Chairman 
Members 
Audit Committee 
Mr. Prajwal J. Poojari 
Mr. Niken R. Shah, Mr. Deena Nath Pathak 
Nomination & Remuneration 
Committee 
Mr. Niken R. Shah 
Mr. Prajwal J. Poojari, Mr. Deena Nath Pathak 
Stakeholders' Relationship 
Committee 
Mr. Prajwal J. Poojari 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak, Mr. Niken R. Shah 
Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee 
Mr. Niken R. Shah 
Mr. Mahesh P. Makhija, Mr. Prajwal J. Poojari 
 
Listing 
Equity shares were listed on the NSE Emerge (SME) platform on 11th October, 2022. With effect from 18th June, 2026, the 
Company's 1,93,37,443 equity shares migrated to the Mainboard of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) under 
symbol QMSMEDI, pursuant to NSE's approval dated 16-Jun-2026. 
 
 
2

[page 6]
 
 
 
NOTICE OF 9TH ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
 
Notice is hereby given that the Ninth Annual General Meeting of the Members of QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
will be held on Wednesday, September 30, 2026 at 02:30 P.M. through Video Conferencing or Other Audio Visual means, to transact the 
following business. The venue of the meeting shall be deemed to be the Registered Office of the Company at A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti 
Bldg Plot No 16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus Depot Santacruz East, Mumbai 400055, Maharashtra, India to transact the 
following business: 
Ordinary Business 
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, 
together with the Reports of the Board of Directors and the Auditors thereon. 
2. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 
2026, together with the Report of the Auditors thereon. 
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija (DIN: 02700606) who retires by rotation and, being eligible, offers himself 
for re-appointment as Director of the Company. Accordingly, to consider and it thought fit, pass the following resolution as ordinary 
resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the approval 
of the member of the company be, and is hereby accorded for re-appointment of Mr. Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija (DIN: 02700606), 
Managing 
Director, 
to 
extent 
that 
he 
is 
required 
to 
retire 
by 
rotation.”  
 
4. To declare a final dividend of Re. 0.50 (i.e. 5%) per equity share of face value Rs. 10/- each for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
Special Business 
5. Regularisation of Additional Director. Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka (DIN: 06460764) by appointing him as Independent Director 
of the Company:  
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
RESOLVED THAT Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka (DIN: 06460764) who was appointed by the Board of Directors as an Additional 
Director (Independent, Non-Executive) of the Company with effect from September 03, 2026 and who holds office up to the date of this 
Annual General Meeting of the Company in terms of Section 161(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and Articles of Association of 
the Company but who is eligible for appointment, in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a member under 
Section 160(1) of the Act proposing his candidature for the office of Director of the Company, be and is hereby appointed as Director 
(Independent, Non-Executive) of the Company.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, read with Schedule IV to the Act and Regulation 17 and other 
applicable regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”), as amended from time to time, the appointment of Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka who meets the criteria 
for independence as provided in Section 149(6) of the Act along with the rules framed thereunder and Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing 
Regulations and who has submitted a declaration to that effect, and who is eligible for appointment as an Independent Director of the 
Company, be and is hereby appointed as an Independent Director of the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, for a term of five years 
commencing September 03, 2026 to September 02, 2031 be and is hereby approved.  
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT Board of Directors of the Company be and are hereby severally authorized to do and perform all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things, as may be considered necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to this resolution.” 
6. Approval for Material Related Party Transactions with Subsidiary Company Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited: 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:  
RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Regulations 2(1)(zc) and 23 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
3

[page 7]
 
 
Regulations, 2015, Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules framed thereunder (including any statutory modifications 
or re-enactments thereof), and the Company’s Policy on Related Party Transactions, and subject to the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee and approval of the Board of Directors, consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded to the Board of 
Directors (hereinafter referred to as "the Board", which term shall include any Committee thereof or any Director/Officer authorised by 
the Board) to enter into and/or continue entering into contract(s), arrangement(s), or transaction(s) with Saarathi Healthcare Private 
Limited, a subsidiary and related party of the Company, as detailed in the Explanatory Statement annexed hereto, for an aggregate value 
not exceeding ₹20 Crore (Rupees Twenty Crore Only), provided that all such transactions are undertaken in the ordinary course  
 
of business and on an arm's length basis, and that the Board is hereby fully authorised to execute all necessary agreements, delegate 
powers, make regulatory filings, and do all such acts, deeds, and things as may be necessary to give full effect to this resolution. 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to do and perform all such acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be necessary, including finalising the terms and conditions, methods and modes in respect thereof, finalising and executing all 
necessary agreements, contracts, deeds, writings and other documents, filing applications and making representations before the 
appropriate authorities, and to take all such steps as may be necessary, desirable or expedient to give effect to this Resolution and to settle 
any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard or incidental thereto, without requiring any further approval of the Members 
of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorised to delegate all or any of the powers conferred by this Resolution 
to any Committee of the Board or to any Director(s), Key Managerial Personnel, Officer(s) or Authorised Representative(s) of the 
Company, as may be deemed necessary or expedient for the purpose of giving effect to this Resolution.” 
 
  FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
SD/- 
SD/- 
Mahesh Makhija                                                     
DEENA NATH PATHAK 
DIN: 02700606 
DIN: 02104727 
Managing Director 
Non-Executive Director 
Add: A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg Plot 
No16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus 
Depot, Santacruz East,       Mumbai City, 
Maharashtra, India, 400055 
 
 
DATE: September 03, 2026 
PLACE: MUMBAI 
 
 
 
4

[page 8]
 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTES 
1. 
The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (‘MCA’) has, vide its General Circulars dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 2020, May 5, 2020, along 
with subsequent circulars issued in this regard and the latest dated September 22, 2025 (collectively referred to as ‘MCA Circulars’), 
permitted the holding of the Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) through Video Conferencing (‘VC’) facility/Other Audio Visual 
Means (‘OAVM’) without the physical presence of the Members at a common venue. In compliance with the applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘the Act’), and MCA Circulars, the 9th AGM of the Company is being held through VC/OAVM on 
Wednesday, September 30, 2026 at 2:30 p.m. (IST). The deemed venue of the 9th AGM shall be the Registered Office of the 
Company 
 
2. 
PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF THE ACT, A MEMBER ENTITLED TO ATTEND AND VOTE AT THE AGM 
IS ENTITLED TO APPOINT A PROXY TO ATTEND AND VOTE ON HIS/HER BEHALF AND THE PROXY NEED 
NOT BE A MEMBER OF THE COMPANY. SINCE THIS AGM IS BEING HELD PURSUANT TO THE MCA 
CIRCULARS THROUGH VC/OAVM, PHYSICAL ATTENDANCE OF MEMBERS HAS BEEN DISPENSED WITH. 
 
 ACCORDINGLY, THE FACILITY FOR APPOINTMENT OF PROXIES BY THE MEMBERS WILL NOT BE 
AVAILABLE FOR THIS AGM AND HENCE   THE PROXY FORM, ATTENDANCE SLIP, AND ROUTE MAP OF AGM 
ARE NOT ANNEXED TO THIS NOTICE. 
 
3. 
The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act, setting out material facts concerning the business under Item Nos. 5 
to 6 of the Notice is annexed hereto. The Board of Directors has considered and decided to include Item Nos. 5 to 6 as given above 
as Special Business in the forthcoming AGM as they are unavoidable in nature. 
 
The relevant details as set out under Item Nos. 3 and 5 of the Notice pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
and Secretarial Standard - 2 on General Meetings, as amended and issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (‘ICSI’), 
in respect of the Director seeking appointment / re-appointment at this AGM are also annexed to this Notice. Requisite declarations 
have been received from Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment. 
 
4. 
The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the commencement of the 
Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made 
available for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more 
shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the AGM 
without restriction on account of first come first served basis. 
 
The attendance of the Members attending the AGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum 
under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
5. 
Institutional Investors, who are Members of the Company, are encouraged to attend and vote at the 9th AGM through VC/OAVM 
facility. Corporate/Institutional Members intending to appoint their authorised representatives pursuant to Sections 112 and 113 of 
the Act, as the case maybe, to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM or to vote through remote e-Voting are requested to send a 
certified copy of the Board Resolution to the Scrutiniser by e-mail at maharshi@maharshiganatra.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com .  
 
6. 
In case of joint holders, the Member whose name appears as the first holder in the order of names as per the Register of Members of 
the Company as on the cut-off date will be entitled to vote during the AGM.  
 
7. 
The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 of the Act, and the 
Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors are interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act, and relevant 
documents referred to in the Notice of this AGM and explanatory statement will be available electronically for inspection by the 
Members during the AGM. Members who wish to inspect such documents can send their requests to the Company at 
contact@qmsmas.com by mentioning their name and Folio number/DP ID and Client ID. 
 
8. 
In line with the MCA and SEBI Listing Regulations, the Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 2025-26 is being sent by 
5

[page 9]
 
 
electronic mode to those Members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company / Depository Participants (‘DPs’), unless 
any Member has requested for a physical copy of the same. The Company shall send a physical copy of the Integrated Annual Report 
2025-26 to those Members who request the same at contact@qmsmas.com mentioning their Folio No./DP ID and Client ID. 
 
  
 
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER: 
 
 
The remote e-voting period begins on Sunday, September 27, 2026 at 09:00 A.M. and ends on Tuesday, September 29, 2026 at 05:00 P.M. 
The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names appear in the Register of 
Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Wednesday, September 23, 2026 may cast their vote electronically. 
The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off 
date. 
 
HOW DO I VOTE ELECTRONICALLY USING NSDL E-VOTING SYSTEM? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below: 
 
STEP 1: ACCESS TO NSDL E-VOTING SYSTEM: 
 
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in Demat mode: 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are 
advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:  
 
Type of shareholders 
Login Method 
 
 
Individual Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL 
 
 
1. For 
OTP 
based 
login 
you 
can 
click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-
digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP 
received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.nsdl.com 
either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the 
“Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section, this will 
prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you 
will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” 
under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL 
for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting 
during the meeting. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home 
page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID 
6

[page 10]
 
 
(i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected
 
5.  to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-
Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting. 
6. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by 
scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience. 
7

[page 11]
 
 
 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and 
password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click 
on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & 
password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible companies 
where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking the 
evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting. Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration 
option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number 
and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat 
Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
where the evoting is in progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers. 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities in demat 
mode) login through their 
depository participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository Participant 
registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful 
authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting. 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option 
available at abovementioned website. 
 
HELPDESK FOR INDIVIDUAL SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING SECURITIES IN DEMAT MODE FOR ANY TECHNICAL ISSUES 
RELATED TO LOGIN THROUGH DEPOSITORY i.e. NSDL AND CDSL 
 
Login type 
Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at toll free no. 1800-21-09911 
 
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. 
2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ 
section. 
 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. 
Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote 
electronically. 
8

[page 12]
 
 
 
 
 
4. Your User ID details are given below: 
 
Manner of holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
Your User ID is: 
 
 
a) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** then your user ID is 
IN300***12******. 
 
 
b) For Members who hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your user ID is 12************** 
 
 
c) For Members holding shares in Physical 
Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 101456001*** 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
 
a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast your vote. 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to 
you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change 
your password. 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
 
i. 
If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on 
your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf 
file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for 
CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’. 
ii. If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those shareholders whose email 
ids are not registered. 
 
6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “Initial password” or have forgotten your password: 
 
a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning 
your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box. 
 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
9

[page 13]
 
 
 
 
 
 
STEP 2: CAST YOUR VOTE ELECTRONICALLY AND JOIN GENERAL MEETING ON NSDL E-VOTING SYSTEM. 
 
 
HOW TO CAST YOUR VOTE ELECTRONICALLY AND JOIN GENERAL MEETING ON NSDL E-VOTING SYSTEM? 
 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding shares and whose voting 
cycle and General Meeting is in active status. 
 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and casting your vote during 
the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed under “Join Meeting”. 
 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares for which you wish to cast your 
vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted. 
 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation page. 
 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote. 
 
 GENERAL GUIDELINES FOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the 
relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized 
to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to maharshi@maharshiganatra.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional 
shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by 
clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your password confidential. 
Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In such an event, you 
will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
 
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting user manual for Shareholders 
available at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to (Name of NSDL Official) at 
evoting@nsdl.com . 
 
PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL IDS ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE DEPOSITORIES FOR PROCURING 
USER ID AND PASSWORD AND REGISTRATION OF E MAIL IDS FOR E- VOTING FOR THE RESOLUTIONS SET OUT IN THIS NOTICE: 
 
1. 
In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate (front and 
back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to 
contact@qmsmas.com. 
 
2. 
In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or 
copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self-attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) to contact@qmsmas.com If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to 
refer to the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
 
3. 
Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and password for e-voting by 
providing above mentioned documents. 
 
4. 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
10

[page 14]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
 CONTACT DETAILS 
 
 
Company 
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Building, 
Santacruz East,Plot No16, Prabhat Colony, 
Near Santacruz Bus Depot, Mumbai-400055 
Tel No. +91 281 2581152, 95109 76156 
E-Mail ID: contact@qmsmas.com | Website : https://qmsmas.com/ 
Registrar and Transfer 
Agent 
BIGSHARES SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED  
Office No. S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park, Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, 
Andheri (East), Mumbai - 400093, India 
Contact No..:+ 91-22-6263 8200| E-Mail Id : investor@bigshareonline.com 
e-Voting Agency & VC 
/ OAVM 
Email: evoting@nsdl.com NSDL help 
desk 1800-222-990 
Scrutinizer 
M/S. MAHARSHI GANATRA & ASSOCIATES 
Mr. Maharshi Ganatra. 
Membership No. F11332, CP NO. 14520) 
 
 
 THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE 9th AGM ARE AS UNDER 
 
1. The procedure  for e-Voting on the day of  the 9th AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote e- voting. 
 
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the 9th AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the 
Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the 
AGM. 
 
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the 9th AGM. However, they will not be eligible to vote at the 
AGM. 
 
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall 
be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting. 
 
 INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS/MEMBERS TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING THROUGH VC/OAVM 
 
 
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may access 
by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM” 
placed under “Join meeting” menu against company name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting 
menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please note 
that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the 
same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush. 
 
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience. 
 
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the 
meeting. 
 
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may 
experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN 
Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches. 
 
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance mentioning their name demat 
account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at contact@qmsmas.com  
11

[page 15]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The same will be replied by the company suitably. 
 
 PROCEDURE TO ASK QUESTIONS/SEEK CLARIFICATIONS WITH RESPECT TO ANNUAL REPORT 
 
 
As the AGM is being conducted through VC/OAVM, for the smooth conduct of proceedings of the AGM, Members are encouraged to 
express their views/ send their queries/questions in advance mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, e-mail id, mobile 
number at  contact@qmsmas.com Questions/queries received by the Company till 5:00 p.m. on Wednesday, September 23, 2026 shall only 
be considered and responded during the AGM. 
 
The Company reserves the right to restrict the number of questions and number of speakers, as appropriate for smooth conduct of the AGM. 
 
 INFORMATION ON DIVIDEND 
 
 
1. It is to be noted that the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on May 30, 2026, had recommended a dividend of 
Rs. 0.50/- per Equity Share of face value of ₹ 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each i.e 5% for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, 
subject to the approval of the Members at the ensuing Annual General Meeting (“AGM”).  
2. Subject to approval of the Members at the AGM, the dividend will be paid within 30 days from the conclusion of the 9th AGM, to the 
Members whose names appear on the Company’s Register of Members as on the Record Date i.e Wednesday, September 23, 2026, 
and in respect of the shares held in dematerialized mode, to the Members whose names are furnished by National Securities Depository 
Limited and Central Depository Services (India) Limited as beneficial owners as on that date. 
 
3. Payment of dividend shall be made through electronic mode to the Members who have updated their bank account details with the 
Company/Depository Participants. In case electronic payment of dividend cannot be made due to any reason, the Company shall 
dispatch dividend warrants/ demand drafts/ cheques to the registered address of the Members. 
 
4. Shareholders are requested to register/ update their complete bank details with their Depository Participant(s) with whom they maintain their 
demat accounts if shares are held in dematerialized mode by submitting the requisite documents. 
 
5. Pursuant to the Finance Act 2020, dividend income is taxable in the hands of shareholders w.e.f. April 1, 2020 and the Company is required 
to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed rates. For the prescribed rates for various categories, please 
refer to the Finance Act, 2020/Income Tax Act, 1961 and the amendments thereof. The shareholders are requested to update their PAN with 
the DP (if shares held in electronic form) and Company/ RTA (if shares held in physical form). 
 
A Resident individual shareholder with PAN and who is not liable to pay income tax can submit a yearly declaration in Form No. 15G / 15H, 
to avail the benefit of non-deduction of tax at source by e-mail to contact@qmsmas.com by Wednesday, September 23, 2026 Shareholders 
are requested to note that in case their PAN is not registered, the tax will be deducted at a higher rate of 20%. 
 
Non-resident shareholders [including Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs)] can avail beneficial rates under 
tax treaty between India and their country of tax residence, subject to providing necessary documents i.e. No Permanent Establishment and 
Beneficial Ownership Declaration, Tax Residency Certificate, Form 10F, any other document which may be required to avail the tax treaty 
benefits. For this purpose the shareholder may submit the above documents (PDF / JPG Format) by e-mail to contact@qmsmas.com.The 
aforesaid declarations and documents need to be submitted by the shareholders Wednesday, September 23, 2026. 
 
6. The Company has fixed Wednesday, September 23, 2026 as the ‘Record Date’ for determining entitlement of members to receive Final 
dividend for the FY 2025-26, if approved at the AGM. Those members whose names are recorded in the Register of Members or in 
the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by the Depositories as on the Record Date shall be entitled for the dividend which will be 
paid on or before Friday, October 30 2026, subject to applicable TDS. 
12

[page 16]
 
 
 
 
7. Members are requested to note that, dividends if not encashed for a consecutive period of seven (7) years from the date of transfer to 
Unpaid Dividend Account of the Company, are liable to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF). The shares 
in respect of which dividends are not encashed for the consecutive period of seven (7) years are also liable to be transferred to the demat 
account of the IEPF Authority. In view of this, Members are requested to claim their dividends from the Company, within the 
stipulated timeline. 
 
8. Members holding the shares in physical mode are requested to notify immediately the change of their address and bank particulars 
to the R & T Agent of the Company. In case shares held in dematerialized form, the information regarding change of address and bank 
particulars should be given to their respective Depository Participant. 
 
 
 
13

[page 17]
 
 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
[PURSUANT TO SECTION 102(1) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AS REQUIRED 
UNDER THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE BOARD OF INDIA (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND CIRCULARS ISSUED THEREUNDER] 
 
ITEM No:5 
Regularisation of Additional Director. Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka (DIN: 06460764) by appointing him as Independent 
Director of the Company: 
The Board of Directors, on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, appointed Mr. Pranav Manhar 
Badheka (DIN: 06460764) as an Additional Director (Independent Director) of the Company, with effect from September 03, 2026 
under Section 149, 150 and 152 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
Pursuant to amendment (effective from 1st January, 2022) to Regulation 17(1C) of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka shall hold office upto the date of next Annual General Meeting or 
for a period of three months from the date of appointment, whichever is earlier. Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka is eligible to be 
appointed as an Independent Director for a term upto (5) five consecutive years. The Company has received notice under Section 
160 of the Companies Act, 2013 from Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka signifying his candidature as an Independent Director of the 
Company. The Company has also received a declaration of independence from Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka.. 
In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka fulfils the conditions as set out in Section 149(6) and Schedule IV of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) for 
being eligible for his appointment. Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka is not disqualified from being appointed as a Director in terms of 
Section 164 of the Companies Act, 2013 and has given his consent to act as a Director. 
Except Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka being an appointee, none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or 
their relatives is concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the resolution as set out in the Notice. 
The Board of Directors based on the recommendation of the Nomination and remuneration Committee considers the appointment 
of Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka as an Independent Director in the interest of the Company and recommends the Special resolution 
as set out in the Notice for approval of Members. 
Brief profile and other requisite information of Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka, pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations and SS-2, as on date of Notice, are given in Annexure A. 
 
Annexure A 
 
 
Sr. No. 
Particulars 
Details 
1. 
 
Name of Director 
Pranav Manhar Badheka 
2. 
 
DIN 
06460764 
3. 
 
Date of Birth 
08/02/1977 
4. 
 
 
Age 
49 
5. 
 
Date of first appointment on 
the Board 
September 03, 2026 
6. 
 
Qualifications 
B.E & M. Tech in Computer Engineering 
7. 
 
Skills and capabilities required 
for the role and the manner in 
which the Directors meet the 
requirements 
Pranav Manhar Badheka  
8. 
 
Expertise in specific functional 
areas 
Multidisciplinary business leader and Independent 
Director with a unique combination of technology, 
training, entrepreneurship, logistics, HR, compliance 
and social-impact experience. He has over 25 years of 
experience in information technology training, 
communication and organisational leadership, along 
with hands-on exposure to managing diverse business 
verticals. Known for strategic thinking, idea 
execution, stakeholder management and the ability to 
translate emerging opportunities into practical 
business initiatives 
14

[page 18]
 
 
 
 
ITEM No:6 
To Approval of The Material Related Party Transactions With Subsidiary Company “SAARATHI HEALTHCARE 
PRIVATE LIMITED”: Ordinary Resolution 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended ("SEBI Listing Regulations"), prior approval of the Members of the Company by way of an Ordinary 
Resolution is required for entering into material related party transactions. 
SEBI, vide Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/93 dated June 26, 2025 ("Circular"), has mandated listed entities to 
follow the Industry Standards on "Minimum Information to be provided to the Audit Committee and Members for approval of Related 
Party Transactions" ("RPT Industry Standards"). The said Industry Standards prescribe the information required to be placed before 
the Audit Committee and the Members for approval of material Related Party Transactions. 
SAARATHI HEALTHCARE PRIVATE LIMITED is a subsidiary of the Company and is a related party within the meaning of 
Regulation 2(1)(zb) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Section 2(76) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
The Company, in the ordinary course of its business, proposes to enter into and/or continue to enter into various transactions with 
Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited, including the following operational engagements 
a) sale, purchase or supply of goods, equipments and materials, 
b) availing or rendering of services, 
c) Loans and Advances including Inter Corporate Deposits and interest thereon 
d) other transactions permissible under applicable laws including Reimbursement of Expenses 
These transactions are proposed to be undertaken in the ordinary course of business and on an arm's length basis. 
The Management has placed before the Audit Committee all the relevant details as required under the RPT Industry Standards. 
After considering the necessity, nature, terms and pricing methodology of the proposed transactions, the Audit Committee has 
granted its approval for entering into the proposed Related Party Transactions with Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited for an 
aggregate value not exceeding ₹ 20 Crore during the Financial year 2026-27. 
The proposed Related Party Transactions are necessary, normal and incidental to the business of the Company and are expected to 
facilitate efficient business operations, optimum utilisation of resources and operational synergies between the Company and 
its subsidiary. The proposed transactions are in the best interests of the Company and are not prejudicial to the interests of the 
public shareholders. 
The Members' approval sought for the Material Related Party Transactions with Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited shall remain 
valid for the Financial year 2026-27. 
The Members may note that, in terms of Regulation 23 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, all related parties (whether such related party is 
9. 
 
Terms and conditions of 
appointment 
As mentioned in the statement annexed to the Notice 
10. 
 
Details of remuneration last 
drawn 
NA 
11. 
 
Details of remuneration sought 
to be paid 
He will be eligible for payment of sitting fees and 
commission, as payable to other Independent directors 
of the Company as per the Remuneration Policy of the 
Company. 
12. 
 
Shareholding in the Company 
as on the date of the Notice 
NIL 
13. 
 
Number of meetings of the Board attended 
Nil 
14. 
 
Directorships in listed 
Companies and other 
directorships 
PALINDIA COMPUTER TRAINING PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
15. 
 
Listed entities from which the 
Director has resigned from 
Directorship in last 3 (three) 
years 
NIL 
16. 
 
Inter-se relationship with other 
Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company 
He is not related to any of the Directors or Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company. 
17. 
 
Membership/Chairmanship of Committees of 
other Boards 
NIL 
15

[page 19]
 
 
a party to the particular transaction or not) shall abstain from voting on the resolution approving the Material Related Party 
Transactions. 
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary Resolution set out 
at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice for approval of the Members. 
The Members may note that in terms of the provisions of the Listing Regulations, the related parties as defined thereunder (whether 
such related party(ies) is a party to the aforesaid transactions or not), shall not vote to approve resolution under Item No. 6 
Except to the extent of their shareholding and/or directorship in the Company and/or Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited, if any, 
none of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their respective relatives is concerned or interested, financially 
or otherwise, in the Resolution set out at Item No. 6 of the accompanying Notice. 
 
Information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement for Item No. 6 pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/ 
HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-2/P/CIR/2025/93 dated June 26, 2025 on RPT Industry Standards read with SEBI Master Circular No. 
HO/49/14/14(7)2025-CFD-POD2/I/3762/2026 dated January 30, 2026, are as follows: 
 
       Part A: Minimum information of the proposed RPT 
(1) Basic details of the Related Party 
Sr. No. 
Particulars of the information 
Information provided by the Management 
1 
Name of the Related Party 
Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
2 
Country of incorporation of the 
Related Party 
India 
3 
Nature of business of the Related 
Party 
Saarathi is a fully integrated healthcare company with professionals from 
the field of pharmaceuticals, healthcare, technology, advertisement and 
communication to deliver customized and innovative solutions for better 
healthcare outcomes. 
 
(2) Relationship and ownership of the Related Party 
Sr. No. 
Particulars of the information 
Information 
provided 
by 
the Management 
1. 
Relationship between the listed entity / 
subsidiary (in case of 
transaction involving the subsidiary) and the 
Related Party – including nature of its 
concern (financial or otherwise) 
Subsidiary of Company 
2. 
Shareholding of the listed entity / 
subsidiary 
(in 
case 
of 
transaction 
involving the subsidiary), whether direct 
or indirect, in the Related Party. 
The Company holds 76 % equity share capital (directly) in 
Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited. 
3. 
Where the Related Party is a partnership 
firm or a sole proprietorship concern or a 
body corporate without share capital, then 
capital contribution, if any, made by the 
listed 
entity / subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary). 
Not Applicable 
4. 
Shareholding of the Related Party, whether 
direct or indirect, in the listed entity / 
subsidiary (in case of transaction 
involving the subsidiary). 
Nil 
 
(3)Details of previous transactions with the Related Party 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars of the information 
Information provided by the Management 
1 
Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the Company with the 
Related Party during the last financial year. 
FY 2025 – 26  
Sale of Service - Rs. 2,65,73,720/- 
Purchase – Reimbursements chgs – Rs. 25,36,429/-  
16

[page 20]
 
 
2 
Total amount of all the transactions 
undertaken by the Company with the 
Related Party in the current financial year 
up to the quarter immediately preceding 
the quarter in which the 
approval is sought. 
Sale of Service – Rs. 89,99,058/- 
Purchase – Reimbursements chgs – Rs. 8,99,130/- 
3 
Any default, if any, made by a Related 
Party concerning any obligation undertaken 
by it under a transaction or arrangement 
entered into with the listed entity or its 
subsidiary during the last financial year. 
No 
 
        (4) Amount of the proposed transaction(s) 
Sr. No. Particulars of the information 
Information provided by the Management 
1 
Amount of the proposed transactions being placed 
for approval in the meeting of the Audit 
Committee / shareholders. 
FY 2026-27 
Sr. 
No. 
Nature of Transactions 
Amount (In ₹ Crore) 
1 
Sale of Goods 
8 
2 
Purchase of Goods, 
1 
3 
Loans 
and 
Advances, 
borrowings 
including 
interest   and   Inter 
Corporate 
Deposit 
and 
interest thereon 
5 
4 
availing or rendering of 
services 
5 
5 
Other 
transactions 
permissible 
under 
applicable 
laws 
including 
Reimbursement 
of 
Expenses 
1 
Total 
20 
2 
Whether the proposed transactions taken together 
with the transactions undertaken with the Related 
Party during the current financial year would 
render the proposed transaction a material RPT? 
Yes, the proposed transaction is a material Related Party 
Transaction (“RPT”) under Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
3 
Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage 
of 
the 
listed 
entity’s 
annual 
consolidated turnover for the immediately 
preceding financial year 
11.57% (₹ Twenty_Crore as a percentage of the 
Company's 
annual 
consolidated turnover
of 
₹17,287.65 Lakhs  for FY 2025-26) 
4 
Value of the proposed transactions as a percentage 
of subsidiary’s annual standalone turnover for the 
immediately preceding financial year (in case of 
a transaction involving the subsidiary and where 
the listed entity is not a party to the transaction) 
Not Applicable 
5 
Value of the proposed transactions as a 
percentage of the Related Party’s annual 
consolidated turnover (if consolidated turnover is 
not available, calculation to be made on 
standalone turnover of Related Party) for the 
immediately preceding financial year, if available. 
87.87% 
6 
Financial performance of the Related Party for the 
immediately preceding financial year 
FY 2025-26 
Particulars 
Amount (In ₹ Crore) 
Turnover 
22.76 
17

[page 21]
 
 
Profit / (Loss) after Tax 
3.24 
Net Worth 
51.63 
 
 
 
18

[page 22]
 
 
 
(5) Basic details of the proposed transaction 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars of the information 
Information provided by the Management 
1 
Specific type of the proposed transaction (e.g. 
sale 
of 
goods/services, 
purchase 
of 
goods/services, giving loan, borrowing etc.) 
Sr. No. 
Nature of Transactions 
Amount (In ₹ 
Crore) 
1 
Sale of Goods 
8 
2 
Purchase of Goods, 
1 
3 
Loans and Advances, 
borrowings including 
Interest and Inter 
Corporate Deposit 
5 
4 
availing or rendering of 
services 
1 
5 
Other transactions 
permissible under 
Applicable laws 
including 
Reimbursement of 
Expenses 
5 
Total 
20 
 
2 
Details of each type of the proposed 
transaction 
• 
sale, purchase or supply of goods and materials, 
• 
availing or rendering of services, 
• 
Loans and Advances including Inter Corporate 
Deposits 
• 
Interest on Loans and Advances and 
• 
other transactions permissible under applicable laws 
including Reimbursement of Expenses 
3 
Tenure of the proposed transaction (tenure in 
number of years or months to be specified) 
From the conclusion of the 9th Annual General Meeting 
until the conclusion of the 10th Annual General Meeting 
of the Company (approximately 
12 months). 
4 
Whether omnibus approval is being sought? 
Yes 
5 
Value of the proposed transaction during a 
financial year. (If the proposed transaction will 
be executed over more than one financial year, 
provide estimated break-up 
financial year-wise.) 
₹ 20 Crore 
6 
Justification as to why the RPTs proposed to be 
entered into are in the interest of the listed entity 
The proposed transactions are necessary for the efficient 
conduct of the Company's business and its subsidiary's 
operations. They will facilitate operational synergies, 
optimum utilisation of resources, business continuity and 
efficient execution of manufacturing, procurement, 
processing, sale, purchase and other commercial activities 
between the Company and Saarathi Healthcare Private 
Limited. The transactions are in the ordinary course of 
business, on an arm's length basis and are in the best 
interests of the Company and its stakeholders. 
7 
Details of the Promoter(s) / Director(s) / Key 
Managerial Personnel of the listed entity who 
have interest in the transaction, whether 
directly or indirectly. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or 
Promoters of the Company, or their respective relatives, are 
in any way concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, 
in the proposed resolution, except Mr. Mahesh Makhija, being 
a Director of Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited and a 
member of the Promoter Group of the Company and 
Subsidiary Company, and Ms. Sarita Mahajan, being an 
Independent Director of the Company and an Independent 
Director of Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited, to the extent 
of their respective directorships, shareholding, if any, and other 
interests arising out of their association with the Company and 
19

[page 23]
 
 
Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited. 
8 
A copy of the valuation or other external party 
report, if any, shall be placed before the Audit 
Committee. 
Not Applicable. The proposed transactions are to be 
undertaken in the ordinary course of business and on an 
arm's length basis. The pricing for such transactions shall be 
determined based on prevailing market prices, comparable 
uncontrolled prices, negotiated commercial terms, cost-
plus 
methodology, 
or 
such 
other 
appropriate 
benchmarking 
mechanism, 
wherever 
applicable. 
Reimbursements and recoveries, if any, shall be on an actual 
cost basis. 
9 
Other information 
relevant 
for 
decision 
making. 
NIL 
 
PART B: Details of Specific Transactions 
(1) Specific disclosure in case of transactions relating to sale, purchase or supply of goods or services or any 
other similar business transaction and trade advances 
Sr. No. Particulars of the information 
Information provided by the Management 
1 
 
Bidding or other process, if any, applied for 
choosing a party for sale, purchase or supply of 
goods or services. 
The proposed transactions are between the Company and its 
subsidiary, Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited, and are 
undertaken based on business requirements, operational 
efficiencies and commercial considerations. Accordingly, 
no bidding process is applicable. 
2 
Basis of determination of price. 
The pricing of the proposed transactions shall be determined 
on an arm's length basis, having regard to prevailing market 
prices, comparable uncontrolled prices, negotiated commercial 
terms, cost-plus methodology or such other generally 
accepted  pricing  methodology,  wherever applicable. 
3 
In case of Trade advance (of up to 365 days or 
such period for which such advances are 
extended as per normal trade practice) , if 
any, proposed to be extended to the Related 
Party in relation to the transaction, specify the 
following: 
a. Amount of Trade advance 
b. 
Tenure 
c. Whether same is self-liquidating? 
Not Applicable 
 
(2) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to loans and advances (other than trade advances) or inter-
corporate deposits given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
Sr. No. 
Particulars of the information 
Information provided by the Management 
1. 
Source of funds in connection with the 
proposed transaction. 
Internal Accruals 
20

[page 24]
 
 
2. 
Where any financial indebtedness is incurred to give 
loan, intercorporate deposit or advance, specify 
the following: 
a. Nature of indebtedness 
b. Total cost of borrowing 
c. Tenure 
d. Other Details 
No financial indebtedness has been incurred at present 
for the purpose of extending loans, inter-corporate 
deposits, advances, or investments to related parties. In 
the event such indebtedness is considered in the future, the 
nature, cost of funds, and tenure will be determined based 
on prevailing market conditions, internal financial 
policies, and applicable regulatory guidelines. The 
transaction will be assessed on a case-by-case basis and 
will adhere to arm’s length principles to ensure fairness and 
compliance and the same shall be disclosed appropriately 
as and when required. 
3. 
Rate of interest at which the listed entity or its 
subsidiary is borrowing from its bankers/ other 
lenders 
NA 
4. 
Proposed interest rate to be charged by listed entity 
or its subsidiary from the related party. 
The interest rate shall be determined on an arm's length 
basis, taking into account the prevailing market lending 
rates, the Company's cost of borrowing, the credit profile 
of the borrower, tenure and other commercial terms of the 
transaction. The rate of interest shall not be lower than the 
cost of 
borrowing of the Company at the time of the transaction. 
1) 
Maturity / due date 
The amount shall be repayable on demand, without any 
predetermined repayment schedule or tenure. 
2) 
Repayment schedule & terms 
Repayable on demand, as and when called upon 
3) 
Whether secured or unsecured? 
Unsecured 
4) 
If secured, the nature of security & security 
coverage ratio 
Not Applicable 
5) 
The purpose for which the funds will be 
utilized by the ultimate beneficiary of such funds 
pursuant to the transaction. 
The Funds will be utilized for general business and 
operational requirements 
 
Part C: Specific type of the transaction where proposed RPT is material 
 
(1) Disclosure only in case of transactions relating to any loans and advances (other than trade advances), 
inter-corporate deposits given by the listed entity or its subsidiary 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars of the information 
Information provided by the 
Management 
1. 
Latest credit rating of the related party 
Not Applicable 
21

[page 25]
 
 
2. 
Default on borrowings, if any, over the last three financial years, by the related 
party from the listed entity or any other person and value of subsisting 
default. 
 
In addition, state the following: 
 
a. Whether the account of the related party has been classified as a non-
performing asset (NPA) by any of its bankers and whether such status is 
currently subsisting; 
 
b. Whether the related party has been declared a “wilful defaulter” by any of 
its bankers and whether such status is currently subsisting; 
 
c. Whether the related party is undergoing or facing any application for 
commencement of an insolvency resolution process or liquidation 
 
d. Whether the related party, not being an MSME, suffers from any of the 
disqualifications specified under Section 29A of the Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016. 
FY 2024-2025 
FY 2023-2024 
FY 2022-2023 
No 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No 
 
 
 
No 
 
 
No 
 
 
 
No 
 
Other Information 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars 
Details 
1 
Justification as to why the proposed transaction is in 
the interest of the listed entity, basis for 
determination of price and other material terms and 
conditions of RPT 
The proposed transactions with Saarathi Healthcare 
Private Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, are intended to 
facilitate the efficient conduct of business, operational 
synergies and optimum utilisation of resources within the 
Group. The transactions are in the ordinary course of business 
and on an arm's length basis. The pricing for such transactions 
shall be determined based on prevailing market prices, 
comparable uncontrolled prices, negotiated commercial 
terms, cost-plus methodology or such other generally 
accepted pricing methodology, wherever applicable. 
Reimbursements and recoveries, if any, shall be on an actual 
cost basis. 
2 
Disclosure of the fact that the Audit Committee has 
reviewed the certificates provided by the CEO / 
Managing Director / Whole Time Director 
/ Manager and CFO of the listed entity as required 
under the RPT Industry Standards 
The Audit Committee has reviewed the certificate issued 
by the Managing Director and the Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company, as required under the RPT 
Industry Standards. 
3 
Disclosure that the material RPT or any material 
modification thereto has been approved by the 
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors 
recommends the proposed transaction to the 
Members 
The proposed Material Related Party Transactions have 
been approved by the Audit Committee and the Board of 
Directors recommends the Ordinary Resolution for 
approval by the Members. 
4 
Web-link and QR Code, through which Members 
can access the valuation report or other reports  of  
external  party,  if  any, considered by Audit 
Committee while approving the RPT 
Not Applicable 
22

[page 26]
 
 
5 
Affirmation that the Audit Committee and Board 
of Directors, while providing information to the 
Members, have redacted the commercial secrets 
and such other information that would affect 
competitive position of listed entity and in its 
assessment, the redacted disclosures still provide 
all the necessary 
information to the Members for informed decision 
making 
The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors confirm 
that all information necessary for the Members to make an 
informed decision has been provided in this Notice and 
that any commercially sensitive information has been 
appropriately redacted, wherever considered necessary, 
without affecting the completeness of the disclosures. 
6 
Any other information that may be relevant 
Not Applicable 
 
Annexure – B 
 
The relevant details of Directors who is proposed to be re-appointed Directors of the Company, as 
required under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and SS-2 issued by the Company Secretaries of India are as under; 
 
Particulars 
Mr. Mahesh Makhija 
DIN 
02700606 
Current Position 
Managing Director (liable to retire by rotation) 
Age 
57 Years 
Qualification 
Bachelors Degree in Mathematics and Operations Research and 
Masters of Business Administration in Marketing from the 
University of Mumbai 
Experience 
36 Years 
Date of first Appointment 
14/09/2017 
Remuneration Drawn 
2,00,00,000 
Terms and Conditions of Re – Appointment 
Appointed as a Director liable to retire by rotation 
Number of Board Meetings attended during 
the year 
12 
Shareholding in the Company 
1,28,48,840 Equity shares 
 
Relationship with Other Directors 
NA 
Directorship in other listed entities 
Nil 
Memberships / Chairmanship of Committees 
in other Companies 
Nil 
Other Directorships 
QUEEN'S PROMOTIONAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED 
UMC MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED 
Information as required pursuant to NSE 
Circular No. L1ST/COMP/14/2018- 19 and 
BSE Circular No. LIST/COMP/14/2018-19 
dated 
June 20, 2018 
Mr. Mahesh Makhija is not debarred from holding the office of 
director pursuant to any SEBI order. 
 
 
 
23

[page 27]
 
 
BOARD'S REPORT 
To, 
The Members, 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited 
Your directors are pleased to present the 9th Annual Report of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited ("the Company"), 
together with the Standalone and Consolidated Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
 
The Annual Report provides a comprehensive review of the Company's business operations, financial performance, and key 
developments during the year under review. The accompanying audited financial statements present a true and fair view of the 
Company's financial position and performance for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS). The Directors believe that this report 
offers the shareholders a comprehensive understanding of the Company's operational and financial performance, significant 
achievements, corporate governance practices, and future outlook. 
Financial Summary / Performance 
The Standalone and Consolidated Audited Financial Statements of your Company for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, 
have been prepared in accordance with the applicable Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) prescribed under Section 133 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with the relevant rules framed thereunder, the requirements of Regulation 33 of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing 
Regulations"), and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act"). 
The key highlights of the Company's standalone and consolidated financial performance for the financial year ended March 
31, 2026, are summarized below: 
Standalone 
Particulars (Rs. in Lakhs) 
2025-26 
2024-25 
Total Revenue (Revenue from operations + Other 
income) 
15,265.20 
14,532.32 
Profit before Depreciation, Exceptional items & Tax 
1,296.19 
1,782.00 
Depreciation for the year 
350.97 
339.83 
Profit before exceptional items & tax 
945.22 
1,442.17 
Exceptional items 
- 
- 
Profit before tax 
945.22 
1,442.17 
Tax expense for the year (incl. deferred tax) 
276.14 
400.10 
Net Profit for the year 
669.08 
1,042.06 
Basic & Diluted EPS (Rs.) 
3.56 
5.73 
 
 
Consolidated 
The Company has one subsidiary, Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited, as more particularly described at paragraph 6 
below. A summary of the consolidated financial highlights is given below: 
Particulars (Rs. in Lakhs) 
2025-26 
2024-25 
Total Revenue (Revenue from operations + Other income) 
17,392.96 
15,772.99 
Profit before Depreciation, Exceptional items & Tax 
2,037.92 
2,248.75 
Depreciation for the year 
393.93 
382.54 
Profit before tax 
1,643.99 
1,866.21 
Tax expense for the year (balancing figure - see note) 
~452.31 
496.37 
Net Profit for the year 
1,191.68 
1,369.84 
  - attributable to owners of the Company 
1,013.21 
1,209.23 
  - attributable to non-controlling interest 
178.47 
160.61 
Basic & Diluted EPS (Rs.) 
5.40 
6.65 
 
24

[page 28]
 
 
The key aspects of the Company's performance during the financial year 2025-26 are as follows: 
I. Standalone Performance 
•For the financial year ended 2025-26, the company's standalone revenue from operations reached ₹ 15,229.73  Lakkhs. 
This represents an increase of 5.13 % compared to the revenue of ₹ 14,486.74 Lakhs recorded in the previous financial 
year, 2024-25. 
•The Company's standalone EBITDA decreased to ₹ 2,085.22 Lakhs during the FY 2025-26 from ₹ 2,377.53 lakh in 
FY 2024-25, reflecting a decline of 12.30 %. 
• The standalone Profit After Tax (PAT) stood at ₹669.08 Lakhs for FY 2025-26 as against ₹1,042.06 Lakhs in FY 
2024-25, representing a year-on-year decline of 35.79%. 
2. Dividend 
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 30, 2026, has recommended a final dividend of Re. 0.50/- (i.e. 
5%) per equity share of face value Rs. 10/- each for the financial year 2025-26, subject to the approval of Members at 
the ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
The provisions relating to the mandatory formulation and disclosure of a Dividend Distribution Policy under Regulation 
43A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 are not applicable to the 
Company. However, as a good corporate governance practice, the Company has voluntarily formulated and adopted a 
Dividend Distribution Policy. The declaration and payment of dividend, if any, is considered and recommended by the 
Board of Directors in accordance with the said Policy, subject to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
and the approval of the Members of the Company, wherever required. 
 
The said Policy is available on the website of the Company under the ‘Investors’ section at 
https://qmsmas.com/investor/. 
 
3. Transfer to Reserves 
The Company has not proposed to transfer any specific amount to the General Reserve for FY2025-26.  
4. Share Capital 
Particulars 
As at 31-Mar-2026 
As at 31-Mar-2025 
Authorised Share Capital 
Rs. 23,00,00,000 (2,30,00,000 
equity shares of Rs. 10 each) 
Rs. 23,00,00,000 (2,30,00,000 
equity shares of Rs. 10 each) 
Issued, Subscribed & Paid-up 
Capital 
Rs. 19,33,74,430 (1,93,37,443 
equity shares of Rs. 10 each) 
Rs. 17,85,00,000 (1,78,50,000 
equity shares of Rs. 10 each) 
 
During the year, the Company issued 14,87,500 equity shares of face value ₹10 each on a Rights basis at an issue 
price of ₹81 per share, pursuant to the approval granted by the Board of Directors on August 25, 2025, for an issue 
size not exceeding ₹12,50,00,000. The Rights Issue was offered to eligible shareholders in the ratio of 1 Rights Equity 
Share for every 12 equity shares held as on the Record Date, i.e., September 4, 2025. 
Subsequently, the Company allotted 14,87,443 fully paid-up equity shares pursuant to the Rights Issue vide a Board 
Resolution dated September 23, 2025. 
Utilisation of Funds Raised 
The Company had raised an aggregate amount of ₹1,204.83 Lakhs through the issue of securities. The proceeds raised 
have been utilised towards the objects stated in the offer documents. The details of utilisation of the funds are set out 
below: 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars 
Amount Utilised (₹ 
in Lakhs) 
1 
Acquisition of an additional 25% stake in the Subsidiary Company, resulting in an 
increase in the Company’s shareholding to 76% 
1,000.00 
2 
Offer-related expenses 
170.00 
3 
General Corporate Purposes 
34.83 
25

[page 29]
 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars 
Amount Utilised (₹ 
in Lakhs) 
 
Total 
1,204.83 
The Company has utilised the proceeds in accordance with the objects of the issue. The acquisition of the additional 
stake in the Subsidiary Company has strengthened the Company’s strategic position and increased its ownership 
interest to 76%, thereby providing greater control and participation in the Subsidiary’s operations and future growth 
opportunities. 
The balance amount has been utilised towards meeting offer-related expenses and general corporate purposes in line 
with the stated objectives of the issue. 
Apart from the aforesaid Rights Issue, the Company has not undertaken any other issue of securities during the year. 
Except Rights Issue the Company did not do any further sought of Issue. 
 
    Any issue of securities made during the year are as follows: 
 
• 
Issue of shares or other convertible securities – Rights issue as mentioned above 
• 
Issue of equity shares with differential rights - Nil 
• 
Issue of Sweat Equity Shares - Nil 
• 
Details of Employee Stock Options - Nil 
• 
Shares held in trust for the benefit of employees where the voting rights are not exercised directly by the 
employees - Nil 
• 
Issue of debentures, bonds or any non-convertible securities- Nil 
• 
Issue of warrants – Nil 
• 
Issue of Bonus Shares – Nil 
 
Demat Suspense Account/Unclaimed Suspense Account 
 
 
As at March 31, 2026, there were no outstanding Equity Shares lying in the Demat Suspense Account / Unclaimed 
Suspense Account of the Company. Accordingly, the disclosure requirements relating to the Demat Suspense Account 
/ Unclaimed Suspense Account are not applicable to the Company. 
 
5. Consolidated Financial Statements 
In accordance with Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 and applicable Accounting Standards, the Company 
has prepared Consolidated Financial Statements incorporating the results of its subsidiary. A statement in Form AOC-
1 is annexed as Annexure A. 
6. Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures 
The Company has acquired 51% stake in Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited on July 2024 and an additional 25% equity 
stake in Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited was acquired on October 28, 2025 which resulted to an aggregate 
shareholding of 76%. The Company has no associate companies or joint ventures. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 136 of the Companies Act, 2013, the standalone financial statements of the 
Company, the Consolidated Financial Statements, together with the relevant documents, and the separate audited 
financial statements of the subsidiary companies are available on the website of the Company. The financial statements 
of the subsidiary companies shall also be kept open for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company, in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 129, 134 and 136 of the Companies Act, 2013, the rules framed thereunder and 
Regulation 33 of the Listing Regulations, the Consolidated Financial Statements presented by the Company include the 
financial results of its subsidiary companies. 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 8(1) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014, the details of the performance and financial position of the subsidiary companies are covered 
in the Audited Financial Statements, which form part of the Annual Report. 
26

[page 30]
 
 
Change in Registered Office  
During the year, there was no change in Registered Office of the Company. 
Change in Nature Of Business  
During the year under review, the Company has not changed its business or object and continues to be in the same line 
of business as per the main object of the Company. 
Significant and Material Orders 
There are no significant and material orders passed by the Regulators or Courts or Tribunals impacting the going concern 
status and Company’s operations in future.  
Material Changes and Commitment 
 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(l) of the Companies Act, 2013, there have been no material changes or 
commitments affecting the financial position of the Company which have occurred between the end of the financial 
year, i.e., March 31, 2026, and the date of this Report except the following: 
With effect from 18th June, 2026, the Company's 1,93,37,443 equity shares migrated to the Mainboard of the National 
Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) under symbol QMSMEDI, pursuant to NSE's approval dated 16th June, 2026. 
Migration to Mainboard of NSE 
 
During the financial year under review, the Company made an application for Migration of its Equity Shares from the 
NSE EMERGE Platform (SME Platform) to the Main Board of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
on March 25, 2026. The equity shares of the Company commenced trading on the Main Boards of both the Stock 
Exchanges with effect from June 18, 2026. 
7. Directors and Key Managerial Personnel 
As on March 31, 2026, the Board of Directors of your Company was duly constituted with an appropriate balance of 
Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The Board has identified the requisite skills, 
expertise and competencies of its Directors in the context of the Company's business for its effective functioning. 
The details relating to the composition of the Board and its Committees, tenure of Directors, and the key skills, expertise 
and core competencies of the Directors are provided in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this 
Annual Report. 
None of the Director of the Company is serving as a Whole-Time Director in any other Listed Company and the number 
of their directorship is within the limits laid down under section 165 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
As on the date of this report, the Board comprised the following Directors: 
Sr. 
Name 
DIN 
Designation 
1 
Mr. Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija 
02700606 
Chairman & Managing Director, Promoter 
2 
Mrs. Sarita Vijay Mahajan 
10841279 
Non-Executive Independent Woman Director 
3 
Mr. Prajwal Jayasheela Poojari 
07480513 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
4 
Mr. Niken Ravin Shah 
07604022 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
5 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak 
02104727 
Non-Executive Director 
6 
*Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka 
06460764 
Non-Executive Independent Director 
* Mr. Pranav Manhar Badheka is appointed as an Additional Non Executive Independent Director with effect from September 03, 
2026 till the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company. 
Re-appointment of Director retiring by rotation 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, 
read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors) Rules, 2014, Mr. Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija 
(DIN: 02700606), Managing Director, retires by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting ("AGM") and, being 
eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment. 
27

[page 31]
 
 
Based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors recommends 
the re-appointment of Mr. Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija as a Managing Director, liable to retire by rotation, for the approval 
of the Members at the ensuing AGM. 
The requisite disclosures pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) and 
other applicable provisions are provided in the Notice convening the 9th Annual General Meeting of the Company. 
Except for the above, there was no change in the composition of the Board of Directors or the Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company during the financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
Disclosure by Directors 
 
The Directors on the Board have submitted notice of interest under Section 184(1) i.e. in Form MBP 1, intimation 
under Section 164(2) i.e. in Form DIR 8 and declaration as to compliance with the Code of Conduct of the 
Company. 
 
None of the Director of the Company is serving as a Whole-Time Director in any other Listed Company and the 
number of their directorship is within the limits laid down under section 165 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Declaration by the Independent Directors 
 
The Company has received declarations from all the Independent Directors confirming that they continue to meet 
the criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 ("the Act") and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations"). The Independent Directors have also confirmed 
compliance with the provisions of Schedule IV to the Act and the Company's Code of Conduct. 
 
The Independent Directors have further confirmed that they are not aware of any circumstances or situations that 
exist or may reasonably be anticipated to impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an objective 
and independent judgment or without any external influence. 
 
In accordance with Section 149(7) of the Act, the requisite declarations have been received from all the 
Independent Directors. Further, all the Independent Directors of the Company have registered their names in the 
Independent Directors' Databank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs ("IICA"). 
 
Based on the declarations received and after carrying out the prescribed assessment, the Board is of the opinion 
that all the Independent Directors possess the requisite integrity, qualifications, experience, expertise and 
proficiency and fulfil the conditions specified under the Act and the Listing Regulations. The Board further 
confirms that the Independent Directors are independent of the Management and continue to discharge their 
duties and responsibilities effectively. 
 
A separate meeting of Independent Directors was held on March 25, 2026 to review the performance of Non-
Independent Directors and Board as whole and performance of Chairperson of the Company including 
assessment of quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between Company management and Board. 
Composition of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) 
 
 
During the year under review, there was no change in the Key Managerial Personnel of your Company. 
 
As on the date of this report, the following are KMPs of your Company as per Sections 2(51) and 203 of the Act: 
 
• 
Mr. Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija – Chairman cum Managing Director of the Company. 
• 
Ms. Sejal Mhatre - Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
• 
Ms. Toral Jailesh Bhadra – Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company. 
8. Directors' Responsibility Statement 
28

[page 32]
 
 
Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) and 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013, in relation to financial statements of the Company 
for the year ended 31 March 2026, the Board of Directors to the best of their knowledge and ability, confirm that: 
● 
a. In the preparation of the annual accounts for FY2025-26, the applicable accounting standards have been 
followed and there are no material departures. 
● 
b. They have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
Company as at March 31, 2026 and of the profit of the Company for the year ended on that date. 
● 
c. They have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and 
detecting fraud and other irregularities. 
● 
d. They have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis. 
● 
e. They have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal 
financial controls are adequate and operating effectively. 
● 
f. They have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that 
such systems were adequate and operating effectively. 
9. Board Meetings 
Regular meetings of the Board are held at least once in a quarter, inter-alia, to review the quarterly results of the 
Company. Additional Board meetings are convened, as and when required, to discuss and decide on various business 
policies, strategies and other businesses. The Board meetings are generally held at registered office of the Company. 
During the year under review, the Board of your Company met Twelve (12) times in the year 2025-2026. The details 
of Board Meeting held and participation of Directors thereat is enumerated as below: 
 
Sr. No. 
Date of meeting 
Total No. of Directors 
on the 
Date of Meeting 
No. 
of 
Directors attended 
% of Attendance 
1 
  29-05-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
2 
 13-08-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
3 
 22-08-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
4 
 25-08-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
5 
 29-08-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
6 
 23-09-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
7 
 16-10-2025   
05 
05 
100.00 
8 
 13-11-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
9 
14-11-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
10 
22-12-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
11 
14-02-2026 
05 
05 
100.00 
12 
25-03-2026 
05 
05 
100.00 
 
The details of Board Meetings held from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026 and attendance   of each Director thereat is 
as follows: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Board Member 
No. 
of 
Meetings 
entitled 
to 
attend 
No. 
of 
Meetings 
attended 
% 
of 
Attendance 
1. 
Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija 
12 
12 
100 
2. 
Niken Ravin Shah  
12 
12 
100 
3. 
Prajwal Jayasheela Poojari  
12 
12 
100 
4. 
Sarita Vijay Mahajan 
12 
12 
100 
29

[page 33]
 
 
5. 
Deena Nath Pathak 
12 
12 
100 
 
The details of attendance of each Director at the Board Meetings and Annual General Meeting are given in the Corporate 
Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report. 
 
Performance Evaluation 
 
The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of its own performance, board committees and individual 
directors pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3) (p) the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(4) of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014, and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 in the following manners; 
The performance of the board was evaluated by the board, after seeking inputs from all the directors, on the basis of the 
criteria such as the board composition and structure, effectiveness of board processes, information and functioning etc. 
The performance of the committees was evaluated by the board after seeking inputs from the committee members on 
the basis of the criteria such as the composition of committees, effectiveness of committee meetings, etc. 
The board and the nomination and remuneration committee reviewed the performance of the individual directors on the 
basis of the criteria such as the contribution of the individual director to the board and committee meetings like 
preparedness on the issues to be discussed, meaningful and constructive contribution and inputs in meetings, etc. In 
addition, the chairman was also evaluated on the key aspects of his role. 
Separate meeting of independent directors was held to evaluate the performance of non-independent directors, 
performance of the board as a whole and performance of the chairman, taking into account the views of executive 
directors and non-executive director Performance evaluation of independent directors was done by the entire board, 
excluding the independent director being evaluated 
The Performance Evaluation Policy, as adopted by the Board of Directors, is placed on the website of the Company at: 
https://qmsmas.com/ 
10. Committees of the Board 
In compliance with the requirement of applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, (the ‘SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015’) and as part of the best governance practice, the Company has constituted following 
Committees of the Board: 
 
1. Audit Committee 
2. Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
3. Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee 
 
Details of all the committees such as terms of reference, composition and meetings held during the year under review 
are disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of this Annual Report. 
 
Vigil Mechanism 
 
Your Company has established a Vigil Mechanism and formulated a Whistle Blower Policy to provide a secure and 
confidential platform for employees to report concerns related to unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud, or 
violations of the Company’s Code of Conduct. 
The policy fosters a culture of openness and accountability by encouraging employees to raise genuine concerns or 
grievances without fear of retaliation. Adequate safeguards are in place to protect whistle blowers from any form of 
victimization for reporting such concerns in good faith. In exceptional cases, the policy provides for direct access to the 
Chairman of the Audit Committee, ensuring impartial handling of critical matters. 
The Audit Committee periodically reviews the functioning and effectiveness of the vigil mechanism. During the year 
under review, no whistle blower was denied access to the Audit Committee. The Whistle Blower Policy is available on 
the Company’s website and can be accessed at: https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy / Policy On Directors’ Appointment and Remuneration  
The Board has, on the recommendation of the Nomination & Remuneration Committee, formulated a policy on 
appointment and remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial personnel and Senior Management personnel, including 
the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a director and other matters, as required 
under sub-section (3) of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
30

[page 34]
 
 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy in the Company is designed to create a high-performance culture. It enables the 
Company to attract motivated and retained manpower in competitive market, and to harmonize the aspirations of human 
resources consistent with the goals of the Company. The Company pays remuneration by way of salary to its Executive 
Directors and Key Managerial Personnel. Annual increments are decided by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee within the salary scale approved by the members and are effective from April 01, of each year. 
The Nomination and Remuneration Policy, as adopted by the Board of Directors, is placed on the website of the 
Company at:. https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
 
Remuneration of Directors 
 
The details of remuneration/sitting fees paid during the FY 2025-26 to Executive Directors/Directors of the Company 
is provided in Annual Return, i.e. Form MGT-7 which is uploaded on website of Company, i.e. at  
https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
 
Particulars of loans, investments and guarantees: 
Details of Loans, Guarantees and Investments covered under the provisions of Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 
are given in the notes to the Financial Statements. 
 
Particulars of contracts or arrangements with related parties: 
 
All contracts / arrangements / transactions entered by the Company during the financial year with related parties were 
in the ordinary course of business and on an arm’s length basis. During the year, the Company had not entered into any 
contract / arrangement / transaction with related parties which could be considered material in accordance with the 
policy of the Company on materiality of related party transactions. Accordingly, the disclosure of Related Party 
Transactions as required under Section 134(3) of the Companies Act in Form AOC-2 is not applicable. Attention of the 
members is drawn to the disclosures of transactions with the related parties is set out in Notes to Accounts forming part 
of the financial statement. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations, the Company has made the requisite disclosures of Related Party 
Transactions to the Stock Exchanges in the prescribed manner and within the applicable timelines. 
 
 Public Deposit 
 
Your company has not accepted any deposits from the public. Hence, the directives issued by the Reserve Bank of India 
& the Provision of Section 73 to 76 of the Company Act, 2013 or any other relevant provisions of the Act and the Rules 
there under are not applicable. 
 
Particulars of Employees 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, a statement showing the ratio of the 
remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees is annexed to this Report as Annexure C. 
Further, the information required under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(2) of the said 
Rules, in respect of the top ten employees in terms of remuneration drawn and other particulars of employees, is not 
applicable to the Company during the year under review. Accordingly, no separate annexure in this regard has been 
included as part of this Report. 
Corporate Social Responsibility Initiative 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 135 of the Act read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) Rules, 
2014, the Company has framed policy on Corporate Social Responsibility. As part of its initiatives under CSR, the 
Company has identified various projects / activities in accordance with Schedule VII of the Act. 
 
31

[page 35]
 
 
The details of CSR activities undertaken during the financial year 2025-26, as required under Rule 8 of the Companies 
(Corporate Social Responsibility) Rules, 2014, are annexed as Annexure B and forms part of this report. 
 
During the Financial Year 2025-26, the amount required to be spent by the Company towards CSR activities have been 
mentioned in Annexure B . Accordingly, pursuant to Section 135(9) of the Act, the requirement for constitution of a 
CSR Committee was not applicable to the Company and the functions of the CSR Committee were discharged by the 
Board of Directors. 
 
The Corporate Social Responsibility Policy, as adopted by the Board of Directors, is placed on the website of the 
Company at https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
 
Energy Conservation, Technology Absorption and Foreign Exchange Earnings and Outgo 
 
i. 
Conservation of Energy: 
 
a) The steps taken or impact on conservation of energy – The Operations of the Company are not energy 
intensive. However, adequate measures have been initiated for conservation of energy. 
 
b) The steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate source of energy – Company shall consider on 
adoption of alternate source of energy as and when necessities. 
 
c) The Capital Investment on energy conversation equipment – No Capital Investment yet. 
 
ii. 
Technology absorption: 
 
a) The efforts made towards technology absorption – Minimum technology required for Business is 
absorbed. 
 
b) The benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import 
substitution – Not Applicable. 
 
c) In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of the 
financial year) – Not Applicable. 
• 
the details of technology imported; 
• 
the year of import; 
• 
whether the technology been fully absorbed; 
• 
if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place, and the reasons thereof 
 
iii. 
The expenditure incurred on Research and Development – Not Applicable. 
 
iv. 
Foreign Exchange earnings and outgo:  
 
Foreign Exchange used – Rs. 23,10,28,827/-  
Foreign Exchange earning - NIL 
 
 
The information relating to conservation of energy, technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo as 
stipulated under Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, as 
amended, is provided as Annexure E forming part of this report. 
 
 
 
32

[page 36]
 
 
Management Discussion and Analysis Report  
In terms of Regulation 34 and Schedule V of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 
a review of the performance of the Company for the year under review, Management Discussion and Analysis Report is 
presented in a separate section which is annexed to this Report as Annexure E. 
 
Corporate Governance 
 
Integrity and transparency are key factors to our corporate governance practices to ensure that we achieve and will retain 
the trust of our stakeholders at all times. Corporate governance is about maximizing shareholder value legally, ethically 
and sustainably. Our Board exercises its fiduciary responsibilities in the widest sense of the term. Our disclosures seek 
to attain the best practices in international corporate governance. We also endeavor to enhance long-term shareholder 
value and respect minority rights in all our business decisions. 
 
Your Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and adhering to the applicable 
principles and requirements prescribed under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 ("Listing Regulations"). 
 
In accordance with the applicable provisions of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, the detailed Report on Corporate 
Governance, along with the certificate issued by a Practising Company Secretary confirming compliance with the 
applicable conditions of Corporate Governance, forms part of this Annual Report and is annexed to the Board's Report 
as Annexure H. 
 
Auditors 
Statutory Auditor 
The company in the Annual General Meeting  held on September 27, 2024,  appointed  M/s. H.H. Dedhia & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants, (ICAI Firm Registration No. 148213W) as the Statutory Auditor of the Company for the period 
for 5 years who shall hold office from the 7th Annual General Meeting held on September 27, 2024 till the conclusion 
of 12th Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2029 in respect of the financial years beginning from April 01, 
2024 and ending with March 31, 2029. 
 
 
The notes on financial statements referred to in the Auditors Report are self explanatory and do not call for any further 
comments and explanations. The Auditors‘ Report does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark. No 
instances of fraud have been reported by the Statutory Auditors of the Company under Section 143(12) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. 
 
The Statutory Audit Report for the F.Y. 2025-26 does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark. The 
Auditors have issued an unmodified opinion on the Financial Statements for the Financial Year ended 31st  March, 2026. 
The Auditors’ Report for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2026 on the financial statements of the Company is a 
part of this Annual Report. 
 
Secretarial Auditor 
The company in the Annual General Meeting held on September 29, 2025, M/s. Maharshi Ganatra & Associates, 
Company Secretaries, as the Secretarial Auditor of the Company for the period for 5 years  from FY2025-26 to FY2029-
30 in respect of the financial years beginning from April 01, 2025 and ending with March 31, 2030. 
 
Cost Auditor: 
 
Appointment of Cost Auditor is not applicable to the Company. 
 
 
 
33

[page 37]
 
 
Internal Auditor: 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the 
company has re-appointed M/s Khushbu Parekh & Co., Chartered Accountants (having Firm Registration No.: 
145191W), as an Internal Auditor for the Financial Year 2025-2026 in the Board Meeting held on May 29, 2025.  
 
Reporting of fraud: 
 
The Auditors of the Company have not reported any instances of fraud committed against the Company by its officers 
or employees as specified under Section 143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013. 
 
Internal financial controls: 
The Company has put in place an adequate system of internal financial control commensurate with its size and nature 
of its business and continuously focuses on strengthening its internal control processes. These systems provide a 
reasonable assurance in respect of providing financial and operational information, complying with applicable statutes, 
safeguarding of assets of the Company and ensuring compliance with corporate policies. The internal financial control 
of the company is adequate to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, timely preparation of 
reliable financial information, prevention and detection of frauds and errors, safeguarding of the assets, and that the 
business is conducted in an orderly and efficient manner. 
 
Audit Committee periodically reviews the adequacy of Internal Financial controls. During the year, such controls were 
tested and no reportable material weaknesses were observed. The system also ensures that all transactions are 
appropriately authorized, recorded and reported. 
 
Secretarial Standards of ICSI: 
In line with good governance practices, the Company has established appropriate systems and controls to ensure 
adherence to the Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. The effectiveness and 
adequacy of these systems have been periodically reviewed. The Company has complied with all applicable Secretarial 
Standards during the financial year. 
Maintenance of cost records: 
The maintenance of cost accounts and records as prescribed under Section 148(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 is not 
applicable to the Company. 
Annual Return: 
Pursuant to Section 92(3) read with section 134(3) (a) of the Companies Act 2013 read with rule 12 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 including amendments thereunder. The Annual Return for the Financial 
Year 2025-26 is available on the website of the Company and can be accessed at https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
In accordance with the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 
and rules made there under, the Company has framed and adopted the policy for Prevention of Sexual Harassment at 
Workplace. Company was not in receipt of any complaint of sexual harassment during the year. 
 
• 
Number of complaints of sexual harassment received in the year:- NA 
• 
Number of complaints disposed off during the year:- NA 
• 
Number of cases pending for more than ninety days:- NA 
 
SEBI Complaints Redress System (SCORES) 
The investor complaints are processed in a centralized web-based complaints redress system. The salient features of this 
system are centralized database of all complaints, online upload of Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by the concerned 
companies and online viewing by investors of actions taken on the complaint and its current status. Your Company has 
been registered on SCORES and makes every effort to resolve all investor complaints received through SCORES or 
34

[page 38]
 
 
otherwise within the statutory time limit from the receipt of the complaint. The Company has not received any complaint 
on the SCORES during financial year 2025-26. 
SEBI SMART ODR 
SEBI has established a common Online Dispute Resolution Portal (‘ODR Portal’) for resolution of disputes arising in 
the Indian Securities Market. Members who have any grievance/ complaints are requested to write to Company’s 
Registrar & Transfer Agent i.e., Big Share Services Private Limited ( ‘Registrar’ or ‘RTA’), and if required they may 
escalate to the Company Secretary. If the member is not satisfied with the response a complaint can be lodged on 
SCORES – SEBI portal. However, post exhausting of all the options to resolve their grievance with the RTA/Company 
directly and/or through the SEBI SCORES platform, the investors can initiate dispute resolution through the ODR Portal 
(https://smartodr. in/login) and the same can also be accessed through the Company’s website at https://qmsmas.com/ 
Code of Conduct For Prohibition Of Insider Trading 
The Board of Directors has adopted the Insider Trading Policy in accordance with the requirement of the Securities & 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015. The Insider Trading Policy of the Company 
lays down guidelines and procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made while dealing with shares of the 
Company as well as consequences of disclosures to be made while dealing with shares of the Company as well as 
consequences of violation. The Policy has been formulated to regulate, monitor and ensure reporting of deals by 
employees and to maintain the highest ethical standards of dealing in Company’s shares. 
 
The Insider Trading Policy of the Company covering the “Code of practices and procedures for Fair disclosures of 
unpublished price sensitive information” is available on the website https://qmsmas.com/investor 
 
Maintenance of Structured Digital Database (“SDD”) has been mandatory since April 1, 2019 in view of the relevant 
provisions under the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 (‘PIT Regulations’). The Company has 
installed SDD Services. Company regularly updates entries in this software and submitted report quarterly to stock 
exchanges under Regulation 3(5) & (6) of PIT Regulations. 
 
The Details of Application Made or any Proceeding Pending Under The Insolvency And Bankruptcy 
Code, 2016 during the year along with their status as at the end of the Financial Year 
 
During the Financial Year 2025-26, there was no application made and proceeding initiated / pending under the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, by any Financial and/or Operational Creditors against your Company. As on 
the date of this report, there is no application or proceeding pending against your company under the Insolvency and 
Bankruptcy Code, 2016. 
 
Risk Assessment and Management: 
The Company has been on a continuous basis reviewing and streamlining its various operational and business risks 
involved in its business as part of its risk management policy. The Company also takes all efforts to train its employees 
from time to time to handle and minimize these risks. 
 
A statement by the company with respect to the compliance of the provisions relating to Maternity 
Benefits Act, 1961: 
The company has complied with provisions of Maternity Benefit Act,1961 
Details of Difference Between Amount of The Valuation Done at the time of One Time Settlement and 
the Valuation done while taking loan from the Banks or Financial Institutions along with the reasons 
thereof 
No such incidence took place during the year. 
Website 
As per Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 the Company has 
maintained a functional website namely “https://qmsmas.com “ containing information about the Company. 
The website of the Company is containing information like Policies, Shareholding Pattern, Financial and information 
of the designated officials of the Company who are responsible for assisting and handling investor grievances for the 
benefit of all stakeholders of the Company etc. 
 
 
35

[page 39]
 
 
General Disclosure 
Your Directors state that the Company has made disclosures in this report for the items prescribed in section 134 (3) of 
the Act and Rule 8 of The Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and other applicable provisions of the Act and Listing 
Regulations, to the extent the transactions took place on those items during the year. Your Directors further state that 
no disclosure or reporting is required in respect of the following items as there were no transactions on these items 
during the year under review; 
Issue of Equity Shares with differential rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise; Issue of shares (including sweat equity 
shares) to employees of the Company under any scheme save and ESOS; There is no revision in the Board Report or 
Financial Statement.  
The Company further states that the outstanding undisputed TDS demand amounting to ₹5,30,403 is currently under 
reconciliation. The Company has initiated necessary steps for rectification of the TDS returns filed, and based on the 
rectification process, the Company expects the said demand to be reduced/dropped by the Income Tax Department. 
 
Green Initiatives 
In compliance with Regulation 36 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 2025-26 is being sent only through electronic mode to those Members 
whose email addresses are registered with the Company/ Depositories. Members may note that the Notice and Annual 
Report 2025-26 will also be available on the Company’s website https://qmsmas.com/ 
LISTING FEES: 
 
The listing fees payable for the Financial Year 2025-26 has been paid to National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
within due date. 
 
HUMAN RESOURCES: 
 
Your Company considers people as its biggest assets and ‘Believing in People’ is at the heart of its human resource 
strategy. It has put concerted efforts in talent management and succession planning practices, strong performance 
management and learning and training initiatives to ensure that your Company consistently develops inspiring, strong 
and credible leadership. 
 
Your Company has established an organization structure that is agile and focused on delivering business results. With 
regular communication and sustained efforts it is ensuring that employees are aligned on common objectives and have 
the right information on business evolution. Your Company strongly believes in fostering a culture of trust and mutual 
respect in all its employees seek to ensure that business world values and principles are understood by all and are the 
reference point in all people matters. 
 
The current workforce breakdown structure has a good mix of employees at all levels. Your Board confirms that the 
remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company. 
 
As on March 31, 2026, the Company had only 1037 employees. 
 
OTHER DISCLOSURES: 
 
i. 
DISCLOSURE UNDER SECTION 43(a)(ii) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013: 
 
The Company has not issued any shares with differential rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise and hence 
no information as per provisions of Section 43(a)(ii) of the Act read with Rule 4(4) of the Companies (Share 
Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 is furnished. 
 
ii. 
DISCLOSURE UNDER SECTION 54(1)(d) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013: 
 
36

[page 40]
 
 
The Company has not issued any sweat equity shares during the year under review and hence no information 
as per provisions of Section 54(1)(d) of the Act read with Rule 8(13) of the Companies (Share Capital and 
Debenture) Rules, 2014 is furnished. 
 
iii. 
DISCLOSURE UNDER SECTION 62(1)(b) OF THE COMPANIES ACT,2013: 
 
The Company has not issued any equity shares under Employees Stock Option Scheme during the year under 
review and hence no information as per provisions of Section 62(1)(b) of the Act read with Rule 12(9) of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 is furnished. 
 
iv. 
DISCLOSURE UNDER SECTION 67(3) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013: 
 
During the year under review, there were no instances of non-exercising of voting rights in respect of shares 
purchased directly by employees under a scheme pursuant to Section 67(3) of the Act read with Rule 16(4) of 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 is furnished. 
 
v. 
OTHER DISCLOSURES WITH RESPECT TO REGULATION 62 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013:  
 
During the year under review, the Company has allotted 14,87,443 Equity Shares on Rights Basis on September 
23, 2026.  
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS: 
 
Statements in this Annual Report, particularly those which relate to Management Discussion and Analysis as explained 
in the Corporate Governance Report, describing the Company’s objectives, projections, estimates and expectations may 
constitute ‘forward looking statements’ within the meaning of applicable laws and regulations. Actual results might 
differ materially from those either expressed or implied in the statement depending on the circumstances. 
 
UNPAID DIVIDEND & IEPF: 
 
The Company was not required to transfer any amount to the Investor Education & Protection Fund (IEPF). 
 
STATE OF AFFAIRS OF THE COMPANY: 
 
Information on the operations and financial performance, among others for the period under review, is given in the 
Management Discussion and Analysis Report which is annexed to this Report as an Annexure V and is in accordance 
with the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
ALTERATION IN MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION: 
 
 
There has been no change in any clause of the Memorandum of Association by virtue of Section 13 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, during the Financial Year under review. 
 
 
 
37

[page 41]
 
 
Shareholding of Directors as on March 31, 2026: 
              
No other Director (except as mentioned below) holds any shares in the Company. The Company has not issued any 
convertible instruments 
 
Sr. No. 
Name of the Directors 
Shareholding at the beginning 
of the year 
Shareholding at the end of 
the year. 
1. 
Mahesh Makhija 
Managing Director 
1,28,48,840 (71.98%) 
1,28,48,840 (66.45%) 
 
Board-skills/expertise/competencies: 
 
The Board of directors based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, identified the 
following core skills/expertise/competencies of Directors as required in the context of business of the Company for its 
effective functioning:  
 
Sr. No 
Skills/Expertise/Competencies 
 
1 
Leadership qualities 
2 
Industry knowledge and experience 
3 
Understanding of relevant laws, rules and regulations 
4 
Financial Expertise 
5 
Risk Management 
 
Following are the details of the skills and competence possessed by the Board of Directors: 
 
Sr.
No 
Name of Directors 
Leadership 
qualities 
Industry 
knowledge 
and 
experience 
Understanding 
of 
relevant 
laws, rules and 
regulations 
Financial 
Expertise 
Risk Management 
1 
 Mahesh Makhija 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
2 
 Deena Nath Pathak 
Expert  
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
3 
 Prajwal Poojari 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert  
Expert 
Expert 
4 
 Niken Shah 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
5 
Sarita Mahajan 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
6 
Pranav Manhar 
Badheka 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
 
The identified skills / competences are broad-based and marking of ‘Proficient’ against a particular member does not 
necessarily mean the member does not possess the corresponding skills / competences. 
 
 
 
38

[page 42]
 
 
Penalties / Punishment/ Compounding of Offences: 
 
 
 
 
Acknowledgement 
 
Your Directors wish to place on record their sincere appreciation for significant contributions made by the employees at 
all levels through their dedication, hard work and commitment, enabling the Company to achieve good performance 
during the year under review. 
 
Your Directors also take this opportunity to place on record the valuable co-operation and support extended by the banks, 
government, business associates and the shareholders for their continued confidence reposed in the Company and look 
forward to having the same support in all future endeavor. 
 
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of 
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
SD/- 
SD/- 
Mahesh Makhija                                                       DEENA NATH PATHAK 
DIN: 02700606 
DIN: 02104727 
Managing Director 
Non-Executive Director 
Add: A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg Plot 
No16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus 
Depot, Santacruz East,       Mumbai City, 
Maharashtra, India, 400055 
 
 
DATE: September 03, 2026 
PLACE: MUMBAI 
 
 
Type 
Section 
of 
the 
Companies Act 
Brief Description 
Details of Penalty /
Punishment/ 
Compounding 
fees imposed 
Authority 
[RD / NCLT/
COURT] 
Appeal made, if 
any (give 
Details) 
A. COMPANY 
Penalty 
NONE 
Punishment 
Compounding 
B. DIRECTORS 
Penalty 
NONE 
Punishment 
Compounding 
C. OTHER OFFICERS IN DEFAULT 
Penalty 
NONE 
Punishment 
 
Compounding 
39

[page 43]
 
 
ANNEXURE A 
FORM AOC-1 
Statement pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5 of the Companies 
(Accounts) Rules, 2014, containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries. 
Part A: Subsidiaries 
(Rs. In Lakhs) 
Particulars 
Details 
1. Name of the subsidiary 
Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
2. Reporting period 
April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2026  
3. Reporting currency 
INR 
4. Share capital 
82.50 
5. Reserves & surplus 
4228.75 
6. Total assets 
4590.41 
7. Total liabilities (excl. capital & reserves) 
279.16 
8. Investments 
1 
9. Turnover / Total income 
2058.88 
10. Profit before taxation 
693.19 
11. Provision for taxation 
175.70 
12. Profit after taxation 
51.49 
13. Proposed dividend 
Nil 
14. % of shareholding 
76% 
2. Number of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: Not applicable 
Sr. 
No. 
CIN/any other registration number Name of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations 
 
Nil 
3. Number of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or have ceased to be a subsidiary during the year: Not 
applicable 
 
 
Part B: Associates and Joint Ventures 
Not applicable - the Company has no associate companies or joint ventures. 
 
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
SD/- 
SD/- 
Mahesh Makhija                                                       DEENA NATH PATHAK 
DIN: 02700606 
DIN: 02104727 
Managing Director 
Non-Executive Director 
Add: A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg Plot 
No16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus 
Depot, Santacruz East,       Mumbai City, 
Maharashtra, India, 400055 
 
 
DATE: September 03, 2026 
PLACE: MUMBAI 
 
40

[page 44]
 
 
 
ANNEXURE B 
“ANNEXURE II” 
 
ANNUAL REPORT ON CSR ACTIVITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR 2025-26 
 
As per Annexure II to the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 
 
1. 
Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company. 
 
Corporate Social Responsibility means responsible business practices through the involvement of all stakeholders in the 
decision-making process and in operations.  
 
The CSR policy is aimed at demonstrating care for the community through its focus on education & skill development, 
health & wellness and environmental sustainability. Our CSR activities are designed and implemented to address and 
focus the needs of the local community. 
 
Purpose of the policy 
 
The main objectives of this CSR Policy are:  
 
The objective of the CSR Policy (“Policy”) is to lay down the guiding principles in undertaking various Programs and 
projects by or on behalf of the company relating to Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) within the meaning of section 
135 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Schedule VII of the Act and the CSR Policy Rules 2014. (“Rules”). 
 
Policy Statement  
 
Our Vision: The CSR Policy focuses on addressing critical social, environmental and economic needs of the 
underprivileged sections of the society. Through this policy, we develop our CSR strategy in a way as to enrich the quality 
of life of different marginalized sections of this society. In line with the above Vision, the Company particularly aims to 
make efforts towards self-sustainability of CSR projects and to foster a culture of CSR amongst employees, business 
associates and stakeholders. 
 
2. 
Composition of CSR Committee: 
 
Name of the Directors  
Nature of Directorship  
Designation in Committee  
Niken Ravin Shah 
 
Independent Director 
Chairman  
Prajwal Jayasheela Poojari  
Independent Director 
Member  
Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija                    
Chairperson and Managing Director  
Member  
 
During the year under review the Committee met once during the year i.e on May 29, 2025. The details of the Meeting 
are as follows: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of Director 
Designation/ Nature of 
Directorship 
Number of meetings of 
CSR 
Committee 
held 
during the year 
Number 
of 
meetings of CSR 
Committee 
attended during the 
year 
41

[page 45]
 
 
1. 
Niken Ravin Shah  
(DIN: 07604022) 
Independent Director, 
Chairman  
1 
1 
2. 
Mahesh 
Pahalraj 
Makhija                    
(DIN: 02700606) 
Managing Director, 
Member 
1 
1 
3. 
Prajwal J. Poojari  
(DIN: 07480513) 
Independent Director, 
Member   
1 
1 
 
3.  Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the board are 
disclosed on the website of the company. https://qmsmas.com/investor/  
 
4.  Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach the report). 
 
Not applicable (N.A.) 
 
5.  Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 7 of the Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial year, if any 
 
Sr. No. 
Financial Year 
Amount available for set-off 
from preceding financial years 
(in Rs) 
Amount required to be setoff for the 
financial year, if any (in Rs) 
1.  
2024-25 
1,52,801.57 
1,52,801.57 
 
Total 
1,52,801.57 
1,52,801.57 
 
6. Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5): Rs. 11,78,75,994.99/- 
 
(Calculation as per ‘Table A’) 
 
7. (a) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5):  
Rs. 23,57,519.90/- 
 
(b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: NIL 
 
(c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: Rs. 1,52,801.57/- 
 
(d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a + 7b – 7c): Rs. 22,04,718.33/- 
 
8. 
(a) CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year: Rs. 22,07,000/- 
 
 
 
(b) Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year: 
Total 
Amount 
Spent for the 
Financial 
Year. 
(in 
Rs.) 
Amount Unspent (in Rs.) 
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per section 135(6). 
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule 
VII as per second proviso to section 135(5). 
Amount. 
Date of transfer. 
Name of the Fund 
Amount 
Date of transfer. 
22,07,000 
N.A. 
N.A. 
N.A. 
N.A. 
N.A. 
42

[page 46]
 
 
 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
(6) 
(7) 
(8) 
(9) 
(10) 
(11) 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of 
the 
Project. 
Item 
from 
the 
list of 
activi
ties in 
Sched
ule 
VII 
to the 
Act. 
Local 
area 
(Yes/ 
No) 
Location 
of the 
project. 
State/ 
District 
Project 
duration 
Amount 
allocated 
for the 
project 
(in Rs.). 
Amount spent 
in the current 
financial 
Year
(in Rs.). 
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account for the 
project as per 
Section 
135(6) 
(in 
Rs.). 
Mode of 
Implement
a 
tion – 
Direct 
(Yes/No). 
Mode of 
Impleme
ntation – 
Through 
Implemen
ting 
Agency. 
Name 
and CSR 
Registrat
ion No. 
 
 
(c) Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year: 
 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
(6) 
(7) 
(8) 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the 
Project. 
Item from the 
list of activities 
in Schedule VII 
to the Act. 
Local 
area 
(Yes/ 
No) 
Location of the 
project. 
Amount 
spent for 
the 
project 
(in Rs.) 
Mode of 
implementati 
on – Direct 
(Yes/No). 
Mode of implementation 
– Through implementing 
agency. 
 
 
 
 
State 
District 
 
 
Name 
CSR 
Registrat
ion 
number 
1 
Donation 
Health Care 
Yes 
Maharasht
ra 
Mumbai 
2,07,000/- 
Yes 
Sundeep Trust CSR000
63858 
2 
Donation 
Education 
Yes 
Maharasht
ra 
Mumbai 
20,00,000/- 
Yes 
Kanku Leela 
Educational 
Trust 
CSR000
93548 
 
(d)    Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil 
 
(e)     Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: N.A. 
 
(f)     Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e): 22,07,000/- 
 
(g) Excess amount for set off, if any 
 
Sr. No.  
Particular  
Amount (in Rs.) 
(i) 
Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) 
23,57,519.90 
(ii) 
Total amount spent for the Financial Year  
22,07,000 
(iii) 
Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] 
(1,50,519.9) 
(iv) 
Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the 
previous financial years, if any 
152801.57 
(v) 
Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] 
2,281.67 
   
 
43

[page 47]
 
 
 
9. 
(a) Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: 
 
Sr.No. 
Preceding 
Financial 
Year. 
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account under 
section 135 (6) 
(in Rs.)  
Amount 
spent 
in the 
reporting 
Financial 
Year 
(in Rs.). 
Amount 
transferred 
to 
any 
fund 
specifiedvunder Schedule VII as per section 
135(6), if any. 
Amount 
remaining to 
be spent in 
succeeding 
financial 
years. (in Rs.) 
Name of the 
Fund 
Amount  
(in Rs). 
Date 
of 
transfer. 
N.A. 
 
(b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s): 
 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
(6) 
(7) 
(8) 
(9) 
Sr.No. 
Project 
ID. 
Name of 
the 
Project. 
Financial 
Year in 
which the 
project was 
commenced. 
Project 
duration. 
Total 
amount 
allocated 
for the 
project 
(in Rs.). 
Amount 
spent on the 
project in 
the 
reporting 
Financial 
Year (in 
Rs). 
Cumulative 
amount spent 
at the end of 
reporting 
Financial 
Year. (in Rs.) 
Status of the 
project – 
Completed 
/Ongoing. 
 
 
N.A. 
 
10.  (a) In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired through 
CSR spent in the financial year 
 
(asset-wise details). 
 
(a) Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset(s): N.A. 
 
(b) Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset: N.A. 
 
(c) Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered, their address 
etc.: N.A. 
 
(d) Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and location of the capital asset).: 
N.A. 
 
 
44

[page 48]
 
 
 
 
11.  Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 135(5): N.A 
 
 
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
SD/- 
SD/- 
Mahesh Makhija                                                       DEENA NATH PATHAK 
DIN: 02700606 
DIN: 02104727 
Managing Director 
Non-Executive Director 
Add: A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg Plot 
No16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus 
Depot, Santacruz East,       Mumbai City, 
Maharashtra, India, 400055 
 
 
DATE: September 03, 2026 
PLACE: MUMBAI 
 
 
Table A 
Calculation of average net profit of the company and CSR Contribution as per section 135(5) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. 
 
 
 
Net Profit of the Company calculated in accordance 
with section 198 
Average Profit 
CSR 
Expenditure 
for 2025-2026 
2022-23 
2023-24 
2024-25 
8,70,52,614.99 
12,23,58,507.48 
14,42,16,953 
11,78,75,994.99 
23,57,519.90 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
45

[page 49]
 
 
ANNEXURE C  
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES / REMUNERATION 
Disclosure pursuant to Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 for FY 2025–26  
 
Ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for FY 2025-26 
as well as the percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary is 
as under:  
 
Name of Director/ Key Managerial 
Personnel 
Ratio to median remuneration 
% increase in remuneration 
over previous year 
Mr. Mahesh Makhija - 
(Executive Directors) 
103.56 : 1 
19.05% 
Mrs. Sejal Mhatre (CFO) 
7.60 : 1 
7.47% 
Mrs. Toral Jailesh Bhadra (Company 
Secretary) 
3.73 : 1 
20.00% 
 
A. Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in FY 2025-26: 30.70% 
B. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2026:  1037 
C. Comparison of average percentile increase in salary of employees other than the managerial personnel and the 
percentile increase in the managerial remuneration:  
 
Particulars 
% change in remuneration 
Average increase in salary of employees (other than managerial 
personnel) 
41.85% 
Average increase in remuneration of managerial personnel 
18.24% 
 
 
Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration policy of the Company: It is hereby affirmed that the 
remuneration paid is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company. 
 
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
SD/- 
SD/- 
Mahesh Makhija                                                       DEENA NATH PATHAK 
DIN: 02700606 
DIN: 02104727 
Managing Director 
Non-Executive Director 
Add: A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg Plot 
No16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus 
Depot, Santacruz East,       Mumbai City, 
Maharashtra, India, 400055 
 
 
DATE: September 03, 2026 
PLACE: MUMBAI 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46

[page 50]
 
 
ANNEXURE D 
FORM NO. MR-3 
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT 
 
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 
 
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No. 9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014] 
 
  To, 
 
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748  
 
A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg Plot No16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus Depot Santacruz East, 
Mumbai City, Maharashtra, India, 400055 
 
We have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good 
corporate practices by QMS Medical Allied Services Limited (hereinafter referred as “the company”). Secretarial Audit 
was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing our Opinion thereon. 
 
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minutes book, forms and returns filed and other records 
maintained by the company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized 
representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, the explanations and clarifications given to us and the 
representations made by the Management and subject to letter annexed herewith, we hereby report that in our opinion, 
the Company has during the audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2026, complied with the 
statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism 
in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter: 
  
We have examined the books, papers, minutes book, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by QMS 
Medical Allied Services Limited (“The Company”) for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 according to the 
provisions of: 
(i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made there under; 
 
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”) and the rules made there under; 
 
(iii) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 and Bye-laws Framed 
there under; 
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to extent of Foreign 
Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial borrowings 
 
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange  Board of India Act, 
1992 (‘SEBI Act’): - 
 
(a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011;  
 
(b)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015; 
 
(c)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018; 
 
(d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable during the review period) 
 
(e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) 
Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable during the review period) 
 
(f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with Client; 
 
(g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; (Not 
applicable during the review period) 
 
47

[page 51]
 
 
(h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (Not applicable 
during the review period) 
 
(i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI Listing Regulations")  
 
 
(vi) As informed and certified by the management, there are no laws that are specifically applicable to the business 
activities carried on by the Company based on its section/industry. 
 
We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the following: 
 
(a) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
 
(b) The Listing Agreements entered into by the Company with the Stock Exchange read with the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015; 
 
During the period under review the Company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, 
Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above to the extent applicable: 
 
We further report that the Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive  
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors. No changes took place in the composition of the Board 
of Directors during the period under review. 
 
 
Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were 
sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications 
on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting. 
 
All the Board/Committee decisions are taken unanimously. 
 
We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and 
operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines. 
 
We further report that during the audit period, the following major events occurred which had a significant bearing on 
the affairs of the Company, in pursuance of the above-referred laws, rules, regulations and guidelines: 
 
During the year under review, the Company issued 14,87,500 equity shares of face value ₹10/- each on a rights basis 
at a price of ₹81/- per equity share (including a premium of ₹71/- per share), aggregating up to ₹12,50,00,000/-, 
pursuant to the approval of the Board of Directors dated 25th August, 2025. The Rights Issue was offered to the eligible 
equity shareholders of the Company in the ratio of 1 (One) Rights Equity Share for every 12 (Twelve) fully paid-up 
equity shares held as on the record date, i.e. 4th September, 2025, and the Company allotted 14,87,443 fully paid-up 
equity shares pursuant thereto vide Board Resolution dated 23rd September, 2025, in accordance with Section 62(1)(a) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018. 
 
During the year under review, the Company acquired an additional 25% equity stake in Saarathi Healthcare Private 
Limited on 28 October 2025, thereby increasing its aggregate shareholding from 51% to 76%. 
 
Equity shares were listed on the NSE Emerge (SME) platform on 11th October, 2022. During the audit period, the 
Company made an application to the National Stock Exchange of India Limited for migration of its equity shares from 
the NSE Emerge (SME) Platform to its Main Board, on 25th March, 2026. With effect from 18th June, 2026, the 
Company's 1,93,37,443 equity shares migrated to the Mainboard of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE) under symbol QMSMEDI, pursuant to NSE's approval dated 16th June, 2026. 
 
 
48

[page 52]
 
 
 
 Except the above events, no other events have taken place during the review period. 
 
 
 
For Maharshi Ganatra and Associates 
(Company Secretaries) 
 
 
Sd/- 
Signature: 
Maharshi Ganatra (Proprietor) 
Membership No. F11332 
COP No: 14520 
PR No: 7211/2025 
UDIN: F011332H001361780 
Place: Mumbai 
Date: September 03, 2026  
 
*We have checked the compliances done by the Company during the review period. Further the compliances done by 
the Statutory Auditor are assumed to be complied from their end. 
 
Note: This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part 
of this report. 
 
49

[page 53]
 
 
 
 
Annexure A 
 
 
To, 
 
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748  
 
A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg Plot No16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus Depot Santacruz East, 
Mumbai City, Maharashtra, India, 400055 
 
Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter. 
 
1. Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to 
express as opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. 
 
2. We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the 
correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct 
facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a 
reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the 
Company. 
 
4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happening of events etc. 
 
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, Rules, Regulations, standards are the 
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis. 
 
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
For Maharshi Ganatra and Associates 
(Company Secretaries) 
 
Sd/- 
 
Signature: 
Maharshi Ganatra (Proprietor) 
Membership No. F11332 
COP No: 14520 
PR No: 7211/2025 
UDIN: F011332H001361780 
Place: Mumbai 
Date: September 03, 2026 
 
 
 
50

[page 54]
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE E 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS REPORT 
 
Industry Structure and Developments 
Healthcare has become one of India’s largest sectors, both in terms of revenue and employment. Healthcare comprises 
hospitals, medical devices, clinical trials, outsourcing, telemedicine, medical tourism, health insurance and medical 
equipment. The Indian healthcare sector is growing at a brisk pace due to its strengthening coverage, services, and 
increasing expenditure by public as well as private players. 
 
India’s healthcare delivery system is categorised into two major components - public and private. The government, i.e., 
the public healthcare system, comprises limited secondary and tertiary care institutions in key cities and focuses on 
providing basic healthcare facilities in the form of Primary Healthcare Centers (PHCs) in rural areas. The private sector 
provides most secondary, tertiary, and quaternary care institutions with a major concentration in metros, tier- I, and tier-
II cities. 
 
India's competitive advantage lies in its large pool of well-trained medical professionals. India is also cost-competitive 
compared to its peers in Asia and Western countries. The cost of surgery in India is about one-tenth of that in the US or 
Western Europe. The low cost of medical services has resulted in a rise in the country’s medical tourism, attracting 
patients from across the world. Moreover, India has emerged as a hub for R&D activities for international players due 
to its relatively low cost of clinical research. 
 
Opportunities and Threats 
QMS MAS sees significant opportunities in expanding its current offerings across existing and new institutional clients. 
Our online and retail business continues to grow, supported by our own consumer healthcare brand, Q Devices, which 
has maintained a positive growth trajectory during FY 2025-26. 
 
The Indian healthcare industry is currently on the rise as there is significant investment from both the private and 
public space, with a specific interest in preventative healthcare as well as patient support solutions. QMS MAS stands 
ready with it’s wide range of offerings and highly trained and capable national workforce to attend to the requirements 
of our institutional clients in both the pharmaceutical and insurance domains. 
 
The requirements for high quality diagnostic medical devices is also growing significantly amongst both medical 
practitioners as well as patients. QMS MAS with it’s extensive experience in validating, sourcing, importing & 
distribution of the same is perfectly placed to cater to these requirements and fulfil them with the highest quality of 
service and product. 
 
Opportunities are rife for QMS MAS with a possibility of expansion into the hospital segment for product distribution 
as well as executing servicee projects with various state governments in the public domain. We will also look to be 
the first to acquire prime and innovative medical technologies that will supplement all our revenue lines including our 
product distribution, screening services and point of care distributions. 
 
Segment/ Product wise Performance 
 
During FY 2025-26, QMS MAS continued to strengthen its healthcare services portfolio, managing 106 camp projects 
and 20 Patient Support Programs (PSPs) across multiple therapy areas. 
 
Our product distribution channel continues to remain an important contributor to revenue, with QMS associating with 
established healthcare brands and supplying a broad portfolio of medical and healthcare products. During FY 2025-
26, our services division conducted a total of 32,380 screening camps across the country, contributing to preventive 
healthcare, patient engagement, early detection and continuity of care. 
 
Our Point of Care Division, supported by its portfolio of devices and consumables, continues to serve institutional 
clients and remains an important part of the Company’s growth journey. 
 
Future Outlook 
 
QMS MAS is perfectly positioned to expand it’s business operations on a national scale. The healthcare is constantly 
growing due to influx of funds into healthcare infrastructure development as well as other delivery systems. This 
influx requires tertiary services to flourish such as high class medical technology as well as the requisite screening 
services, for which we stand ready. 
51

[page 55]
 
 
 
Risk and Concerns 
 
The risk factor that constantly looms over the healthcare industry in general is a change in government policy that 
may happen due to socio-economic or socio-political issues. 
Price-caps, increase in red-tape and regulatory overhauls will affect sale and profitability. Increase on import duties 
for medical devices also tends to create a challenging environment to operate in. 
 
Internal Control Systems and their adequacy 
The Company’s internal control system is structured to ensure there is prevention of loss, no unlawful use and no 
disposal of its assets. There are stringent processes in place that are functioning with rigid oversight by management. 
The management is constantly informed of all transactions, all of which are authorised as per the relevant processes. 
The Company maintains its books of accounts and reports financial statements in accordance with all applicable 
accounting standards. The Company has hired internal auditors to examine several aspects of the Company’s 
operations. Management and the Board’s Audit Committee periodically evaluate the audit reports. Consequent to 
implementation of Companies Act, 2013 (Act), the Company has complied with the specific requirements in terms of 
Section 134(5)(e) of the Act calling for establishment and implementation of an Internal Financial Control framework 
that supports compliance with requirements of the Act in relation to the Directors’ responsibility statement. 
 
DISCUSSION 
ON 
FINANCIAL 
PERFORMANCE 
WITH 
RESPECT 
TO 
OPERATIONAL 
PERFORMANCE 
 
 
The key highlights of the Company's standalone and consolidated financial performance for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2026, are summarized below: 
 
Particulars 
F.Y. 2025-26 
F.Y. 2024-25 
Standalone 
Consolidated 
Standalone 
Consolidated 
Revenue from Operations 
15,229.73 
17,287.65 
14,486.74 
15,601.41 
Other Income 
35.47 
105.31 
45.58 
171.58 
Total Income 
15,265.20 
17,392.96 
14,532.32 
15,772.99 
Operating 
expenditure 
before Finance 
cost, depreciation and amortization 
13,179.98 
14699.88 
12,154.79 
13060.66 
Earnings before Finance cost, depreciation and 
amortization (EBITDA) 
2,085.22 
2,693.08 
2377.53 
2,712.33 
Less: Depreciation 
350.97 
393.93 
339.83 
382.54 
Less: Finance Cost 
789.03 
655.16 
595.53 
463.58 
Profit before Tax 
945.22 
1,643.99 
1,442.17 
1,866.21 
Less: Current Tax 
277.00 
459.35 
426.00 
559.69 
Less: Short/Excess provision for Income Tax 
8.35 
8.51 
1.12 
(14.66) 
Less: Deferred tax Liability (Asset) 
(9.21) 
(15.55) 
(27.01) 
(48.66) 
Profit after Tax 
669.08 
1,191.68 
1,042.06 
1,369.84 
Less: other Comprehensive income 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Total Comprehensive income 
669.08 
1,191.68 
1,042.06 
1,369.84 
 
*Previous year figures have been regrouped / re-arranged wherever necessary. 
 
The key aspects of the Company's performance during the financial year 2025-26 are as follows: 
 
I. 
Standalone Performance 
• 
For the financial year ended 2025-26, the Company's standalone revenue from operations reached ₹15,229.73 
Lakhs as compared to ₹14,486.74 Lakhs recorded during the previous financial year 2024-25. This represents 
an increase of 5.13% over the previous year.  
• 
The Company's standalone EBITDA stood at ₹2,085.22 lakh during FY 2025-26 as against ₹2,377.53 lakh 
in FY 2024-25, reflecting a decrease of 12.30%.  
• 
The standalone Profit After Tax (PAT) stood at ₹669.08 lakh for FY 2025-26 as compared to ₹1,042.06 lakh 
in FY 2024-25, representing a year-on-year decline of 35.80%.  
 
 
52

[page 56]
 
 
 
II. 
Consolidated Performance 
• 
For the financial year ended 2025-26, the Company's consolidated revenue from operations was ₹17,287.65 
Lakhs, compared to ₹15,601.41 Lakhs in the previous year 2024-25. This represents a growth of 10.81% over 
the previous year.  
• 
The consolidated EBITDA stood at ₹2,693.08 lakh for FY 2025-26 as compared to ₹2,712.33 lakh in FY 2024-
25, reflecting a marginal decrease of 0.71%.  
• 
The consolidated Profit After Tax (PAT) was ₹1,191.68 lakh during FY 2025-26 as against ₹1,369.84 lakh in 
FY 2024-25, representing a year-on-year decline of 13.01% 
MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS IN HUMAN RESOURCES / INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS 
 
Our Company believe that our employees are key contributors to our business success and its ability to maintain 
growth depends to a large extent on our strength in attracting, training, motivating and retaining employees. We focus 
on attracting and retaining the best possible talent. Our Company looks for specific skill-sets, interests and background 
that would be an asset for its kind of business. 
 
As of March 31, 2026, Our Company’s permanent workforce stood at 1037 employees. Our manpower is a prudent 
mix of the experienced and youth which gives us the dual advantage of stability and growth. Our work processes and 
skilled resources together with our strong management team have enabled us to successfully implement our growth 
plans. 
Details of Significant Changes in Key Financial Ratios (>=25% change) 
 
Ratio 
Figures As 
At 
31.03.202
6 
Figures As 
At 
31.03.202
5 
% Change 
From 
Last 
Year 
Explanation for Change in Ratio (for 
more than 25% in comparison with last 
year) 
Debtors Turnover/Trade 
Receivables Turnover Ratio 
(Times) 
2.70 
2.75 
-1.82% 
No significant change during the year. 
Inventory Turnover (Times) 
2.24 
2.07 
8.21% 
No significant change during the year. 
Current Ratio (Times) 
1.42 
1.54 
-7.79% 
No significant change during the year. 
Debt Equity Ratio (Times) 
0.87 
0.88 
-1.14% 
No significant change during the year. 
Operating Profit Margin (%) 
13.70% 
16.41% 
-16.51% 
Decrease due to reduction in EBITDA 
margin during FY 2025-26. 
Net Profit Margin (%) 
4.38% 
7.17% 
-38.91% 
Decrease in net profit margin due to 
lower profitability compared to previous 
year. 
change in Return on Net 
Worth (%) 
6.42% 
11.84% 
-45.78% 
Decrease due to lower profitability and 
increase in shareholders’ funds. 
Debt 
Service
 
Coverage 
Ratio (Times) 
1.99 
2.20 
-9.55% 
No significant change during the year. 
53

[page 57]
 
 
Creditor
 
Turnover/Tra
de Payables Turnover Ratio 
(Times) 
5.52 
5.11 
8.02% 
No significant change during the year. 
Net capital turnover ratio 
(Times) 
3.91 
3.60 
8.61% 
No significant change during the year. 
Return on Capital employed 
8.17% 
11.74% 
-30.41% 
Decrease due to lower return generated 
on capital employed. 
Return on investment 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
No change during the year. 
 
 
 
 
54

[page 58]
 
 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
 
The Company's equity shares were listed on the NSE Emerge (SME) platform for part of FY2025-26 and migrated to 
the NSE Mainboard with effect from 18-Jun-2026. This Report is prepared in accordance with Schedule V-C of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
1. Company's Philosophy on Corporate Governance 
Effective corporate governance practices constitute the foundation of sustainable corporate growth, foster 
stakeholder confidence, and enable the Company to achieve enduring business success. QMS Medical Allied 
Services Limited (‘QMS/‘the Company’) strives to deepen its corporate governance objectives, underscoring its 
commitment to high standards of transparency, accountability, and ethical conduct. The Company is committed to 
the principles of accountability, transparency, and fairness throughout all the operations, striving to meet 
stakeholder expectations comprehensively. It transcends mere compliance with legal frameworks, embodying a 
commitment to core values, the adoption of best management practices and steadfast adherence to the highest 
ethical standards in all interactions. This approach aims to achieve the Company’s objectives, enhance stakeholder 
interests and fulfill its societal responsibilities.  
Corporate Governance is an integral part of the Company's business philosophy. The Board of Directors and the 
management are committed to maintaining the highest standards of governance by ensuring transparency, fairness, 
accountability, and responsible decision-making across all business operations. The Company believes that sound 
governance practices enhance stakeholder confidence, strengthen business resilience, and support sustainable long-
term growth. 
Over the years, the Company has continuously strengthened its governance framework in line with evolving 
regulatory requirements and global best practices. These practices define the manner in which the Company 
conducts its business with integrity, manages risks, and creates sustainable value. The Company has established a 
well-defined governance structure with clearly demarcated roles and responsibilities for the Board, its committees, 
the management, and other governance functions. The Board of Directors, entrusted by the shareholders, is 
responsible for the overall strategic direction, governance, and supervision of the affairs of the Company. To 
facilitate effective discharge of its responsibilities, the Board has constituted various statutory Committees with 
defined terms of reference. 
The Company's governance framework is supported by: 
• A balanced and experienced Board comprising Executive, Non-Executive, and Independent Directors with 
diverse expertise. 
• Board Committees that ensure focused oversight of key governance areas, including audit, nomination and 
remuneration, stakeholder relationship, corporate social responsibility, and risk management, wherever 
applicable. 
• Robust internal financial controls, risk management systems, and compliance mechanisms. 
 
• Transparent financial reporting, timely statutory disclosures, and adherence to applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
 
• Strategic oversight of the Company's business operations, major initiatives, capital allocation, and long-
term growth plans. 
 
• Oversight of the operations and governance of the Company's subsidiaries, joint ventures, and associate 
entities, as applicable. 
 
• A strong ethical culture reinforced through the Code of Conduct, Code of Practices and Procedures for 
Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information, Code of Conduct for Prevention of Insider 
Trading, Whistle Blower Policy, and other internal policies. 
 
• Commitment to sustainability, environmental responsibility, and responsible corporate citizenship. 
 
 
The Company remains committed to continuously enhancing its governance standards and fostering a 
culture of integrity, accountability, innovation, and compliance. Through these principles, QMS Medical 
Allied Services Limited strives to achieve operational excellence, responsible growth, and sustainable 
value creation for all its stakeholders. 
55

[page 59]
 
 
2. Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors plays a fundamental role in corporate governance, serving as the highest decision-
making body responsible for overseeing the company's strategic direction, management, and overall 
performance. The primary duty of the board is to act in the best interests of the shareholders, ensuring that 
the company operates within a framework of integrity, accountability, and transparency. The board is tasked 
with setting the company's vision, mission, and objectives, as well as approving major policies, business 
strategies, and financial decisions that shape the long-term success of the organization. In fulfilling its 
fiduciary duties, the board is required to ensure compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and corporate 
governance standards, and to monitor the performance of the management in executing the company’s 
strategic plans. 
All the Directors have made necessary disclosures regarding Committee positions held by them in other 
companies and do not hold the office of Director in more than ten public companies as on March 31, 2026. 
 
Additionally, the Board of Directors is responsible for establishing effective risk management and internal 
control systems, ensuring that the company identifies, assesses, and mitigates potential risks to its operations. 
The board is also accountable for the appointment, evaluation, and removal of KMPs and must ensure that 
the company’s leadership is competent, ethical, and aligned with the organization’s values and objectives. 
Furthermore, the board has a duty to promote shareholder rights, facilitate open communication with 
stakeholders, and ensure that shareholders receive timely and accurate information regarding the company’s 
performance and governance practices. By fulfilling these roles, the Board of Directors ensures that corporate 
governance principles are effectively implemented, enhancing the company’s accountability, sustainability, 
and long-term shareholder value. 
 
3. Constitution of Board 
The Board of Directors of the Company comprises an optimum combination of Executive, Non-Executive, 
and Independent Directors, ensuring an appropriate balance of skills, experience, expertise, diversity, and 
independence in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 17 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI LODR Regulations"). The 
balanced composition of the Board facilitates effective decision-making, strategic guidance, objective 
oversight, and sound corporate governance. 
As on March 31, 2026, the Board comprised Five (5) Directors, consisting of One (1) Managing Director, 
One (1) Non-Executive Non-Independent Director and Three (3) Independent Directors. 
The Independent Directors are Non-Executive Directors who satisfy the criteria of independence prescribed 
under Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI LODR Regulations. 
They have submitted the requisite declarations confirming that they continue to meet the prescribed criteria 
of independence and are independent of the management. The tenure of the Independent Directors is in 
compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI LODR Regulations. 
In accordance with Section 150 of the Act read with Rule 6 of the Companies (Appointment & Qualification 
of Directors) Rules, 2014, all the Independent Directors have registered themselves with the Independent 
Directors’ data bank maintained by the Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (IICA). 
The present composition of the Board reflects a judicious blend of professional expertise, industry 
experience, financial acumen, governance knowledge, and independent judgment, enabling the Board to 
effectively discharge its fiduciary responsibilities and provide strategic direction to the Company. 
None of the Directors on the Board: 
 
• holds directorships in more than ten public companies; 
 
• serves as an Independent Director in more than seven listed entities; 
 
• where serving as a Whole-time Director or Managing Director in a listed entity, serves as an 
Independent Director in more than three listed entities; or 
 
• is a member of more than ten Committees or acts as Chairperson of more than five Committees 
(considering only the Audit Committee and Stakeholders' Relationship Committee) across all public 
companies in which he/she is a Director. 
 
56

[page 60]
 
 
The Directors have made the necessary disclosures regarding their directorships and committee 
memberships/chairmanships in other companies, and the Company is in compliance with the limits 
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI LODR Regulations. 
 
The composition of the Board and its Committees is in conformity with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI LODR Regulation 
 
The composition and Category of the Board during the year ended March 31, 2026 of this Report are 
tabulated below: 
 
Name of 
Director 
DIN 
Category 
cum 
Designati 
on 
Date 
of 
Origi
n al 
Appoi 
ntmen 
t 
Date of 
Re-
appoint 
ment at 
current 
term 
Total 
Direc 
torshi 
p in 
other 
Com 
pani 
es* 
Directorshi 
p in other 
Listed 
Companies 
excluding 
our 
Company 
No. of 
Committee^ 
No. of 
Shares 
held as 
on 
March 
31, 2026 
 Inter-se 
Relation 
between 
Directors 
Direc 
tor is 
Mem 
ber 
Direc 
tor is 
Chai
r 
man 
Mr. Mahesh Pahalraj 
Makhija 
02700606 
Promoter 
Chairman 
cum 
Managin g 
Director 
14-09-
2017 
25-
11-
2025 
3 
- 
- 
- 
1,28,48,840 No Relation 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak 
02104727 
Non-
Executive 
Non-
Independe
nt 
Director 
23-08-
2024 
- 
2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
No Relation 
Mr. Prajwal Jayasheela 
Poojari 
07480513 
Non-
Executive 
Independe
nt 
Director 
15-06-
2022 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
No Relation 
Mr. Niken Ravin Shah 
07604022 
Non-
Executive 
Independe
nt 
Director 
11-03-
2022 
- 
2 
1 
- 
1 
- 
No Relation 
Mrs. Sarita Vijay Mahajan 10841279 
Non-
Executive 
Independe
nt 
Director 
19-11-
2024 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
No Relation 
 
^Committee includes Audit Committee and Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee across all Public Companies 
including our Company. 
*excluding Section 8 Company, Struck off Company, Amalgamated Company and LLPs. 
 
None of the Directors of the Company are subject to any disqualification for appointment as Directors, as outlined 
under Section 164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013. A Certificate from M/s. Maharshi Ganatra & Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretaries, Ahmedabad, in compliance with Regulation 34 in conjunction with Schedule 
V of the SEBI LODR Regulations, is annexed herewith as Annexure G in this Report. 
 
 
 
57

[page 61]
 
 
Details of Chairmanship in Committees 
 
Sr No 
Name of Director 
Committees 
1. 
Mr. Prajwal J. Poojari 
Audit Committee, Stakeholder Relationship Committee – QMS Medical 
Allied Services Limited 
2. 
Mr. Niken R. Shah – Chairman 
Nomination And Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee - QMS Medical Allied Services Limited 
 
Details of Membership in Committees 
 
Sr No 
Name of Director 
Committees 
1. 
Mr. Niken R. Shah 
Audit Committee, Stakeholder Relationship Committee - QMS 
Medical Allied Services Limited 
2. 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak 
Audit Committee, Nomination And Remuneration Committee, 
Stakeholder Relationship Committee - QMS Medical Allied 
Services Limited 
3. 
Mr. Mahesh Makhija Makhija 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee - QMS Medical 
Allied Services Limited 
 
Mr. Prajwal J. Poojari 
Nomination And Remuneration Committee, Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee - QMS Medical Allied Services 
Limited  
 
Relationship Between Directors Inter-Se 
 
None of the Directors are related to one another 
 
Board Meeting 
Regular meetings of the Board are held at least once in a quarter, inter-alia, to review the quarterly results of the 
Company. Additional Board meetings are convened, as and when required, to discuss and decide on various business 
policies, strategies and other businesses. The Board meetings are generally held at registered office of the Company. 
 
During the year under review, the Board of your Company met Twelve (12) times in the year 2025-2026. The details 
of Board Meeting held and participation of Directors thereat is enumerated as below: 
 
Sr. No. 
Date of meeting 
Total No. of Directors 
on the 
Date of Meeting 
No. 
of 
Directors attended 
% of Attendance 
1 
  29-05-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
2 
 13-08-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
3 
 22-08-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
4 
 25-08-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
5 
 29-08-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
6 
 23-09-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
7 
 16-10-2025   
05 
05 
100.00 
8 
 13-11-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
9 
14-11-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
10 
22-12-2025 
05 
05 
100.00 
11 
14-02-2026 
05 
05 
100.00 
12 
25-03-2026 
05 
05 
100.00 
 
The details of Board Meetings held from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026 and attendance   of each Director thereat is 
as follows: 
 
58

[page 62]
 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Name of the Board Member 
No. 
of 
Meetings 
entitled 
to 
attend 
No. 
of 
Meetings 
attended 
% 
of 
Attendance 
1. 
Mahesh Pahalraj Makhija 
12 
12 
100 
2. 
Niken Ravin Shah  
12 
12 
100 
3. 
Prajwal Jayasheela Poojari  
12 
12 
100 
4. 
Sarita Vijay Mahajan 
12 
12 
100 
5. 
Deena Nath Pathak 
12 
12 
100 
 
Familiarization Programmes for Board Members: 
 
The Company has in place a structured Familiarisation Programme for its Independent Directors to enable them to 
gain a comprehensive understanding of the Company's business, industry dynamics, operations, regulatory 
environment, strategic objectives, and their roles, rights, responsibilities, and duties under the Companies Act, 2013 
and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The programme also provides 
periodic updates on statutory and regulatory developments relevant to the Company and its business. 
 
During the financial year, the Company conducted familiarisation programmes for its Independent Directors in 
accordance with the requirements of the SEBI LODR Regulations. The details of such programmes are available on 
the Company's website at the following web link: https://qmsmas.com/ 
 
Board-skills/expertise/competencies: 
 
The Board of directors based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, identified 
the following core skills/expertise/competencies of Directors as required in the context of business of the Company 
for its effective functioning:  
 
Sr. No 
Skills/Expertise/Competencies 
 
1 
Leadership qualities 
2 
Industry knowledge and experience 
3 
Understanding of relevant laws, rules and regulations 
4 
Financial Expertise 
5 
Risk Management 
 
   Following are the details of the skills and competence possessed by the Board of Directors: 
 
Sr.No 
Name of Directors 
Leaders
hip 
qualitie
s 
Industry 
knowledge 
and 
experience 
Understanding 
of 
relevant laws, rules 
and regulations 
Financial 
Expertise 
Risk 
Management 
1 
 Mahesh Makhija 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
2 
 Deena Nath Pathak 
Expert  Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
3 
 Prajwal Poojari 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert  
Expert 
Expert 
4 
 Niken Shah 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
5 
Sarita Mahajan 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
Expert 
 
The identified skills / competences are broad-based and marking of ‘Proficient’ against a particular member does not 
necessarily mean the member does not possess the corresponding skills / competences. 
 
59

[page 63]
 
 
Independent Directors:  
In compliance with Section 149 of the Companies Act, 2013, the rules framed thereunder, and the SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations, 2015, the Company has appointed four Non-Promoter, Non-Executive Independent Directors. The Board 
of Directors is of the opinion that all Three Independent Directors meet the criteria prescribed under Section 149 of the 
Companies Act, 2013, the rules made thereunder, and the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, and affirm that they are 
independent of the management of the Company. 
 
A separate meeting of the Independent Directors was held on March 25, 2026, to assess the performance of the Non-
Independent Directors, the overall performance of the Board, and the performance of the Chairperson of the Company. 
The meeting also included a review of the quality, quantity, and timeliness of the flow of information between the 
Company’s management and the Board, which is vital for the Board to effectively and efficiently discharge its 
responsibilities. 
 
The terms and conditions governing the appointment of Independent Directors, along with the Code for Independent 
Directors, are available on the Company’s website at https://qmsmas.com/ 
 
The Company has obtained declarations from the Independent Directors in accordance with Section 149(7) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, confirming their compliance 
with the Independence criteria as stipulated under the relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for the financial 
year 2026. The Board has duly considered these declarations and confirmations, having conducted a thorough 
assessment of their accuracy and reliability. In the Board’s opinion, the Independent Directors satisfy the requisite 
conditions for reappointment and are fully independent of the management 
 
Board Evaluation Criteria: 
 
During the year, the Board carried out an Annual Evaluation of its own performance and the performance of individual 
Directors, as well as evaluation of the Committees of the Board. An indicative list of factors on which evaluation of 
the individual directors, the Board and the Committees was carried out includes, Board structure and composition, 
degree of fulfilment of key responsibilities, establishment and delineation of responsibilities to Committees, 
effectiveness of Board processes, information flow, functioning of the Board/ Committees, Board culture and 
dynamics, quality of relationship between the Board and Management, contribution to decisions of the Board, 
guidance/support to Management outside Board/Committee meetings. 
 
Insider Trading Code 
 
In accordance with the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 (“PIT Regulations”), as amended 
from time to time, the Board of Directors of the Company had adopted the Codes of Fair Disclosure and Conduct 
(“the Code”) which in turn contains the Code of Conduct to Regulate, Monitor and Report Trading by Insiders and 
Code of Fair Disclosure Practices. This Code is applicable to all Directors, Promoters, such identified Designated 
Persons and their Immediate Relatives and other Connected Persons who are expected to have Unpublished Price 
Sensitive Information relating to the Company. Ms. Toral Bhadra, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the 
Company is the Compliance Officer under the Code. 
 
Committees of Board 
 
The Board Committees play a vital role in ensuring sound Corporate Governance practices. The Committees are 
constituted to handle specific activities and ensure speedy resolution of the diverse matters. The Board Committees 
are set up under the formal approval of the Board to carry out clearly defined roles under which are considered to be 
performed by members of the Board, as a part of good governance practice. The Board supervises the execution of 
its responsibilities by the Committees and is responsible for their action. The minutes of the meetings of all the 
Committees are placed before the Board for review. 
 
The terms of reference for the Board Committees are established by the Board of Directors periodically. Currently, 
the Company has four committees: the Audit Committee, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the 
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. All decisions regarding the 
constitution of these committees, the appointment of members, and the determination of terms of reference for 
committee members are made by the Board of Directors. 
Detailed information regarding the role and composition of these committees, including the number of meetings held 
during the financial year and related attendance, is provided below. 
 
During the financial year 2025-26, there were no instances where the Board did not accept the recommendations 
made by any of its committees. 
 
60

[page 64]
 
 
 
Audit committee: 
The Audit Committee of the Board has been constituted in accordance with the provisions of Section 177 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 18 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 ("SEBI LODR Regulations"). The Committee assists the Board in discharging its oversight responsibilities 
relating to the integrity of the Company's financial statements, financial reporting process, internal financial controls, 
risk management framework, statutory compliance, internal and statutory audit functions, and the effectiveness of 
the internal control systems. 
 
The role, powers, and terms of reference of the Audit Committee are in conformity with the requirements of Section 
177 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Part C of Schedule II read with Regulation 18 of the SEBI LODR Regulations. 
During the financial year, the Committee discharged its responsibilities effectively by reviewing the financial 
reporting process, quarterly and annual financial statements, audit reports, internal audit findings, adequacy of 
internal financial controls, related party transactions, and compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory 
requirements, and by making appropriate recommendations to the Board. 
 
The Composition of Audit Committee as on 31st March, 2026  is as follows: 
 
• Mr. Prajwal Jayasheela Poojari – Chairman, Non-Executive Independent Director 
• Mr. Deena Nath Pathak – Member, Non - Executive Director 
• Mr. Niken Ravin Shah – Member, Non-Executive Independent Director 
 
The Audit Committee of Directors was constituted pursuant to the provisions of Section 177 of the Companies 
Act, 2013. The composition of the Audit Committee is in conformity with the provisions of the said section. The 
Audit Committee met Eight (8) times during the financial year ended 31st March, 2026. 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Date of meeting 
Total No. of Directors 
on the Date of 
Meeting 
No. 
of 
Directors attended 
% of Attendance 
1 
29-05-2025 
03 
03 
100% 
2 
13-08-2025 
03 
03 
100% 
3 
22-08-2025 
03 
03 
100% 
4 
25-08-2025 
03 
03 
100% 
5 
29-08-2025 
03 
03 
100% 
6 
13-11-2025 
03 
03 
100% 
7 
14-11-2025 
03 
03 
100% 
8 
14-02-2026 
03 
03 
100% 
 
The details of Audit Committee Meetings held from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026 and attendance of each 
Director thereat is as follows: 
 
Sr. No. 
Name 
of 
the 
Committee 
Member 
No. of Committee 
Meetings entitled to 
attend 
No. of Meetings 
attended 
% of Attendance 
1. 
Niken Ravin Shah  
08 
08 
100% 
2. 
Prajwal Jayasheela Poojari  
08 
08 
100% 
3. 
Deena Nath Pathak 
08 
08 
100% 
 
The Committee is governed by a terms of reference, which is in line with the regulatory requirements mandated 
by the Companies Act, 2013. Some of the important functions performed by the Committee are: 
 
1. Oversight of the Company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to 
61

[page 65]
 
 
ensure that the financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible; 
2. Recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors of our Company; 
3. Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors; 
4. Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor's report thereon before 
submission to our Board for approval, with particular reference to: 
• Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement, to be included in our 
Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act; 
• Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same; 
• Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management; 
• Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings; 
• Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements; 
• Disclosure of any related party transactions; and 
• modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report. 
5. Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial statements before submission to our Board for 
approval; 
6. Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through an issue 
(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than 
those stated in the offer document / prospectus / notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency 
monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making appropriate 
recommendations to our Board to take up steps in this matter; 
7. Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit 
process; 
8. Approval of any subsequent modification of transactions of our Company with related parties; 
9. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments; 
10. Valuation of undertakings or assets of our Company, wherever it is necessary; 
11. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems; 
12. Reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the internal 
control systems 
13. Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit 
department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and 
frequency of internal audit; 
14. Discussion with internal auditors of any significant findings and follow up thereon; 
15. Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is 
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting 
the matter to our Board; 
16. Discussion with statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nsature and scope of audit as 
well as post- audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern; 
17. Looking into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors; 
18. Reviewing the functioning of the whistle blower mechanism; 
19. Approval of appointment of CFO (i.e., the whole-time finance Director or any other person heading the 
finance function or discharging that function) after assessing the qualifications, experience and 
background, etc. of the candidate; 
20. Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee. 
21. reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the holding company in the 
subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower 
including existing loans / advances / investments existing as on the date of coming into force of this 
provision.]  
22.  consider and comment on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, demerger, 
amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders. 
23. Carrying out any other function as may be mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee. 
62

[page 66]
 
 
 
All the Members on the Audit Committee have the requisite qualification for appointment on the 
Committee and possess sound knowledge of finance, accounting practices and internal controls. 
 
The Company Secretary acts as the Secretary to the Committee. 
 
  Nomination and Remuneration Committee: 
 
The Company has formed Nomination and Remuneration committee in line with the provisions of Section 178 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 19 of Listing Regulations, or any subsequent modification(s) or 
amendment(s) thereof. Nomination and Remuneration Committee meetings are generally held for identifying the 
persons who are qualified to become Directors and may be appointed in senior management and recommending 
their appointments and removal. 
 
As on 31st March, 2026 the Composition of Nomination and Remuneration Committee is as follows: 
 
• 
Mr. Niken Ravin Shah – Chairman, Non-Executive Independent Director 
• 
Mr. Prajwal Jayasheela Poojari – Member, Non-Executive Independent Director 
• 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak – Member, Non - Executive Director 
 
The Board has in accordance with the provisions of sub-section (3) of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
formulated the policy setting out the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a 
Director and policy relating to remuneration for Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees. 
 
During the year, the committee met 1 (One) times with full attendance of all the members. The composition of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee as of March 31, 2026 and details of the Members participation at the 
Meetings of the Committee are as under: 
 
Sr.N0 
Date of meeting 
Total No. of Directors 
on the Date of 
Meeting 
No. 
of 
Directors 
attended 
%of Attendance 
1 
29-08-2025 
03 
03 
100% 
 
The details of Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meetings held from April 01, 2025  to March 31, 2026  
and attendance of each Director thereat is as follows: 
 
Sr. No. 
Name of the Committee 
Member 
No. of Committee 
Meetings entitled 
to attend 
No. of Meetings 
attended 
% of Attendance 
1. 
Mr. Niken Ravin Shah 
01 
01 
100% 
2. 
Mr. Prajwal Jayasheela 
Poojari 
01 
01 
100% 
3. 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak 
01 
01 
100% 
 
 
 
63

[page 67]
 
 
 
The terms of reference of the Committee inter alia, include the following: 
 
1. 
Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director 
and recommend to our Board a policy relating to the remuneration of the Directors, key managerial personnel 
and other employees; 
2. 
For every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall 
evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, 
prepare a description of the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The person 
recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall have the capabilities identified 
in such description.  For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Committee may: 
a) use the services of an external agencies, if required;  
b) consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and  
c) consider the time commitments of the candidates 
3. 
Formulation of criteria for evaluation of independent Directors and our Board; 
4. 
Devising a policy on Board diversity; 
5. 
Identifying persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in senior management 
in accordance with the criteria laid down, and recommend to our Board their appointment and removal; 
6. 
Whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report 
of performance evaluation of independent directors. 
7. 
Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management. 
 
Performance evaluation criteria for independent directors 
 
The performance of Independent Directors shall be evaluated based on, inter alia, the following criteria: 
 
1. 
Acting objectively and constructively while discharging their duties and responsibilities. 
2. 
Exercising their responsibilities in good faith and in the best interests of the Company and its stakeholders. 
 
3. 
Devoting sufficient time and attention to their professional obligations to enable informed, balanced, and 
independent decision-making. 
 
4. 
Refraining from misusing their position to the detriment of the Company or its shareholders, or for securing any 
direct or indirect personal benefit or benefit to any associated person. 
 
5. 
Maintaining their independence at all times and refraining from any action that may compromise 
such independence. 
 
6. 
Promptly informing the Board of Directors of any circumstance that may result in the loss of their 
independence. 
 
7. 
Supporting and promoting the implementation of sound corporate governance practices within the 
Company. 
 
8. 
Making every effort to attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and the Committees of which they are 
members. 
 
9. 
Participating actively and constructively in the deliberations of the Board and its Committees, including 
effectively discharging their responsibilities as Chairperson or member, where applicable. 
 
10. Striving to attend the general meetings of the Company. 
 
11. Keeping themselves adequately informed about the Company's business, operations, industry 
developments, and the external environment in which the Company operates. 
 
12. Refraining from unfairly obstructing the functioning of the Board or any of its committees while ensuring 
effective oversight and governance. 
 
64

[page 68]
 
 
13. Exercising independent judgment to facilitate balanced decision-making and, where appropriate, 
moderating and resolving conflicts in the best interests of the Company as a whole, including conflicts 
between management and shareholders. 
 
14. Complying with the provisions of the Company's Memorandum and Articles of Association, 
applicable policies and procedures, including the Code of Conduct, Insider Trading Code, and other 
governance frameworks. 
 
The detailed criteria and process for evaluating the performance of Independent Directors are set out in the Company's 
Performance Evaluation Policy, which is available on the Company's website at the following link: https://qmsmas.com/ 
 
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee: 
The Board of Directors of our Company has, in pursuance to provisions of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 
and Regulation 19 of Listing Regulations, or any subsequent modification(s) or amendment(s) thereof. The Company 
has constituted Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee mainly to focus on the redressal of Shareholders’ / Investors’ 
Grievances, if any, like Transfer / Transmission / Demat of Shares; Loss of Share Certificates; Non-receipt of Annual 
Report; Dividend Warrants, etc. 
 
   As on 31st March, 2026 the Composition of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is as follows: 
 
• 
Mr. Prajwal Jayasheela Poojari – Chairman, Non-Executive Independent Director 
• 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak – Member, Non - Executive Director 
• 
Mr. Niken Ravin Shah – Member, Non-Executive Independent Director 
 
The Company has Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, as per Section 178 (5) of Companies Act, 2013. 
 
During the year, the committee met once (1) time with full attendance of all the members. The composition of the 
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee as at March 31, 2026 and details of the Members participation at the 
Meetings of the Committee are as under: 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Date of meeting 
Total No. of Directors 
on the Date of Meeting 
No. 
of 
Directors attended 
% of Attendance 
1 
25-03-2026 
3 
3 
100% 
 
 
The details of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee Meetings held from April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026 and 
attendance of each Director thereat is as follows: 
 
Sr. No. Name of the Committee 
Member 
No. 
of 
Committee 
Meetings entitled to 
attend 
No. of Meetings 
attended 
% of Attendance 
1. 
Mr. Niken Ravin Shah 
1 
1 
100% 
2. 
Mr. Prajwal Jayasheela 
Poojari 
1 
1 
100% 
3. 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak 
1 
1 
100% 
 
 
 
65

[page 69]
 
 
The terms of reference of the Committee are: 
 
1. Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the listed entity including complaints related to 
transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of 
new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc. 
2. Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders. 
3. Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being 
rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent. 
4. Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of unclaimed 
dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders 
of the company. 
 
During the year, there were no complaints received from shareholder on SCORES. There are no balance 
complaints. The Company had no share transfers pending as on March 31, 2026. 
 
General Meetings: 
 
Location and time, where Annual General Meeting (AGM) for the last 3 years were held is given below: 
 
 
Financial 
Year 
AGM 
Date 
Time 
Location 
No. of Special Resolutions 
passed 
2024-25 
8th 
Monday, 
September 
29, 2025 
11:00 a.m 
Through 
Video 
Conferencing 
or 
Other Audio  
Visual means 
To re-appoint Mr. Mahesh 
Pahalraj 
Makhija 
as 
Managing Director of the 
Company 
2023-24 
7th 
Friday 
, 
September 
27, 2024 
 
 02.00 p.m.  
Through 
Video 
Conferencing 
or 
Other Audio  
Visual means 
• Payment  of  Remuneration  
to  Mr.  Deena  Nath  
Pathak  (DIN:  02104727),  
Non‐Executive 
 
Non  
Independent  
Director of the Company. 
• Approval for enhancement 
of Borrowing Limits of the 
Company. 
• Approval for creation of 
charge on movable and 
immovable properties of 
the Company 
• To  Increase  in  the  limit  
of 
 
managerial  
remuneration  of  Mr.  
Mahesh  Makhija  (DIN:  
02700606), 
 
Managing 
Director of the Company 
2022-23 
6th 
Monday, 
September 
25, 2023 
11.00 a.m. 
Through 
Video 
Conferencing 
or 
Other Audio  
Visual means 
Nil 
 
 
 
66

[page 70]
 
 
During the last three financial years, all Special Resolutions placed before the shareholders of the Company were 
approved with the requisite majority as prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and the applicable provisions of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
The Special Resolutions were passed by the Members at the Annual General Meetings through remote e-voting and 
e-voting during the meetings, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 108 and 109 of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, as amended, under the supervision of the 
Scrutinizer appointed for the purpose. 
 
Postal Ballot 
 
During the year under review no resolutions were passed through Postal Ballot 
 
Details of remuneration to all the directors and key managerial personnel: 
 
Name of the Directors 
Salary, 
Allowance, 
perquisites and 
other benefits 
Performance-
linked 
Income/Bonus/Co
mmission 
Paid/Payable 
Stock Option 
Pension 
Sitting Fees Paid 
Mr. Mahesh Makhija 
2,00,00,000 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Mr. Niken Ravin Shah 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,40,000 
Mr. Prajwal Jayasheela 
Poojari  
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,40,000 
Mr. Deena Nath Pathak 
26,19,600 
 
 
 
 
Mrs. Sarita Vijay Mahajan 
 
 
 
 
1,30,000 
 
Remuneration to Key Managerial Personnel other than MD/Manager/WTD: 
 
Sr.No 
Particulars of  Remuneration 
Remuneration in (Rs.) till the date of employment  
 
Company 
Secretary 
(Toral Bhadra) 
CFO 
(Sejal Mhatre) 
Total 
1 
Gross salary 
 
 
(a) Salary as per provisions contained in 
6,00,000 
13,66,100 
19,66,100 
 
section 17(1) of the Income-tax Act, 1961 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Value of perquisites u/s 17(2) Income- 
 
 
tax Act, 1961 
 
 
(c) Profits in lieu of salary undersection 
 
 
17(3) Income-tax Act, 1961 
 
2 
Stock Option 
- 
- 
- 
3 
Sweat Equity 
- 
- 
- 
4 
Commission 
- 
- 
- 
 
- as % of profit 
 
 
- others, specify… 
 
5 
Others, please specify 
- 
- 
- 
 
Total 
6,00,000 
13,66,100 
19,66,100 
 
 
 
67

[page 71]
 
 
Disclosure of Managerial Remuneration:  
 
Ratio of remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of the Company for FY 2025-
26 as well as the percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary 
is as under:  
 
Name of Director/ Key Managerial 
Personnel 
Ratio to median remuneration 
% increase in remuneration 
over previous year 
   Mr. Mahesh Makhija - 
(Executive Directors) 
103.56 : 1 
19.05% 
  Mrs. Sejal Mhatre (CFO) 
7.60 : 1 
7.47% 
Mrs. Toral Jailesh Bhadra                
(Company Secretary) 
3.73 : 1 
20.00% 
 
A. Percentage increase in the median remuneration of employees in FY 2025-26: 30.70% 
B. Number of permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2026: 1037 
C. Comparison of average percentile increase in salary of employees other than the managerial personnel and 
the percentile increase in the managerial remuneration:  
 
Particulars 
% change in remuneration 
Average increase in salary of employees (other than managerial 
personnel) 
41.85% 
Average increase in remuneration of managerial personnel 
18.24% 
 
Affirmation: It is affirmed that the remuneration paid to the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other 
employees is as per the Remuneration Policy of the Company. 
Means of Communication 
Website 
The Company maintains a dedicated 'Investors' section on its website, https://qmsmas.com/investor/, which provides 
comprehensive information to investors and other stakeholders. The website hosts, inter alia, the Company's Annual 
Reports, financial results, shareholding pattern, corporate governance disclosures, policies, Board Committee charters, 
investor presentations, stock exchange intimations, and other statutory disclosures. 
Dissemination of Material Information 
In compliance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the Company 
promptly disseminates all material events, price-sensitive information, statutory disclosures, and other filings to the 
Stock Exchanges through their electronic filing systems. Such disclosures are also made available on the Company's 
website to ensure timely and transparent communication with all stakeholders. 
Financial Results 
The quarterly, half-yearly, and annual financial results of the Company, upon approval by the Board of Directors, are 
disseminated in accordance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations. The financial results are 
published in widely circulated national and regional newspapers, wherever applicable, and are also hosted on the 
Company's website https://qmsmas.com/investor/ as well as on the website of the National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited www.nseindia.com. 
Earnings Calls and Investor Presentations 
The Company engages with analysts, institutional investors, and other stakeholders through earnings calls following the 
announcement of its financial results. Audio recordings and transcripts of such earnings calls, along with investor 
presentations, are made available on the Company's website, ensuring wider dissemination of information and 
promoting transparency in investor communication. 
68

[page 72]
 
 
Annual Report and Annual General Meeting 
The Annual Report, comprising the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements, Board's Report, 
Management Discussion and Analysis Report, Corporate Governance Report, Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report (where applicable), Auditors' Reports, and other statutory information, is circulated to the 
Members through electronic mode and is also made available on the Company's website. The Annual General Meeting 
provides shareholders with an opportunity to interact with the Board of Directors and the senior management of the 
Company. 
Communication with Stock Exchanges 
The Company maintains regular communication with the Stock Exchange and ensures timely submission of all 
disclosures, including financial results, notices, corporate announcements, and other material information, in 
compliance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI LODR Regulations. 
Through these communication channels, the Company remains committed to maintaining a high level of transparency, 
timely dissemination of information, and continuous engagement with its shareholders, investors, analysts, and other 
stakeholders. 
General Shareholder Information 
9th Annual General Meeting 
 
 
Date 
Time 
Venue 
30th September, 2026 
02:30 PM 
through Video Conferencing or Other Audio Visual means 
 
Financial Calendar for the year 2025-2026 
 
 
Financial year 
1st April, 2025 to 31st March, 2026 (both days inclusive) 
Book Closure Dates 
24-09-2026 to 30-09-2026 
 
Listing of Equity Shares on Stock Exchange and Stock Codes 
Listing on Stock Exchange: 
NSE Limited (“NSE”) 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400051  
 
 
Stock Market Data and their Performance v/s NSE Nifty 
 
The high/low of the market price of the shares of the Company is as follows: 
 
Month 
NSE (Rs.) 
High 
Low 
April-2025 
114 
79.9 
May-2025 
94 
83.1 
June-2025 
91.9 
81.6 
July-2025 
85 
74 
August-2025 
93 
75 
September-2025 
110.5 
85 
October-2025 
108 
96 
November-2025 
101 
89.5 
December-2025 
100 
88 
January-2026 
92.9 
79.05 
February-2026 
97.7 
83.6 
March-2026 
87 
68.95 
69

[page 73]
 
 
 
 
Registrar And Share Transfer Agent (RTA):  
Bigshare Services Private Limited  
Office No. S6-2, 6th Floor Pinnacle Business Park,  
Next to Ahura Centre Mahakali Caves Road,  
Andheri (East). 
Tel: 022-6263 8200. 
Website: https://www.bigshareonline.com/ 
 
Share transfer system: 
 
 
 
As per SEBI Notification No. SEBI/LAD-NRO/GN/2018/24 dated June 8, 2018 and further amendment vide 
Notification No. SEBI/LAD-NRO/GN/2018/49 dated November 30, 2018, requests for effecting transfer of securities 
(except in case of transmission or transposition of securities) cannot be processed from April 1, 2019 unless the 
securities are held in the dematerialized form with the depositories.  
 
The Board appreciates that all the members are holding shares in dematerialized form. 
 
Distribution of shareholding: 
 
         Nominal Value of Shares: Rs. 10 
 
Category (Shares) 
Shareholders 
Shares 
Number 
% 
Number 
% 
1-5000 
73 
4.7681  
168520       
0.0871 
5001- 10000 
785 
51.2737  
7826470 
4.0473 
10001-20000 
301          
19.6604 
5256270 
2.7182 
20001-30000       
97    
6.3357 
2770190 
1.4326 
30001-40000           
44       
2.8739 
1724660 
0.8919 
40001-50000        
39 
2.5474 
1915410 
0.9905 
50001-100000             93 
6.0745 
6686140 
3.4576 
100001 and above 
99 
6.4664 
167026770 
86.3748 
Total 
1531 
100.00 
193374430 
100.0000 
 
Reconciliation of share capital audit : 
 
As stipulated by SEBI, a qualified Practicing Company Secretary carries out the quarterly reconciliation of the total 
Share capital held with the National Security Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) 
Limited (CDSL) and the total issued and listed share capital and the report thereon is submitted to the National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited. The report, inter alia, confirms that the number of shares issued, listed on the Stock exchange 
and that held in demat mode are in agreement with each other 
          
 
 
70

[page 74]
 
 
Dematerialization of Shares: 
 
The Company’s shares are required to be compulsorily traded on Stock Exchanges in dematerialized form. The number 
of shares as on 31st March, 2026 held in dematerialized and physical form are as under: 
 
Particulars 
No. of Shares 
% 
NSDL 
15829027 
81.86 
CDSL 
3508416 
18.14 
Physical 
0 
0 
Total 
19337443 
100.00 
 
Compliance with mandatory and non-mandatory requirements of the Listing Regulations: 
 
The Company has complied with all mandatory requirements of Listing Regulations and has not adopted any non-
mandatory requirements which are not applicable to the Company. 
 
Dividend Payment 
 
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on May 30, 2026, has recommended a final dividend of Re. 0.50/- (i.e. 5%) 
per equity share of face value Rs. 10/- each for the financial year 2025-26, subject to the approval of Members at the 
ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
Accordingly, if approved by the Members, the Final Dividend shall be paid within the statutory timelines prescribed 
under the Companies Act, 2013, after deduction of tax at source, wherever applicable. 
 
Record Date 
Wednesday, September 23, 2026 
Payment Date 
on or before Friday, October 30, 2026 
 
LISTING FEES: 
 
The listing fees payable for the Financial Year 2025-2026 has been paid to National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
within due date. 
 
OUTSTANDING GDRS/ADRS/WARRANTS OR ANY CONVERTIBLE INSTRUMENTS CONVERSION 
DATE AND LIKELY IMPACT ON EQUITY 
 
The Company has not issued any Global Depository Receipts (GDRs), American Depository Receipts (ADRs), 
Warrants, or any convertible instruments as of now. As a result, there are no outstanding GDRs, ADRs, Warrants, or 
convertible securities that may impact the Company's share capital. 
 
COMMODITY PRICE RISK/FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK AND HEDGING 
As the Company is not engaged in commodity trading, the disclosure requirements under the SEBI Circular dated 
November 15, 2018, pertaining to Commodity Price Risk, Foreign Exchange Risk, and Hedging activities are not 
applicable. 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION MECHANISM AT STOCK EXCHANGES (SMART ODR) 
As per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/131 dated 31st July 2023, a common Online 
Dispute Resolution Portal (ODR Portal) has been established for investors to facilitate online conciliation and arbitration 
of disputes related to securities. Investors can now opt for arbitration with Stock Exchanges in case of any dispute 
against the Company or its RTA regarding delays or defaults in processing investor service requests. This is in addition 
to the existing SCORES system, where investors initially lodge their complaints or grievances against the Company. 
71

[page 75]
 
 
If an investor is not satisfied with the resolution provided by the Company, RTA, or SCORES, they may initiate the 
Online Dispute Resolution process through the ODR Portal at https://smartodr.in/login . 
As on March 31, 2026, no matters, relating to the Company, were pending in SMART ODR mechanism. 
OTHER DISCLOSURE INFORMATION 
Compliance with Non-mandatory Requirements 
 
The non-mandatory requirements have been adopted to the extent and in the manner as stated under the appropriate 
headings detailed below: 
The Board 
 
The Board periodically reviewed the compliance with all the applicable laws and steps taken by your Company 
to rectify instances of noncompliance, if any. Your Company is in compliance with all mandatory requirements 
of Listing Regulations. 
Shareholders’ Right 
 
The Company ensures that the disclosure of all the information is disseminated on a non-discretionary basis to 
all the Shareholders. The quarterly results are uploaded on the website of the Company 
https://www.qmsmas.com. The same are also available on the sites of stock exchange (NSE) where the shares of 
your Company are listed. 
Audit Qualification 
Your Company’s Financial Statements are unqualified. 
Reporting of Internal Auditor 
 
The Internal Auditor of your Company regularly report their findings of the internal audit to the Audit Committee 
Members 
 
Disclosures on materially significant related party transactions that may have potential conflict 
with the interests of listed entity at large 
 
All related party transactions that were entered into during FY 2025-26 were on arm’s length basis and, in the 
ordinary course of business and were in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Act and the SEBI 
Listing Regulations. There were no material significant related party transactions entered into by the Company 
with Promoters, Directors, KMPs or other designated persons which may have a potential conflict with the 
interest of the Company at large. 
 
The Company has revised the related party transaction policy in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended and the same is 
uploaded on 
Company’s 
website at https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
 
Details of non-compliance by the listed entity, penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity by 
stock exchange(s) or the Board or any statutory authority, on any matter related to capital 
markets, during the last three years; 
 
Your Company has timely complied with all the requirements of the Stock Exchanges, SEBI and other Statutory 
Authority on all matters related to capital markets. From the date of listing, no penalties or strictures have been 
imposed on the Company. 
 
 
72

[page 76]
 
 
Details of establishment of vigil mechanism, whistle blower policy and affirmation that no 
personnel have been denied access to the audit committee. 
 
The Company has established a vigil mechanism and accordingly framed a Whistle Blower Policy. The policy 
enables the employees to report to the management instances of unethical behavior actual or suspected fraud or 
violation of Company’s Code of Conduct. 
 
Further the mechanism adopted by the Company encourages the Whistle Blower to report genuine concerns or 
grievances and provide for adequate safe guards against victimization of the Whistle Blower who avails of such 
mechanism and also provides for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in exceptional cases. The 
functioning of vigil mechanism is reviewed by the Audit Committee from time to time. 
 
The Company hereby affirms that no Director/ employee have been denied access to the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee and that no complaints were received during the year. The said policy is placed on the website of the 
Company at  https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
 
Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of the non-mandatory 
requirements 
 
The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations relating to 
Corporate Governance. 
Web link where policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries is disclosed 
 
The Company has formed the policy for determining ‘material subsidiaries. The same has been placed on the 
website of the Company and web-link to the same is as under: https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
 
Web link where policy on dealing with related party transactions is disclosed 
 
The policy of Related party transactions can access at: https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
 
Disclosure of commodity price risks and commodity hedging activities 
 
The Company has not undertaken any commodity hedging activities during the Financial Year 2025-26. 
Accordingly, there are no commodity hedging transactions to report under the applicable provisions of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions 
placement as specified under Regulation 32 (7A) 
 
The Company has not undertaken any fund raise through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement and 
hence, such disclosure is not required. 
 
CEO / CFO Certification 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 17(8) read with Part B of Schedule II of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the requisite certificate duly signed by the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and 
the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company was placed before the Board of Directors for the Financial 
Year 2025-26. The said certificate forms part of this Annual Report as Annexure F 
 
CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of Corporate Governance as prescribed under 
Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI LODR Regulations"). 
 
A certificate from M/s. Maharshi Ganatra & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries, confirming compliance 
with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated under the SEBI LODR Regulations for the Financial 
Year 2025-26, forms part of this Annual Report as Annexure H. 
 
73

[page 77]
 
 
Certificate Regarding Non-Disqualification of Directors 
 
In accordance with Schedule V of the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Company has obtained a certificate from 
M/s. Maharshi Ganatra & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries, confirming that none of the Directors on 
the Board of the Company has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as a Director 
by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA), or any other 
statutory or regulatory authority as on March 31, 2026. The said certificate forms part of this Annual Report as 
Annexure G. 
 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Total fees for all services paid by the Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to the Statutory 
Auditors is given below: 
(Amount in Lakhs) 
 
Particulars 
2025-26 
2024-25 
Consolidated 
Standalone 
Consolidated 
Standalone 
Audit Fees 
316500 
256000 
323000 
225000 
 
Disclosures in Relation to The Sexual Harassment Of Women At Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition And Redressal) Act, 2013 
 
To foster a positive workplace environment free from harassment of any nature we have framed Prevention of 
Sexual Harassment Policy through which we address complaints of sexual harassment at all workplaces of the 
Company. Our policy assures discretion and guarantees non-retaliation to complainants. We follow a gender-
neutral approach in handling complaints of sexual harassment and we are compliant with the law of the land 
where we operate. The Company is committed to creating and maintaining a safe and conducive work 
environment to its employees without fear of sexual harassment, exploitation and intimidation. Further, the 
company has complied with provisions relating to the constitution of Internal Complaints Committee under the 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. 
 
During the year under review, 
 
Number of Complaints filed during FY 2025-26 
NIL 
Number of Complaints disposed of during FY 2025-26 
NIL 
Number of Complaints pending for FY 2025-26 
NIL 
 
The Anti-Sexual Harassment Policy, as adopted by the Board of Directors, is placed on the website of the 
Company at https://qmsmas.com/investor/ 
 
Disclosure by Listed Entity and Its Subsidiaries of ‘Loans and Advances in the nature of Loans 
and Advances in the Nature Of Loans To Firms / Companies In Which Directors Are 
Interested By Name And Amount: 
 
Information regarding loans, guarantees, and investments, as per the provisions of Section 186 of the Companies 
Act, 2013, is disclosed in the Notes to the Financial Statements for the year ending March 31, 2026. 
 
Details of Material Subsidiaries 
 
In terms of the Company's Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries, formulated pursuant to Regulation 
16(1)(c) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("SEBI LODR 
Regulations"), the materiality of a subsidiary is assessed at the end of each financial year, based on its audited 
financial statements for that year. 
 
Based on the audited financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026, Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
has met the materiality threshold prescribed under Regulation 16(1)(c) of the SEBI LODR Regulations and, 
accordingly, qualifies as a "Material Subsidiary" of the Company for the Financial Year 2026-27. There is no 
other subsidiary and a Material Subsidiary of the Company in the Financial Year 2025-26. 
 
Except for Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited as stated above, the Company did not have any other material 
subsidiary within the meaning of Regulation 16(1)I of the SEBI LODR Regulations as on March 31, 2026. 
 
 
 
74

[page 78]
 
 
As on March 31, 2026, the Company had the following subsidiary companies: 
 
Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited –Subsidiary, incorporated on October 21, 2010. 
 
 
Compliance with Corporate Governance Requirements 
 
The Company has complied with all the applicable requirements of the Corporate Governance Report as specified 
under Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. There were 
no instances of non-compliance with the applicable requirements of sub-paragraphs (2) to (10) of the Corporate 
Governance Report during the Financial Year 2025-26. 
 
Adoption of Discretionary Requirement 
 
The discretionary requirements specified under Part E of Schedule II of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 are not applicable to the Company and, accordingly, have not been 
adopted during the Financial Year 2025-26. 
 
The disclosures of the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements specified in 
Regulation 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 shall be made 
in the section on corporate governance of the annual report. 
 
The Company has complied with all the applicable mandatory requirements of Corporate Governance as 
stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The Company remains committed to 
maintaining the highest standards of Corporate Governance and continues to adhere to the applicable statutory 
and regulatory requirements. 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars 
Regulation No. 
Compliance Status 
(Yes/No/NA) 
1 
Independent director(s) have been appointed in terms of specified 
criteria of ‘independence’ and/or ‘eligibility’ 
16(1)(b) & 25(6) 
Yes 
2 
Board composition 
17(1), 17(1A), 17(1C), 
17(1D) & 17(1E) 
Yes 
3 
Meeting of Board of Directors 
17(2) 
Yes 
4 
Quorum of Board Meeting 
17(2A) 
Yes 
5 
Review of Compliance Reports 
17(3) 
Yes 
6 
Plans for orderly succession for appointments 
17(4) 
Yes 
7 
Code of Conduct 
17(5) 
Yes 
8 
Fees/Compensation 
17(6) 
Yes 
9 
Minimum Information 
17(7) 
Yes 
10 
Compliance Certificate 
17(8) 
Yes 
11 
Risk Assessment & Management 
17(9) 
NA 
12 
Performance Evaluation of Independent Directors 
17(10) 
Yes 
13 
Recommendation of Board 
17(11) 
Yes 
14 
Maximum Number of Directorships 
17A 
Yes 
15 
Composition of Audit Committee 
18(1) 
Yes 
16 
Meeting of Audit Committee 
18(2) 
Yes 
17 
Role of Audit Committee and Information to be 
Reviewed by the Audit Committee 
18(3) 
Yes 
18 
Composition of Nomination & Remuneration Committee 
19(1) & 19(2) 
Yes 
19 
Quorum of Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
Meeting 
19(2A) 
Yes 
20 
Meeting of Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
19(3A) 
Yes 
21 
Role of Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
19(4) 
Yes 
22 
Composition of Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
20(1), 20(2) & 20(2A) 
Yes 
23 
Meeting of Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
20(3A) 
Yes 
24 
Role of Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
20(4) 
Yes 
75

[page 79]
 
 
25 
Composition and Role of Risk Management Committee 
21(1), 21(2), 21(3) & 
21(4) 
NA 
26 
Meeting of Risk Management Committee 
21(3A) 
NA 
27 
Quorum of Risk Management Committee Meeting 
21(3B) 
NA 
28 
Gap Between the Meetings of the Risk Management 
Committee 
21(3C) 
NA 
29 
Vigil Mechanism 
22 
Yes 
30 
Policy for Related Party Transactions 
23(1), 23(1A), 23(5), 
23(6) & 23(8) 
Yes 
31 
Prior or Omnibus Approval of Audit Committee for all 
Related Party Transactions 
23(2) & 23(3) 
Yes 
32 
Approval for Material Related Party Transactions 
23(4) 
Yes 
33 
Disclosure 
of 
Related Party 
Transactions 
on 
Consolidated Basis 
23(9) 
Yes 
34 
Composition of Board of Directors of Unlisted Material 
Subsidiary 
24(1) 
NA 
35 
Other 
Corporate 
Governance 
Requirements
with 
Respect to Subsidiary of Listed Entity 
24(2),24(3),24(4),24(5) 
& 24(6) 
NA 
36 
Alternate Director to Independent Director 
25(1) 
NA 
37 
Maximum Tenure 
25(2) 
Yes 
38 
Appointment, Re-appointment or Removal of an 
Independent Director through Special Resolution or the Alternate 
Mechanism 
25(2A) 
NA 
39 
Meeting of Independent Directors 
25(3) & 25(4) 
Yes 
40 
Familiarization of Independent Directors 
25(7) 
Yes 
41 
Declaration from Independent Director 
25(8) & 25(9) 
Yes 
42 
Directors and Officers Insurance 
25(10) 
NA 
43 
Confirmation 
with 
Respect to 
Appointment 
of 
Independent Directors who Resigned from the Listed Entity 
25(11) 
NA 
44 
Memberships in Committees 
26(1) 
Yes 
45 
Affirmation with Compliance to Code of Conduct from 
Members of Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel 
26(3) 
Yes 
46 
Policy with Respect to Obligations of Directors and 
Senior Management 
26(2) & 26(5) 
Yes 
47 
Approval 
of 
the 
Board 
and 
Shareholders
for 
Compensation or Profit Sharing in Connection with Dealings in 
the Securities of the Listed Entity 
26(6) 
NA 
48 
Vacancies in Respect of Key Managerial Personnel 
26A(1) & 26A(2) 
NA 
76

[page 80]
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure F 
CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION 
We, Mahesh Pahalraj  Makhija, Chairman cum Managing Director and Mrs. Sejal Vivek Mhatre, Chief Finance Officer 
of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited certify that: 
 
1. 
We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year and that to the best of 
our knowledge and belief: 
 
(i) these statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain 
statements that might be misleading; 
 
(ii) these statements together present a true and fair view of the listed entity’s affairs and are in 
compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations. 
 
2. 
To the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year 
ended March 31, 2026 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s Code of Conduct. 
 
3. 
We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and 
that we have evaluated the effectiveness of the internal control system of the Company pertaining to 
financial reporting and we have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee that we have not 
come across any reportable deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls. 
 
4. 
We further certify that we have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee that: 
 
(i) There have been no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year; 
 
(ii) There have been no significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have 
been disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and 
 
(iii) There have been no instances of significant fraud, of which we have become aware, involving 
management or any employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over 
financial reporting. 
 
For QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
Sd/- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sd/- 
 
Sejal Vivek Mhatre  
                                                      Mahesh Pahalraj  Makhija  
 
Chief Financial Officer                                                          Managing Director 
 
DATE: September 03, 2026                                                   DATE: September 03, 2026        
PLACE: MUMBAI                                                                PLACE: MUMBAI 
 
 
77

[page 81]
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE G  
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS 
(Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015) 
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH, 2026 
 
To, 
The Members of  
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg Plot No16  
Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus Depot  
Santacruz East, Mumbai City, Maharashtra, India, 400055 
 
We have examined the relevant Registers, records, forms returns and disclosures provided by the Directors (as enlisted 
in Table A) of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited having CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748 and having registered 
office at A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg Plot No16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus Depot Santacruz East, 
Mumbai City, Maharashtra, India, 400055 (hereinafter referred to as "the Company”), for the purpose of issuing this 
Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors identification 
Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and based on the disclosures of the 
Directors, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company (as enlisted in Table A) have been 
debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority for the period ended as on March 
31, 2026. 
 
TABLE A 
Sl. 
No 
Name of the Director 
Designation 
DIN 
Date of Appointment in 
Company 
1 
Prajwal Jayasheela 
Poojari  
Director 
07480513 
15/06/2022 
2 
Niken Ravin Shah 
 
Director 
07604022 
11/03/2022 
3 
Mahesh Pahalraj 
Makhija 
 
Managing 
Director 
02700606 
14/09/2017 
4 
Sarita Vijay Mahajan 
Director 
10841279 
19/11/2024 
5 
Deena Nath Pathak 
Director 
02104727 
23/08/2024 
 
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the 
management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This 
certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
 
For Maharshi Ganatra and Associates 
(Company Secretaries) 
 
Sd/- 
Maharshi Ganatra (Proprietor) 
Membership No. F11332 
CP No: 14520 
PR No: 7211/2025 
UDIN: F011332H001361395 
Place: Mumbai                                                                       
Date: September 03, 2026 
 
 
78

[page 82]
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE H  
PRACTISING COMPANY SECRETARIES’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
To, 
The Members of 
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 
We have examined the compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance by QMS Medical Allied Services Limited 
(‘the Company’) bearing CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748 having its registered office at A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti 
Bldg Plot No16 Prabhat Colony Opp Near Santacruz Bus Depot Santcruz East, Mumbai City, Maharashtra, India, 400055 
for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026, as stipulated under Regulations 17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation 
(2) of Regulation 46 and para C, D & E of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).  
 
The compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management. Our examination was 
limited to the review of procedures and implementation thereof, as adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance with 
conditions of Corporate Governance.  It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the 
Company. 
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we hereby certify that the 
Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance to the extent applicable, as stipulated in the 
provisions specified in chapter IV of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Listing Agreement of the said Company with stock exchange. 
 
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency 
or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
 
This certificate is issued solely for the purpose of complying with the aforesaid Regulations and may not be suitable for 
any other purpose. 
 
For Maharshi Ganatra and Associates 
Practicing Company Secretaries 
 
Sd/- 
 
 
Maharshi Ganatra (Proprietor) 
Scrutinizer 
 
FCS No: - 11332 
C.P NO. 14520 
PEER REVIEW: 7211/2025 
UDIN: F011332H001361659 
 
Place: Mumbai                                                                       
Date: September 03, 2026 
 
 
79

[page 83]
 
 
 
 
 
Declaration regarding Compliance by Board Members and Senior Management Personnel with the 
Company’s Code of Conduct 
 
I, Mahesh Makhija, Managing Director of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited hereby declare that all the members 
of the Board of Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct, 
as applicable to them, for the year ended 31st March, 2026. 
 
 
Sd/- 
Mahesh Makhija 
Managing Director 
(DIN: 02700606) 
Add: A1 A2/B1 B2, Navkala Bharti Bldg  
Plot No16 Prabhat Colony 
Opp near Santacruz Bus depot 
Santacruz East Mumbai 400055 
 
Date: September 03, 2026 
Place: Mumbai 
 
 
 
80

[page 84]
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
To the Members of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited   
 
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements  
 
1. Opinion 
 
We have audited the Standalone financial statements of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited (“the Company”), which 
comprise the balance sheet as at 31 March, 2026, the statement of profit and loss, statement of cash flows for the year then 
ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory 
information. 
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid standalone 
financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as “the Act”) in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India 
of the state of affairs of the company as at 31st March 2026, and its profit and its cash flows for the year ended on that 
date. 
 
2. Basis for Opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. 
Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the 
standalone financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of 
Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to 
our audit of the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have 
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. 
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the 
financial statement. 
 
3. Key Audit Matters 
 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
standalone financial statements of the year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial 
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We 
have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report. 
 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Key Audit Matter 
 
How our audit addressed the Key audit matter: 
1 
Revenue Recognition 
The Company has recognised total income amounting 
Rs 15,265.20 Lakhs during the financial year. 
Revenue is a key performance indicator and therefore 
in internal and external stakeholders’ focus. This 
could lead to an increased audit risk relating to sales 
cut off and revenue not being recorded in the proper 
accounting period. 
 
Considering that this amount is substantial and errors 
in measurement can lead to material impact we have 
considered this as a key audit matter. 
 
 
 
   
 
Our audit procedures included, among others, inquiries 
with 
management 
regarding 
significant 
new 
transactions and relevant changes in existing policies. 
 
Walkthroughs were performed to gain an understanding 
of 
processes 
and 
internal 
controls, 
including 
management 
reviews, 
with 
respect 
to 
revenue 
recognition. 
 
On a sample basis, we reconciled revenue to the 
supporting documentation, such as sales orders 
and invoices. 
 
A specific emphasis was set on verifying that revenue 
transactions at the end of the financial year and at the 
beginning of the new financial year have been 
recognized in the proper accounting period by 
comparing revenues close to the balance sheet date. 
81

[page 85]
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
Carrying value of Non-current Investment 
The Company has non-current investments in unlisted 
subsidiary company amounting to Rs.5982.01 lakhs as 
on 31st March 2026 which is 27% of the total assets 
of the company. During the year, the company 
acquired additional equity shares in subsidiary for a 
consideration of Rs.1454.00 lakhs.  
 
We considered the valuation of such investments to be 
significant to the audit, because of materiality of the 
investments. 
 
Our audit procedures included comparing the carrying 
values of investment in subsidiary for which audited 
financial statements were available with their respective 
net asset value and earnings for the period. 
 
We also obtained management’s evaluation of 
impairment analysis for investments. 
 
We also assessed the related disclosures made in the 
standalone financial statements 
 
 
4. Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon 
 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 
information included in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the standalone financial statements, and our 
auditor’s report thereon. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.  
 
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, 
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial statements, or 
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have 
performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. 
We have nothing to report in this regard. 
 
5. Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements  
 
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Act with respect to the 
preparation of these Standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial 
performance, and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including the Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act.  
 
This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act 
for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection 
and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the 
financial statement that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.  
 
In preparing the financial statements, the management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so.  
 
Those Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process. 
 
6. Auditor’s Responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements  
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable 
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always 
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, 
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on 
the basis of these financial statements. 
 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also: 
 
82

[page 86]
 
 
 
 
 
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design 
and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than 
for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the 
override of internal control. 
 
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate 
in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal financial controls system over financial reporting in place and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls. 
 
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related 
disclosures made by management. 
 
• Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit 
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt 
on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such 
disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the 
date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a 
going concern. 
 
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and 
whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair 
presentation.   
 
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the financial statements that, individually or in aggregate, makes it 
probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the standalone financial statements may be 
influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in 
evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the financial statements. 
 
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of 
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during 
our audit.  
 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements 
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought 
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards. 
 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We 
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, 
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse 
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication. 
 
 
83

[page 87]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7. Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements  
 
1) 
As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (‘the Order’), issued by the Central Government of 
India, in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, we give the   Annexure ‘A’ a statement on the matters 
specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable. 
 
 
2) 
As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, we report that:  
 
a) 
We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and belief 
were necessary for the purposes of our audit; 
 
b) 
In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears 
from our examination of those books; 
 
c) 
The Company has no branch offices whose accounts are audited by branch auditors. 
 
d) 
The standalone Balance Sheet, the standalone Statement of Profit and Loss and the standalone Cash Flow 
Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account; 
 
e) 
In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards specified 
under Section 133 of the Act, and rules made thereunder, as applicable; 
 
f) 
On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Company taken on record by the 
Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31 March, 2026 from being appointed as a director 
in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act; 
 
g) 
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone financial 
statements of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in 
“Annexure B”; 
 
h) 
In our opinion and according to the information and explanation provided to us, the remuneration paid by the 
Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act read with 
schedule V of the Act; 
 
i) 
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us:  
 
i. 
The Company does not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial position. 
 
ii. 
The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were 
any material foreseeable losses. 
 
 
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company.  
 
iv. 
a) The management has represented that to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as those 
disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from 
borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other 
person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether 
recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest 
in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. Based 
on reasonable audit procedures adopted by us, nothing has come to our notice that such representation 
contains any material misstatement. 
 
84

[page 88]
 
 
 
 
 
b) The management has represented that to the best of its knowledge and belief, other than as those 
disclosed in the notes to the accounts, no funds have been received by the Company from any person(s) or 
entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), other than as disclosed in the notes to the 
accounts, with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. Based on reasonable audit procedures adopted 
by us, nothing has come to our notice that such representation contains any material misstatement. 
 
v. The final dividend proposed by the board of directors in the previous year was declared and paid by the 
company during the year in accordance with section 123 of the Act. The Board of directors of the company 
has proposed a final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing 
Annual general meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is in accordance with section 123 of the Act, 
as applicable.  
 
vi. Based on our examination, which included test checks, the company has used an accounting software for 
maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same 
has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the 
course of our audit we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered with. 
 
Additionally, where audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled and operated in the previous year, the audit 
trail has been preserved by the Company as per the statutory requirements for record retention. 
 
 
For H H Dedhia & Associates 
Chartered Accountants   
(FRN - 148213W) 
 
 
 
Harsh H. Dedhia 
Proprietor 
(M No: 141494) 
UDIN: 26141494VNQMAR9893  
 
 
Place: Mumbai,  
Date: 30th May 2026 
 
 
85

[page 89]
 
 
 
 
 
Annexure - A to the Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
Annexure referred to in paragraph 8(1) under “Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements” section of our report 
of even date  
 
i. 
a. 
(A) According to information and explanations given to us, the Company has maintained proper records showing 
full particulars, including quantitative details and situation of Property Plant and Equipment (“PPE”); 
 
(B) The company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of Intangible Assets. 
 
 
b.  The Company has a regular programme of physical verification of its PPE by which all PPE are verified on yearly 
basis. In our opinion, this periodicity of physical verification is reasonable having regard to the size of the 
Company and the nature of its assets. Pursuant to the program, some of the PPE were physically verified by the 
management during the year. In our opinion, and according to the information and explanations given to us, no 
material discrepancies were noticed on such verification. 
 
 
c.  According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the examination of the records provided 
to us, we report that, the title deeds, comprising all the immovable properties which are freehold and disclosed in 
the financial statements, are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date. In respect of immovable 
properties of building that have been taken on lease, lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the Company. 
 
 
d.  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not revalued any 
of its PPE or intangible assets during the year. Therefore, the provisions of clause 3(i)(d) of the Order are not 
applicable to the Company. 
 
 
e.  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, no proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the Company for holding 
any benami property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) and rules 
made thereunder, hence clause 3 (i)(e) of the Order is not applicable. 
 
 
ii. a. 
As explained to us, the inventory has been physically verified by the management at regular intervals during the 
year. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the coverage and procedure 
of such verification by the Management is appropriate having regard to the size of the Company and the nature 
of its operations. No discrepancies of 10% or more in the aggregate for each class of inventories were noticed on 
such physical verification of inventories when compared with books of account. 
 
 
b.  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has been sanctioned 
working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks on the basis of security of current 
assets. The difference between the quarterly returns or statements filed by the company with the banks and books 
of account of the Company are on account of explainable items and not material (Refer note no. 47 to the financial 
statements) 
 
iii.  a.  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not provided any 
guarantee or security or granted any advances, secured or unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited Liability 
Partnerships or any other entity during the year. The company has granted unsecured loans to vendors and 
employees as follows: 
 
 
Amount (Rs.in Lakhs) 
Aggregate amount granted during the year 
 
- Others* 
90.38 
Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of above 
cases 
 
- Others* 
542.02 
 
b.  In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the terms and conditions of the 
grant of loans and advances in the nature of loans are not prima facie prejudicial to the company’s interest. 
 
86

[page 90]
 
 
 
 
 
c. 
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, in respect of loans granted by the 
Company, the schedule of repayment of principal and payment of interest has been stipulated and the repayments 
or receipts of principal amounts and interest have been regular as per stipulations. 
 
d. There is no amount overdue in respect of loans granted during the year. 
 
e. 
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, neither loans have been renewed 
or extended nor any fresh loans have been granted to settle the overdue of existing loans. 
 
f. 
According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our audit procedures performed, the 
Company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans to Promoters/ Related Parties (as defined 
in section 2(76) of the Act) which are either repayable on demand or without specifying any terms or period of 
repayment during the year. 
 
 
iv.    
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has complied with 
the provisions of section 185 and 186 of the Act, with respect to the loans, investments, guarantees and securities. 
 
 
v.   
In our opinion, and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not accepted any 
deposits or there is no amount which has been considered as deemed deposit within the meaning of sections 73 
to 76 of the Act and the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014 (as amended). Accordingly, reporting 
under clause 3(v) of the Order is not applicable to the Company. 
 
 
vi.   
The Central Government has not specified maintenance of cost records under sub-section (1) of section 148 of 
the Act, in respect of Company’s products/business activity. Accordingly, reporting under clause   3(vi) of the 
Order is not applicable. 
 
vii. a.     According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, the Company is generally regular in depositing with the appropriate authorities undisputed statutory 
dues, including Goods and Services Tax, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, 
service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and any other material statutory dues applicable 
to it. 
 
               However, an undisputed demand in respect of Tax Deducted at Source (TDS) amounting to Rs.5,30,403 is 
outstanding as at the balance sheet date, as reflected on the Income-tax (TRACES) portal. The said amount has 
remained unpaid for a period of more than six months from the date it became payable. 
 
 
            
Nature of the Statute 
Nature of 
Dues 
Amount 
(Rs.) 
Period to which the amount 
relates 
Due Date 
Date of Payment 
Income-tax Act, 1961 
TDS 
2,27,951 
2025-26 
- 
Not paid 
Income-tax Act, 1961 
TDS 
2,27,924 
2024-25 
- 
Not paid 
Income-tax Act, 1961 
TDS 
 
   18,969 
2023-24 
- 
Not paid 
Income-tax Act, 1961 
TDS 
   55,560 
2022-23 
- 
Not paid 
 
 
        b.  There are no dues of Goods and Services Tax, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, sales-tax, 
service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and any other material statutory dues which 
have not been deposited with the appropriate authorities on account of any dispute. 
 
viii. 
According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of records of the 
Company, there were no transactions relating to previously unrecorded income that were surrendered or disclosed 
as income in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 during the year. Therefore, clause 3(viii) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company. 
 
 
87

[page 91]
 
 
 
 
 
ix. a.  According to the information and explanation given to us, the company has not defaulted in   repayment of loans 
or other borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon to any lenders 
 
 
b.  According to the information and explanation given to us, the company has not been declared wilful defaulter by 
any bank or financial institution or government or any other lenders 
 
 
c. 
In our opinion, and according to the information and explanations given to us, the term loans taken during the 
year by the Company have been applied for the purposes for which they were obtained. 
 
 
d. According to the information and explanations given to us, and the procedures performed by us, and on an overall 
examination of the financial statements of the Company, we report that no funds raised on short-term basis have 
been used for long-term purposes by the company. 
 
 
e. 
According to the information and explanations given to us, the company has not taken any funds from any entity 
or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures. 
 
 
f.  According to the information and explanations given to us and procedures performed by us, we report that the 
Company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries as defined under 
the Act.  
 
 
x. a. 
The Company has not raised any money by way of initial public offer or further public offer (including debt 
instruments) during the year. Accordingly, clause 3(x)a is not applicable to the Company. 
 
     b. As explained to us, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or fully, 
partially or optionally convertible debentures during the year. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the 
Order is not applicable to the Company. 
 
xi.  a. 
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of 
the records of the Company, no fraud by the Company or no fraud on the Company has been noticed or reported 
during the year.  
 
     b. In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, no report under section 143(12) of 
the Act has been filed by us in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014 with the Central Government during the year 
 
 
c. 
As represented to us by the management, there were no whistle-blower complaints received by the Company 
during the year and up to the date of this report. 
 
 
xii.   
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi 
Company and hence clause 3(xii) is not applicable to the Company 
 
 
xiii.  
According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, transactions with the related parties are in compliance with Section 177 and 188 of the Act, where 
applicable, and details of such transactions have been disclosed in the financial statements as required by the 
applicable accounting standards 
 
 
xiv. a. 
In our opinion and based on our examination, the Company has an internal audit system commensurate with the 
size and nature of its business. 
 
       b. 
We have considered, the internal audit reports for the year under audit, issued to the Company during the year 
and till date, in determining the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures 
 
xv.   
According to information and explanation given to us and the records of the Company examined by us, the 
company has not entered into non-cash transactions with any of its directors or directors of its subsidiary company 
or persons connected with such directors. Accordingly, reporting under clause 3(xv) of the order is not applicable. 
 
88

[page 92]
 
 
 
 
 
xvi.  
The Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934 (2 of 
1934), hence, reporting under clause 3(xvi)(a), (b), (c), and (d) of the order is not applicable. 
 
xvii.  
The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current financial year and in the immediately preceding financial 
year. 
 
xviii.  
There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year. Accordingly, the requirements of clause 
3(xviii) of the order are not applicable to the Company. 
 
xix.  
According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios,  ageing and 
expected dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information 
accompanying the financial statements, our knowledge of the plans of the Board of Directors and management 
and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, 
which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that Company is 
not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period 
of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability 
of the company. We further state that our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we 
neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the 
balance sheet date, will get discharged by the company as and when they fall due. 
 
xx.   
In respect of other than ongoing projects, there are no unspent amounts that are required to be transferred to a 
fund specified in Schedule VII of the Act, in compliance with second proviso to sub section 5 of section 135 of 
the Act. This matter has been disclosed in note 39 to the standalone financial statements  
 
 
For H H Dedhia & Associates 
Chartered Accountants   
(FRN - 148213W) 
 
Sd/- 
 
Harsh H. Dedhia 
Proprietor(M No: 141494) 
UDIN: 26141494VNQMAR9893  
 
Place: Mumbai,  
Date: 30th May 2026 
89

[page 93]
 
 
 
 
 
ANNEXURE “B” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT 
 
(Referred to in paragraph 8(2)(g) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of 
even date) 
 
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to the aforesaid financial statements under Clause (i) of Sub-
section 3 of Section 143 of the Act. 
Opinion 
1. We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited (“the 
Company”) as of 31 March, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended on that date. 
 
2. In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over financial 
reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at 31 March, 2026, 
based on the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “Guidance Note”).  
 
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls 
 
3. The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on the 
internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of 
internal control stated in the Guidance Note. These responsibilities include the design, implementation and 
maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and 
efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the 
prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.  
 
Auditors’ Responsibility 
 
4. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting based 
on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note and the Standards on Auditing prescribed 
under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls with reference to 
financial statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to financial statements were established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all 
material respects. 
 
5. Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial controls over financial 
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the risk 
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control 
based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of 
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.  
  
6. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting. 
 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting  
 
7. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial 
reporting include those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable 
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in 
accordance with authorisations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance 
90

[page 94]
 
 
 
 
 
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that 
could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
8. Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the possibility of 
collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and 
not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future 
periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial reporting may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 
For H H Dedhia & Associates 
Chartered Accountants   
(FRN - 148213W) 
Sd/- 
 
 
Harsh H. Dedhia 
Proprietor 
(M No: 141494) 
UDIN: 26141494VNQMAR9893  
 
 
Place: Mumbai,  
Date: 30th May 2026 
 
 
 
91

[page 95]
 (₹ in lakhs) 
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
(I)
1)
(a) Share Capital
1
                        1,933.74                        1,785.00 
(b) Reserves and Surplus
2
                        8,488.09                        7,019.19 
(c) Money received against share warrants
2)
(a) Long-term borrowings
3
                        2,340.70                        2,640.96 
(b) Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
4
                                  -                                 4.71 
(c) Other Long term liabilities
                                  -                                    -   
(d) Long-term provisions
5
                             65.05                             27.69 
3)
(a) Short Term borrowings
6
                        6,751.48                        5,084.57 
(b) Trade payables
7
Trade Payables-Micro and Small Enterprises
                           208.64                           132.76 
Trade Payables- Other than Micro and Small Enterprises
                        1,591.75                        1,524.64 
(c) Other Current liabilities
8
                           609.85                           478.03 
(d) Short Term Provisions
9
                             14.16                           205.48 
                      22,003.49                      18,903.03 
(II)
1)
(a) Plant,Property and Equipment & Intangible Assets
10
(i) Plant,Property and Equipment
                        2,178.22                        2,177.68 
(ii) Intangible assets
                           287.40                             55.34 
(iii) Capital work-in-progress
                                  -                                    -   
(iv) Intangible assets under development
                           263.51                           292.79 
(b) Non Current Investments
11
                        5,982.01                        4,528.01 
(c) Deferred tax assets (net)
12
                               4.50                                  -   
(d) Long Term Loans and Advances
13
                           132.56                           295.00 
(e) Other Non Current Assets
14
                             88.88                           101.72 
2)
(a) Current investments
15
                           326.93                           305.00 
(b) Inventories
16
                        4,591.64                        3,927.71 
(c) Trade receivables
17
                        5,917.27                        5,381.62 
(d) Cash and cash equivalents
18
                             10.96                             38.69 
(e) Short-term loans and advances
19
                           409.46                           344.49 
(f) Other Current Assets
20
                        1,810.16                        1,455.00 
                      22,003.49                      18,903.03 
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
DEENA NATH PATHA
(DIRECTOR)
DIN: 02104727
Sd/-
SEJAL MHATRE
DATE : 30.05.2026
(CFO)
MAHESH MAKHIJA
(MANAGING DIRECTOR)
DIN: 02700606
Sd/-
TORAL BHADRA
(COMPANY SECRETARY)
MEM NO: A56927
PLACE : MUMBAI
HARSH H. DEDHIA
(PROPRIETOR)
Membership No. 141494
FRN : 148213W
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
The Accompanying Notes are Integral Part of Financial Statements
FOR M/S. H.H. DEDHIA AND ASSOCIATES
Current Assets
Non Current Assets
ASSETS
Non - Current Liabilities
Current Liabilities
PARTICULARS
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
BALANCE SHEET AS ON 31ST MARCH 2026
NOTE 
NO.
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Shareholders' Funds
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
92

[page 96]
 (₹ in lakhs) 
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
1) Revenue from operations
21
                        15,229.73                      14,486.74 
2) Other Income
22
                               35.47                             45.58 
Total Income
                        15,265.20                      14,532.32 
3) Expenses
(a) Cost of materials consumed
                                     -                                     -   
(b) Purchases of Stock-in-Trade
23
                          9,553.42                        8,106.18 
(c) Changes in Inventory
24
                           (756.39)                            38.63 
(d) Employee Benefit Expenses
25
                          1,327.81                           794.35 
(e) Finance Expenses
26
                             789.03                           595.53 
(f) Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses
27
                             350.97                           339.83 
(g) Other Expenses
28
                          3,055.14                        3,215.62 
Total
                        14,319.98                      13,090.15 
4) Profit/(loss) before exceptional and extraordinary item and tax
                             945.22                        1,442.17 
5) Exceptional items
6) Profit/(loss) before extraordinary item and tax
                             945.22                        1,442.17 
7) Extraordinary items
8) Profit/ (loss) before tax
                             945.22                        1,442.17 
9) Tax expense/ (benefit):
29
(a) Current tax expense
                             277.00                           426.00 
(b) Deferred tax
                               (9.21)                           (27.01)
(c) Short / (Excess) Provision for earlier year
                                 8.35                                1.12 
10) Profit After Tax
                             669.08                        1,042.06 
11) Earnings Per Equity Share
30
(a) Basic
                                 3.56                                5.73 
(b) Diluted
                                 3.56                                5.73 
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
FOR M/S. H.H. DEDHIA AND ASSOCIATES
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN : 148213W
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
HARSH H. DEDHIA
MAHESH MAKHIJA
DEENA NATH PATHA
(PROPRIETOR)
(MANAGING DIRECTOR)
(DIRECTOR)
Membership No. 141494
DIN: 02700606
DIN: 02104727
Sd/-
Sd/-
PLACE : MUMBAI
TORAL BHADRA
SEJAL MHATRE
DATE : 30.05.2026
(COMPANY SECRETARY)
(CFO)
MEM NO: A56927
The Accompanying Notes are Integral Part of Financial Statements
PARTICULARS
NOTE 
NO.
STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
93

[page 97]
 (₹ in lakhs) 
₹
₹
₹
₹
I)
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITTIES
Net profit after Tax
669.08
                                  
1,042.06
                                    
Add: Provision for Tax
Current Tax
277.00
                                  
426.00
                                       
Excess/(Short) Provision for Tax
8.35
                                      
1.12
                                           
Deferred Tax
(9.21)
                                     
945.22
                               
(27.01)
                                       
1,442.17
                                  
Net profit before Tax
Adjustment for Non-Cash and Non-operating Items
Add: Depreciation 
350.97
                                  
339.83
                                       
Interest Expense
726.47
                                  
1,077.44
                            
583.36
                                       
923.19
                                     
Less: Interest on Loan and Fixed Deposit
(27.97)
                                   
(38.73)
                                       
Profit on Sale of Fixed Assets
-
                                        
(27.97)
                               
(1.64)
                                         
(40.37)
                                     
Operating profits before working capital changes
1,994.70
                            
2,324.99
                                  
Changes in Working Capital
Trade Payables
143.00
                                  
(321.50)
                                     
Other Current liabilities
131.82
                                  
266.47
                                       
Short/Long Term Provisions
(153.95)
                                 
110.45
                                       
Inventories
(663.94)
                                 
(169.40)
                                     
Short Term Borrowings
1,666.31
                               
1,429.37
                                    
Trade Receivables
(535.65)
                                 
(1,242.41)
                                  
Short Term Loans & Advances
(64.97)
                                   
48.90
                                         
Balance in unpaid dividend account
0.07
                                      
(0.70)
                                         
Other Current Assets
(355.16)
                                 
167.54
                               
590.32
                                       
711.50
                                     
Cash generated from operations
2,162.24
                            
3,036.49
                                  
Less: Tax Expense
(285.35)
                             
(427.12)
                                   
NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATNG ACTIVITIES
1,876.89
                            
2,609.38
                                  
II)
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITTIES
Add:
Deposits received back
29.61
                                    
(35.27)
                                       
Loans advanced received back
162.44
                                  
30.00
                                         
Redemption of Fixed Deposits
310.00
                                  
210.56
                                       
Interest Income on Loan and Fixed Depsoit
27.97
                                    
38.73
                                         
Sale of Fixed Assets
-
                                        
530.02
                               
7.45
                                           
251.46
                                     
Less:
Investment in Fixed Deposits
(331.93)
                                 
(305.00)
                                     
Deposits advanced
(16.78)
                                   
Advance paid for Investment in Shares of Subsidiary
                              (1,454.00)
                                   (4,528.01)
Payment made to creditors towards purchase of assets
(554.29)
                                 
(2,357.00)
                          
(308.16)
                                     
(5,141.16)
                                
NET CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
(1,826.98)
                          
(4,889.70)
                                
III)
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITTIES
Add: 
Proceeds from issue of Right Shares (net of expenses)
1,037.81
                               
-
                                            
Loan received during the year
-
                                        
4,561.89
                                    
1,037.81
                            
-
                                            
4,561.89
                                  
Less:
Repayment of Loan
(299.65)
                                 
(1,601.51)
                                  
Dividend Paid for current year
(89.25)
                                   
(89.25)
                                       
Interest on Loan
(726.47)
                                 
(583.36)
                                     
(1,115.38)
                          
(2,274.12)
                                
NET CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITTIES
(77.57)
                               
2,287.77
                                  
IV)
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH
(27.66)
                               
7.44
                                         
Add: Cash & Cash Equivalent at the beginning of the year
Cash on Hand
22.34
                                    
20.58
                                         
Bank Balance
4.02
                                      
4.95
                                           
Term Deposits
11.61
                                    
37.97
                                 
5.00
                                           
30.53
                                       
Less: Cash & Cash Equivalent at the end of the year
Cash on Hand
5.93
                                      
22.34
                                         
Bank Balance
4.38
                                      
4.02
                                           
Term Deposits
-
                                        
10.31
                                 
11.61
                                         
37.97
                                       
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
FOR M/S. H.H. DEDHIA AND ASSOCIATES
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN : 148213W
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
HARSH H. DEDHIA
MAHESH MAKHIJA
DEENA NATH PATHAK
(PROPRIETOR)
(MANAGING DIRECTOR)
(DIRECTOR)
Membership No. 141494
DIN: 02700606
DIN: 02104727
PLACE : MUMBAI
Sd/-
Sd/-
DATE : 30.05.2026
TORAL BHADRA
SEJAL MHATRE
(COMPANY SECRETARY)
(CFO)
MEM NO: A56927
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
PARTICULARS
31.03.2025
31.03.2026
94

[page 98]
AUTHORISED, ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID UP SHARE CAPITAL
 (₹ in lakhs) 
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
1)
Authorised Share Capital
2,30,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs 10 /- each 
                         2,300.00                        2,300.00 
                         2,300.00                        2,300.00 
2)
Issued,Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital
(1,93,37,443/- Equity Shares of Rs 10 /- each fully paid, 
Previous year- 1,78,50,000 Equity Shares of Rs 10 /- each fully paid)
                         1,933.74                        1,785.00 
                         1,933.74                        1,785.00 
(No. in lakhs)
₹
(No. in lakhs)
₹
(A)
Equity Shares
1)
Shares Outstanding at the beginning of the year
                            178.50                        1,785.00 
                        178.50                   1,785.00 
2)
Right Shares Issued during the year
                              14.87                           148.74 
                                -                               -   
3)
Bonus Shares Issued during the year
                                    -                                     -   
                                -                               -   
4)
Shares Bought Back during the year
                                    -                                     -   
                                -                               -   
5)
Shares Outstanding at the end of the year
                            193.37                        1,933.74 
                        178.50                   1,785.00 
1)
2)
3)
(No. in lakhs)
% of Holding
(No. in lakhs)
% of Holding
1)
Mahesh Makhija
                            128.49 
66.45%
                        128.49 
71.98%
                            128.49 
66.45%
                        128.49 
71.98%
2025-26 
2024-25
2023-24
2022-23
2021-22
1)
Fully Paid up Equity Shares by way of Bonus 
                                    -                                     -                                   -                        112.88                       -   
(No. in lakhs)
% of Holding
1)
Mahesh Makhija
                            128.49 
66.45%
-5.54%
2)
Guddi Makhija
                                1.60 
0.83%
-0.02%
3)
Diti Makhija
                                1.63 
0.84%
0.00%
                            131.72 
68.11%
-5.55%
(No. in lakhs)
% of Holding
1)
Mahesh Makhija
                            128.49 
71.98%
0.00%
2)
Guddi Makhija
                                1.51 
0.84%
0.00%
3)
Diti Makhija
                                1.51 
0.84%
0.00%
                            131.50 
73.67%
0.00%
NOTE 1B
During the year, the Company issued and allotted 14,87,443 equity shares of face value ₹10 each pursuant to a rights issue in the ratio of 1 equity shares for 
every 12 equity shares held by eligible shareholders as on the record date, i.e. 04 Sep 2025.
The issue price was ₹81 per equity share, comprising face value of ₹10 and securities premium of ₹71 per equity share. The equity shares so allotted rank pari 
passu in all respects with the existing equity shares of the Company.
NOTE 1F
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
PARTICULARS
NOTE 1D
TERMS / RIGHTS ATTACHED WITH EQUITY SHARES
The Company has one Class of equity shares having a par value of Rs.10 each.
Aggregate number of bonus shares issued, shares issued for consideration other then cash during the period of five years immediately preceding the reporting date
PARTICULARS
(Aggregate No. of Shares in lakhs) for the year ended
NOTE 1C
31.03.2025
30.09.2025
NOTE 1
PARTICULARS
DETAILS OF SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING MORE THEN 5% SHARES IN THE COMPANY
Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held.
In the event of Liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the company after distribuction of all preferential amounts, in proportion 
to their shareholding.
31.03.2025
31.03.2026
NOTE 1A
RECONCILIATION OF NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING AT THE BEGINNING AND AT THE END OF THE YEAR
PARTICULARS
PARTICULARS
31.03.2025
% Change
% Change
NOTE 1E
DETAILS OF SHARES HELD BY PROMOTERS IN THE COMPANY
PARTICULARS
31.03.2026
95

[page 99]
NOTE 2
RESERVES AND SURPLUS
 (₹ in lakhs) 
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Profit and Loss 
 Opening balance 
                                 4,000.04 
                                3,047.23 
 (-) Bonus Issued during the year 
                                            -                                              -   
 (-) Dividend paid during the year - (Refer Note 41) 
                                     (89.25)                                   (89.25)
 (+) Profit/ (Loss) for the year 
                                    669.08                                 1,042.06 
 Closing balance 
                                 4,579.88                                 4,000.04 
 2)  Securities Premium 
 Opening balance 
                                 3,019.15                                 3,019.15 
 (+) Additions on account of Rights shares issued 
                                 1,056.08                                            -   
 (-) Utilization for Rights Issue Expenses 
                                  (167.02)                                           -   
 Closing balance 
                                 3,908.22                                 3,019.15 
 TOTAL                                  8,488.09                                 7,019.19 
NOTE 3
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
1)
Secured Borrowings
Term Loan - CITI
80.00
                                      
                                   120.00 
 (Secured against charge on present and future stocks and book debts, mortage 
on commercial premises of company, personal guarantee of Directors). 
 Term Loan - CIFIL 
600.00
                                   
                                   800.00 
 (Secured against charge on present and future stocks and book debts, mortage 
on commercial premises of company, personal guarantee of Directors). 
2)
 Vehicle Loan 
16.61
                                      
                                     23.98 
 (Secured against vehicle) 
3)
 Inter Corporate Deposits (Loan from Subsidiary) 
1,644.09
                                
                                1,696.98 
 TOTAL                                  2,340.70                                 2,640.96 
NOTE 3.1
Maturity Profile
Maturity of Secured Long term loan are as set below :
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
     1 Within 1 year
546.83
                                   
546.22
                                  
     2 1-2 years
495.17
                                   
246.83
                                  
     3 2-3 years
201.45
                                   
247.49
                                  
     4 Beyond 3 year
-
                                         
449.66
                                  
(Refer to Note 3 and Note 6)
 Total 
                                 1,243.44                                 1,490.21 
 QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Maturity Period 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 LONG TERM BORROWINGS 
96

[page 100]
NOTE 4
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Deferred Tax Liability 
-
                                         
                                       4.71 
 (Due to difference in Books of Accounts and Income Tax) 
 TOTAL 
                                            -                                          4.71 
NOTE 5
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Provision for Gratuity 
65.05
                                      
                                     27.69 
 TOTAL                                       65.05                                      27.69 
NOTE 6
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
Secured Borrowings
1)
Cash Credit
4,236.06
                                
                                4,538.34 
 (Secured against charge on present and future stocks and book debts, mortage 
on commercial premises of company, personal guarantee of Directors). 
2)
 Bill Discounting 
1,968.60
                                
3)
 Current Maturities of Long Term Debt 
546.83
                                   
                                   546.22 
(Refer to Note 3.1 for detailed Maturity Profile)
 TOTAL                                  6,751.48                                 5,084.57 
 LONG TERM PROVISIONS 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 SHORT TERM BORROWINGS 
 PARTICULARS 
 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY (NET) 
97

[page 101]
NOTE 7
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 Trade Payables-Micro and Small Enterprises 
1)
Trade payables for Goods and Expenses
                                    208.64 
132.76
                                  
                                    208.64                                    132.76 
 Trade Payables-Other than Micro and Small Enterprises 
2)
Trade payables for Goods and Expenses
                                 1,591.75 
1,524.64
                               
1,591.75
                                
1,524.64
                               
 TOTAL                                  1,800.39                                 1,657.40 
 (Refer Note 36 for MSME disclosures and Note 37 for ageing) 
NOTE 8
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Expenses Payable 
408.98
                                   
201.04
                                  
 2)  Statutory Dues Payable 
                                    113.27                                    140.31 
 3)  Advances received from customers 
80.90
                                      
132.74
                                  
 4)  Dividend Payable 
0.37
                                        
                                       0.24 
 5)  Interest Payable to MSME parties for delay payment 
6.33
                                        
                                       3.69 
 TOTAL                                     609.85                                    478.03 
NOTE 9
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Provision for Tax (Net of advance tax) 
-
                                         
                                   198.97 
 2)  Provision for Audit Fees 
0.45
                                        
                                       1.13 
 3)  Provision for Gratuity 
13.71
                                      
                                       5.38 
 TOTAL                                       14.16                                    205.48 
NOTE 11
LONG TERM INVESTMENTS
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Investment in Shares of Subsidiary 
5,982.01
                                
                                4,528.01 
 TOTAL                                  5,982.01                                 4,528.01 
NOTE 12
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Deferred Tax Asset 
4.50
                                        
                                           -   
 (Due to difference in Books of Accounts and Income Tax) 
 TOTAL                                         4.50 
                                           -  
NOTE 13
LONG TERM LOAN AND ADVANCES
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Inter Corporate Deposits 
132.56
                                   
                                   295.00 
 TOTAL                                     132.56                                    295.00 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 TRADE PAYABLES 
 SHORT TERM PROVISIONS 
 DEFERRED TAX ASSET (NET) 
 PARTICULARS 
 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 PARTICULARS 
98

[page 102]
NOTE 14
OTHER NON CURRENT ASSETS
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Rent Deposit 
45.55
                                      
                                     59.06 
 2)  Other Deposit 
37.26
                                      
                                     36.97 
 3)  Prepaid Expenses 
6.08
                                        
                                       5.69 
 TOTAL                                       88.88                                    101.72 
NOTE 15
CURRENT INVESTMENTS
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Fixed Deposits 
326.93
                                   
                                   305.00 
 TOTAL                                     326.93                                    305.00 
NOTE 16
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Traded Goods 
4,591.64
                                
                                3,927.71 
 (Valued at cost or NRV whichever is lower) 
 TOTAL                                  4,591.64                                 3,927.71 
NOTE 17
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 Unsecured,considered good 
 1)  Trade receivables 
                                 3,950.47 
4,126.69
                               
 2) 
Unbilled revenue
1,966.80
                                
                                1,254.93 
 TOTAL                                  5,917.27                                 5,381.62 
 (Refer Note 38 for ageing) 
 INVENTORIES 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 TRADE RECEIVABLES 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
99

[page 103]
NOTE 18
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 Cash and Cash Equivalent 
 1)  Cash on Hand 
5.93
                                        
                                     22.34 
 2)  Balances With Bank 
4.38
                                        
                                       4.02 
 Other Bank Balance 
 1)  Fixed Deposits 
-
                                         
                                     11.61 
 2)  Balance in unpaid dividend account 
0.65
                                        
                                       0.72 
 TOTAL                                       10.96                                      38.69 
NOTE 19
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Loans advanced to Staff 
123.86
                                   
                                   119.49 
 2)  Advance for purchase of premises 
285.60
                                   
                                   225.00 
 TOTAL                                     409.46                                    344.49 
NOTE 20
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
1)
Advance to Suppliers
                                 1,617.70 
1,294.94
                               
2)
Prepaid Expenses
63.17
                                      
                                     75.33 
3)
TDS receivable from Party/Department
4.09
                                        
                                       8.62 
4)
Interest Receivable 
75.32
                                      
                                     59.19 
5)
GST Receivable
6.04
                                        
                                     15.52 
6)
Excess CSR Contribution
0.02
                                        
                                       1.40 
7)
Advance tax net of provisions
43.82
                                      
                                           -   
 TOTAL                                  1,810.16                                 1,455.00 
 SHORT TERM LOANS AND ADVANCES 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT 
100

[page 104]
NOTE 21
REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
 (₹ in lakhs) 
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Sale of products 
                                11,512.80                        11,046.60 
 2)  Sale of services 
                                  3,716.93                          3,440.14 
 TOTAL                                 15,229.73                        14,486.74 
NOTE 22
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Interest received 
                                       27.97                               38.73 
 2)  Forex Exchange Gain 
                                             -                                   5.22 
 3)  Profit on Sale of Truck 
                                             -                                   1.64 
 4)  Rent Income 
                                         7.50                                     -   
 TOTAL                                        35.47                               45.58 
NOTE 23
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Purchases of products 
                                  9,553.42                          8,106.18 
 TOTAL                                   9,553.42                          8,106.18 
NOTE 24
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Opening stock 
                                  3,719.67                          3,758.31 
 2)  Less: Closing stock 
                                  4,476.07                          3,719.67 
 TOTAL                                    (756.39)                              38.63 
NOTE 25
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Director's Remuneration and Sitting Fees 
                                     232.30                             193.88 
 2)  Salary to Employees 
                                     831.56                             431.36 
 3)  Incentive to Employees 
                                     141.50                               90.86 
 4)  Staff Welfare & Festival celebration Expenses 
                                       21.18                               27.46 
 5)  Contribution to Various Funds 
                                       55.57                               33.12 
 6)  Current Service Cost for Gratuity 
                                       45.70                               17.67 
 TOTAL                                   1,327.81                             794.35 
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
 PARTICULARS 
 OTHER INCOME 
 PARTICULARS 
 QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 PARTICULARS 
 PURCHASES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE 
 CHANGE IN INVENTORIES OF STOCK IN TRADE 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
101

[page 105]
NOTE 26
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 Interest Expense 
 1)  Interest to Bank facilities 
                                     463.85                             337.84 
 2)  Interest on Loan from bank 
                                     123.09                               95.25 
 3)  Interest on Income Tax 
                                             -                                 14.05 
 4)  Interest on late payment to MSME parties 
                                         2.92                                 4.10 
 5)  Interest on Unsecured Loan 
                                     136.61                             132.12 
 Other Borrowing Cost 
 1)  Bank Charges 
                                       62.55                               12.17 
 TOTAL                                      789.03                             595.53 
NOTE 27
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Depreciation on Tangible Assets  
                                     291.21                             303.31 
 2)  Amortisation on Intangible Assets 
                                       59.76                               36.52 
 TOTAL                                      350.97                             339.83 
NOTE 28
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 Direct Expenses towards provision of services/sale of goods 
 1)  Payment to vendors/service providers 
                                  1,481.47                          1,440.27 
                                  1,481.47                          1,440.27 
 Other Expenses 
 1)  Advertisement Expense 
                                         1.45                                 2.22 
 2)  Payment to Auditors 
                                         2.56                                 2.87 
 3)  Business Promotion Expense 
                                       34.59                               45.14 
 4)  Brokerage and Commission Expenses 
                                     244.65                             236.71 
 5)  Cash Discount on Sale 
                                       16.83                               22.79 
 6)  Computer and Software Maintainence Charges 
                                       28.03                               38.23 
 7)  Conveyance Expenses 
                                         9.49                                 4.01 
 8)  CSR Expenses 
                                       23.58                               23.60 
 9)  Donation 
                                       24.98                               67.34 
 10)  Forwarding Expenses 
                                       31.18                               16.57 
 11)  Forex Loss 
                                         2.50                                     -   
 12)  Insurance Expenses 
                                       38.18                               28.85 
 13)  Other Expenses 
                                       42.21                               37.80 
 14)  Packing Materials consumed 
                                     502.57                             588.24 
 15) Postage & Courier Expenses
                                       51.29                               77.43 
 16) Printing & Stationery Expenses
                                       14.78                                 9.19 
 17)  Legal & Professional Fees 
                                     295.47                             282.87 
 18)  Rent Expense 
                                       86.74                               46.74 
 19)  Repairs and Maintainence 
                                       15.83                               23.28 
 20)  Sales Promotion Expenses 
                                       80.02                             169.64 
 21)  Telephone Expenses 
                                       16.76                               12.16 
 22)  Travelling Expenses 
                                         9.99                               39.67 
                                  1,573.68                          1,775.35 
 TOTAL                                   3,055.14                          3,215.62 
 PARTICULARS 
 OTHER EXPENSES 
 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE 
 PARTICULARS 
 FINANCE EXPENSES 
 PARTICULARS 
102

[page 106]
 30.09.2025 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Statutory Audit Fees 
                                         2.00                                 2.25 
 2)  Tax Audit Fees 
                                             -   
 3)  Income Tax and Other Matters 
                                         0.56                                 0.62 
 TOTAL                                          2.56                                 2.87 
 (*above amounts are excluding indirect tax) 
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Provision for Current Tax 
                                     277.00                             426.00 
 2)  Provision for Deferred Tax 
                                       (9.21)                            (27.01)
 3)  Short/(Excess) Provision of earlier year 
                                         8.35                                 1.12 
 TOTAL                                      276.14                             400.10 
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 1)  Net Profit after Tax (Rs.) 
                                     669.08                          1,042.06 
 2)  Adjusted weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
(No.in lakhs) 
                                     187.79                             181.72 
 3)  Basic and Diluted Earning Per Share (Rs.) 
                                         3.56                                 5.73 
 4)  Nominal Value Per Share (Rs.) 
                                       10.00                               10.00 
 DETAILS OF PAYMENT MADE TO AUDITORS 
 TAX EXPENSES 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 NOTE 29 
 NOTE 30 
 EARNING PER EQUITY SHARES (EPS) 
 PARTICULARS 
 NOTE 28A 
103

[page 107]
 Note 10 
 (₹ in lakhs) 
 TANGIBLE ASSETS * 
 Office Premises 
                            1,465.09                                           -                                     -                            1,465.09                                    214.02                           60.93                                     -                                    274.96                   1,190.14                               1,251.07 
 Temporary alteration to Office Premises 
                                 55.79                                     50.84                                   -                               106.63                                      43.16                             7.96                                     -                                      51.12                        55.50                                    12.63 
 Plant & Equipment 
                            1,147.31                                   123.80                                   -                            1,271.10                                    383.62                         146.99                                     -                                    530.61                      740.49                                  763.68 
 Vehicles 
                                 63.04                                           -                                     -                                 63.04                                      23.15                           12.46                                     -                                      35.61                        27.43                                    39.89 
 Furniture & Fixtures 
                               124.33                                     28.01                                   -                               152.34                                      62.49                           18.24                                     -                                      80.73                        71.61                                    61.84 
 Electrification 
                                 10.67                                       5.29                                   -                                 15.96                                        8.44                             1.09                                     -                                        9.53                          6.43                                      2.23 
 Computers and Servers 
                               115.65                                     46.88                                   -                               162.53                                      88.78                           28.98                                     -                                    117.76                        44.77                                    26.87 
 Office Equipment 
                                 86.97                                     36.94                                   -                               123.91                                      67.51                           14.55                                     -                                      82.06                        41.86                                    19.46 
 TOTAL (A) 
                            3,068.85                                   291.75                                   -                            3,360.61                                    891.17                         291.21                                     -                                 1,182.38                   2,178.22                               2,177.68 
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS * 
 Software 
                               137.80                                   291.82 
                            429.62                                      82.46                           59.76                                     -                                    142.22                      287.40                                    55.34 
 Intangible Asset under Development
(Refer Note 10.1 for ageing) 
                               292.79 
                            29.28                             263.51                                           -                                   -                                       -                                           -                        263.51                                  292.79 
 TOTAL (B) 
                               430.59                                   291.82                             29.28                             693.13                                      82.46                           59.76                                     -                                    142.22                      550.91                                  348.13 
 TOTAL (A+B) 
                            3,499.44                                   583.57                             29.28                          4,053.74                                    973.64                         350.97                                     -                                 1,324.61                   2,729.13                               2,525.81 
* There is no revaluation of assets done during the year.
Note 10.1 - Intangible Assets under development ageing schedule/completion schedule
Less than 1 year
1-2 Years
2-3 Years
More than 3 Years
Projects in progress
-
                                    
87.08
                                    
90.36
                            
115.35
                            
Projects temporarily Suspended
-
                                    
-
                                       
-
                                
-
                                  
 Note 10 
 TANGIBLE ASSETS * 
 Office Premises 
                            1,465.09                                           -                                     -                                 1,465                                    149.97                           64.05                                     -                                         214                        1,251                               1,315.12 
 Temporary alteration to Office Premises 
                                 55.79                                           -                                     -                                      56                                      38.60                             4.56                                     -                                           43                             13                                    17.19 
 Plant & Equipment 
                            1,100.31                                     47.00                                   -                                 1,147                                    221.48                         162.14                                     -                                         384                           764                                  878.82 
 Vehicles 
                                 30.17                                     49.99                             17.12                                    63                                      17.36                           17.09                               11.30                                         23                             40                                    12.81 
 Furniture & Fixtures 
                                 98.04                                     26.29                                   -                                    124                                      43.83                           18.66                                     -                                           62                             62                                    54.21 
 Electrification 
                                 10.67                                           -                                     -                                      11                                        7.66                             0.78                                     -                                             8                               2                                      3.01 
 Computer 
                                 93.92                                     21.73                                   -                                    116                                      63.20                           25.57                                     -                                           89                             27                                    30.72 
 Office Equipment 
                                 73.47                                     13.50                                   -                                      87                                      57.05                           10.46                                     -                                           68                             19                                    16.42 
 TOTAL (A) 
                            2,927.46                                   158.51                             17.12                          3,068.85                                    599.17                         303.31                               11.30                                  891.17                   2,177.68                               2,328.29 
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS * 
 Software 
                                 75.23                                     62.57                                   -                               137.80                                      45.94                           36.52                                     -                                      82.46                        55.34                                    29.28 
 Intangible Asset under Development
(Refer Note 10.1 for ageing) 
                               205.71                                     87.08                                   -                               292.79                                           -                                   -                                       -                                           -                        292.79                                  205.71 
 TOTAL (B) 
                               280.94                                   149.65                                   -                               430.59                                      45.94                           36.52                                     -                                      82.46                      348.13                                  234.99 
 TOTAL (A+B) 
                                 3,208                                        308                                  17                               3,499                                         645                              340                                    11                                       974                        2,526                                    2,563 
* There is no revaluation of assets done during the year.
Note 10.1 - Intangible Assets under development ageing schedule/completion schedule
Less than 1 year
1-2 Years
2-3 Years
More than 3 Years
Projects in progress
87.08
                                
90.36
                                    
115.35
                          
-
                                  
Projects temporarily Suspended
-
                                    
-
                                       
-
                                
-
                                  
 FIXED ASSETS SCHEDULE AS ON 31.03.2026 
 WDV AS ON
31-03-2024 
 DEDUCTIONS 
 DESCRIPTION 
 GROSS BLOCK 
 ADDITIONS 
 ORIGINAL COST 
AS ON 
31-03-2025 
 ORIGINAL COST 
AS ON 
01-04-24 
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
 DEPRECIATION FUND 
AS ON
01-04-2024 
 NET BLOCK 
 QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of
 DEPRECIATION 
FUND AS ON 
31-03-2025 
 WDV AS ON 
31-03-2025 
 DEPRECIATION BLOCK 
 CHARGED 
DURING THE 
PERIOD 
 DEDUCTIONS 
 NET BLOCK 
 ORIGINAL COST 
AS ON 
01-04-25 
 ADDITIONS 
 DEDUCTIONS 
 ORIGINAL COST 
AS ON 
31-03-2026 
 DEPRECIATION FUND 
AS ON
01-04-2025 
 CHARGED 
DURING THE 
PERIOD 
 FIXED ASSETS SCHEDULE AS ON 31.03.2025 
 DEDUCTIONS 
 DEPRECIATION 
FUND AS ON 
31-12-2026 
 WDV AS ON 
31-03-2026 
 WDV AS ON
31-03-2025 
Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of
 DESCRIPTION 
 GROSS BLOCK 
 DEPRECIATION BLOCK 
104

[page 108]
NOTE 31
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
i)
Key Managerial Personnel & Relatives
Mahesh Makhija - Managing Director
Dr.Deena Nath Pathak - Director
Toral Bhadra - Company Secretary
Sejal Mhatre - CFO
Guddi Makhija - Wife of Director
Diti Makhija - Daughter of Director
Associate Company / Subsidiary Company
Saarathi Healthcare Pvt Ltd
Vivra Wellness Pvt Ltd
ii)
Related Party Transaction
(₹ in lakhs)
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 (i)  With Key Managerial Personnel & Relatives 
       1  Directors Remuneration  
 Mahesh Makhija 
                                 200.00                                       168.00 
 Guddi Makhija 
                                         -                                             5.00 
 Dr. Deena Nath Pathak  
                                   26.20                                         15.28 
       2  Salary & Bonus 
 Guddi Makhija 
                                   29.00                                         14.00 
 Diti Makhija 
                                   19.10                                         13.65 
 Toral Bhadra 
                                     7.20                                           6.00 
 Sejal Mhatre 
                                   14.68                                         13.58 
       3  Expenses incurred on behalf of the company 
 Mahesh Makhija 
                                         -                                             8.73 
 Diti makhija 
                                     0.89                                           4.08 
       4  Consultancy & Professional Charges  
 Dr. Deena Nath Pathak  
                                         -                                             1.85 
       5  Rent Expense 
 Mahesh Makhija 
                                     2.40                                               -   
       6  Loan Accepted  
 Mahesh Makhija Loan 
                                 117.89                                    1,246.98 
 Guddi Makhija Loan 
                                         -                                         100.00 
       7  Loan Repaid 
 Mahesh Makhija Loan 
                                 117.89                                    1,246.98 
 Guddi Makhija Loan 
                                         -                                         100.00 
 (ii)  With Associate Company / Subsidiary Company 
       1  Sales 
 Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
                                 225.79                                       200.00 
 Vivra Wellness Pvt Ltd 
                                   22.52                                           1.36 
       2  Purchase 
 Vivra Wellness Pvt Ltd 
                                     2.02                                               -   
       3  Interest Expense 
 Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
                                 136.61                                       132.12 
 QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
PARTICULARS
105

[page 109]
       4  Professional fees 
 Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
                                   12.85                                           9.64 
       5  Postage & Courier 
 Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
                                     9.93                                           4.92 
       6  Rent Income 
 Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
                                     7.50 
                                              -   
       7  Loan Accepted  
 Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
                                         -                                      2,115.01 
       8  Loan Repaid 
 Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited 
                                   52.88                                         64.02 
iii)
Balances at the end of year 
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 (i) 
Advance for expenses
       1  Mahesh Makhija 
                                         -                                             2.47 
       2  Diti Makhija 
                                         -                                             0.52 
                                         -                                                 -   
 (ii)  Rent Payable 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Mahesh Makhija 
                                     0.94                                               -   
                                         -                                                 -   
 (iii)  Rent Deposit  
                                         -                                                 -   
 Mahesh Makhija 
                                     0.39                                               -   
                                         -                                                 -   
 (iv)  Amount payable to Relatives/Group companies/Sister concern 
                                         -                                                 -   
       1  Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited - Payable towards expenses 
                                     6.98                                         11.49 
       2  Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited - Advance for supply of goods/services 
                                   57.43                                       122.01 
       3  Saarathi Healthcare Private Limited - Loan & interest payable 
                              1,885.95                                    1,949.38 
       4  Vivra Wellness Private Limited - Receivable towards Sale of Goods 
                                     0.27                                               -   
NOTE 32
INFORMATION UNDER SECTION 186(4) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013.
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 One Billion Diagnostics Pvt Ltd 
                                 132.56                                       295.00 
NOTE 33
EXPENSES INCURRED IN FOREIGN CURRENCY
Particulars
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
CIF Value of Imports
2,254.30
                              
1,397.77
                                   
Professional Fees -Educational Module
40.20
                                   
87.14
                                        
Internet expenses
14.70
                                   
6.24
                                          
Travelling Charges
-
                                       
1.27
                                          
Sales Promotion
1.09
                                     
-
                                            
NOTE 34
Particulars
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
Payables
304.00
                                 
226.14
                                      
Advance for goods
33.39
                                   
121.32
                                      
NOTE 35
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
Disclosures as per AS 15:
Reconciliation of Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO)
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Present value of DBO at start of year
33.07
                                   
15.40
                                        
FOREIGN CURRENCY BALANCES
 Loan given to unrelated corporate entity bears an interest rate of 9%p.a and the same is advanced for business purposes. 
PARTICULARS
PARTICULARS
106

[page 110]
Current Service Cost
7.64
                                     
5.68
                                          
Interest Cost
2.18
                                     
1.11
                                          
Actuarial Loss/(Gain)
35.88
                                   
10.88
                                        
Present value of DBO at end of year
78.77
                                   
33.07
                                        
Expenses recognised in the Profit and Loss Account
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Current Service Cost
7.64
                                     
5.68
                                          
Interest Cost
2.18
                                     
1.11
                                          
Actuarial Loss/(Gain)
35.88
                                   
10.88
                                        
Employer Expenses
45.70
                                   
17.67
                                        
Net Liability/ (Asset) recognised in the Balance Sheet
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Present Value of DBO
78.77
                                   
33.07
                                        
Fair Value of Plan Assets
-
                                       
-
                                            
Net Liability/(Asset)
78.77
                                   
33.07
                                        
Liability/(Asset) recognised in the Balance Sheet
78.77
                                   
33.07
                                        
Of which, Short term Provision
13.71
                                   
5.38
                                          
Actuarial Assumptions 
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Salary Growth Rate
8.00% p.a.
8.00% p.a.
Discount Rate
6.89% p.a.
6.59% p.a.
 Withdrawal/ Attrition Rate 
 15.00% p.a. for all service 
groups 
 15.00% p.a. for all service 
groups 
Experience Adjustments  
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Defined Benefit Obligation
78.77
                                   
33.07
                                        
Fair Value of Plan Assets
-
                                       
Surplus/(Deficit)
(78.77)
                                  
(33.07)
                                       
Experience Adjustment on Plan Liabilities: (Gain)/Loss 
36.97
                                   
9.40
                                          
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to change in financial assumptions
(1.10)
                                    
2.64
                                          
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to change in demographic assumptions
(1.15)
                                         
Experience adjustments on  plan assets
-
                                       
-
                                            
Net actuarial loss/(gain) for the year
35.88
                                   
10.88
                                        
NOTE 36
AMOUNT DUE TO MICRO AND SMALL ENTERPRISES
Micro and Small enterprises have been identified by the Company on the basis of the information available. 
 PARTICULARS 
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
 a) 
 Dues remaining unpaid as at 31st March 
 Principal 
                                 208.64                                       132.76 
 Interest on the above 
                                     2.92                                           4.10 
 b) 
 Interest paid in terms of Section16 of the act along with amount of payment made to 
the supplier beyond the appointed day during the year. 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Principal paid beyond the appointed date 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Interest paid in terms of Section 16 of the act 
                                         -                                                 -   
 c) 
 Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay on payments made beyond 
the appointed day during the year 
                                         -                                                 -   
 d)  Further interest due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such date when 
the interest due as above are actually paid to the small enterprises. 
                                         -                                                 -   
 e) 
 Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid as at 31st March 
                                         -                                                 -   
107

[page 111]
NOTE 37
DISCLOSURE RELATED TO TRADE PAYABLES :
(₹ in lakhs)
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on 31.03.2026
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
i
MSME - Due
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
ii
Others - Due
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
iii
Disputed dues – MSME - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
iv
Disputed dues – Others - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
MSME - Undue
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
Others - Undue
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
Total
-
                          
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on 31.03.2025
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
i
MSME - Due
93.65
                               
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
93.65
                       
ii
Others - Due
889.70
                             
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
889.70
                     
iii
Disputed dues – MSME - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
iv
Disputed dues – Others - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
MSME - Undue
39.11
                               
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
39.11
                       
Others - Undue
634.94
                             
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
634.94
                     
Total
1,657.40
                  
NOTE 38
DISCLOSURE RELATED TO TRADE RECEIVABLES :
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as on 31.03.2026
Less than 
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year 
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
i
Undisputed Trade receivables – considered good - Due
2,655.78
                          
426.52
                           
415.57
                      
342.48
                           
110.11
                     
3,950.47
                    
ii
Undisputed Trade Receivables – considered doubtful - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
iii
Disputed Trade Receivables considered good - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
iv
Disputed Trade Receivables considered doubtful - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
Total - Undue Trade Receivables
1,966.80
                          
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
1,966.80
                    
Total
5,917.27
                    
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as on 31.03.2025
Less than 
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year 
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
i
Undisputed Trade receivables – considered good - Due
3,518.81
                          
327.25
                           
165.13
                      
73.73
                             
41.77
                       
4,126.69
                    
ii
Undisputed Trade Receivables – considered doubtful - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
iii
Disputed Trade Receivables considered good - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
iv
Disputed Trade Receivables considered doubtful - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
Total - Undue Trade Receivables
1,254.93
                          
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
1,254.93
                    
Total
5,381.62
                    
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
108

[page 112]
NOTE 39
CSR ACTIVITIES
(₹ in lakhs)
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Amount required to be spent by the company during the year ended 31st March
23.58
                              
23.60
                           
Amount of expenditure incurred
(22.07)
                             
(25.00)
                         
Excess c/f from earlier years
(1.53)
                               
(0.13)
                           
Shortfall/(Excess) at the end of the period
(0.02)
                               
(1.53)
                           
Total of previous years shortfall
-
                                  
-
                              
NOTE 40
NOTE ON SEGMENT REPORTING
NOTE 41
EVENTS OCCURING AFTER REPORTING DATE
(₹ in lakhs)
Particulars 
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
i) Dividend paid during the year 
Final dividend for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31,2024  (Rs. 0.5 Per Share)
89.25
                              
89.25
                           
ii) Dividends not recognised at the end of the reporting period
Proposed dividend for the year ended on March 31, 2026 and March 31,2025 (Rs. 0.5 Per Share)
96.69
                              
89.25
                           
NOTE 42
CONTINGENT LIABILITY
Outstanding Demand under TDS
(₹ in lakhs)
Financial Year
Amount
2022-23
0.56
                                
2023-24
0.19
                                
2024-25
2.28
                                
2025-26
2.28
                                
Total
5.30
                                
There are no outstanding demands under GST and Income Tax (Other than TDS as shown above).
NOTE 43
NOTE 44
No transactions to report against the following disclosure requirments as notified by MCA pursuant to amended schedule III :
(a)
Title deeds of Immovable Property not held in name of the Company.
(b)
Benami Property held under Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder
(c)
Compliance with number of layers of companies & approved scheme of arrangments
(d)
Delay in registration or Satisfaction of Charges with Registrar of Companies
(e)
Relating to Borrowed Funds
(i) Wilful defaulter 
The Company is operating as a single segment company, engaged in “Healthcare Equipments/Supplies and Services” and hence there is no 
separate reportable business segments.
Dividend Declaration: The Board of Directors in their meeting have proposed a final dividend of ₹0.50 per equity share 
for the financial year ended 31st March 2025, subject to approval of shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. 
This proposed dividend has not been recognised as a liability as at the balance sheet date, in accordance with the 
requirements of AS 4 and only been disclosed by way of a note.
The Company did not have any material transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 
2013 or section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956 during the financial year.
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Bank Guarantee amounting to Rs.1 crore is outstanding which has been given by bank on behalf of the company to one 
of its suppliers.
Contributions have been made for the purpose of promoting educational undertakings and sports recreational activities as part of CSR 
Activity.
109

[page 113]
(ii) Utilisation of Borrowed funds or share premium
(iii) Discrepancy in utilisation of borrowings
(f)
Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency
(g)
The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
(i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
(ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(h)
The Company have not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:
(i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding
Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
(ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(i)
The Company does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or disclosed
 as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant 
provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961
(j)
Undisclosed Income
NOTE 45
PREVIOUS YEAR FIGURES
Previous year figures have been regrouped to comply with current period groupings.
110

[page 114]
Sn
Ratios
Numerator
 Denominator 
01.04.2025
to
31.03.2026
01.04.2024
to
31.03.2025
%
Change
Remarks
1
Current ratio (in times)
 Total current assets 
 Total current liabilities 
                                           1.42                                  1.54                        (7.67)
2
Debt-equity ratio 
(in times)
 Debt consists of Short Term as 
well as Long Term Borrowings  Total equity 
                                           0.87                                  0.88                        (0.58)
3
Debt service coverage ratio 
(in times)
 Earning for Debt Service = Net 
Profit after taxes + Depreciation 
and Amortisation + Interest 
 Debt service = Interest + 
Principal repayments 
                                           0.79                                  2.54                      (69.05)
 Profit of the company has reduced 
finance cost has increased during the 
year leading to decline in ratio. 
4
Return on equity ratio 
(in %)
 Net Profit After Tax 
 Total equity 
                                           6.42                                11.84                      (45.76)
 Reduction in profit as compared to 
previous year has led to decrease in 
ratio. 
5
Inventory turnover ratio (in 
times)
 Cost of goods sold 
 Average Inventory 
                                           2.18                                  2.27                        (3.93)
6
Trade receivables turnover 
ratio (in times)
 Revenue from operations 
 Average trade receivables 
                                           2.70                                  3.51                      (23.09)
7
Trade payables turnover 
ratio (in times)
 Net Purchases 
 Average trade payables 
                                           5.53 
                                 4.46                        23.94 
8
Net capital turnover ratio 
(in times)
 Revenue from operations 
 Average working capital (i.e. 
Total current assets (-) Total 
current liabilities) 
                                           3.85 
                                 3.11                        23.84 
9
Net profit ratio (in%)
 Net Profit After Tax 
 Revenue from operations 
4.39
7.19
-38.93
 Increase in expenses as compared to 
previous year has led to decrease in 
ratio. 
10
Return on capital employed 
(in%)
 Profit after tax and finance 
costs  
 Capital employed= Total 
Equity - Intangible Assets + 
Non Current Borrowings + 
Current Borrowings + 
Deferred Tax Liability 
                                           8.17                                11.74                      (30.41)
 Increase in capital employed & 
decrease in profit has let to decrease in 
ratio. 
11
Return on investment
(in%)
 Dividend Income + Gain/Loss 
on Investments 
 Average Value of 
Investments 
                                               -                                        -                                -    NA 
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
NOTE 46 - Ratio Analysis 
111

[page 115]
NOTE 47
Note on Stock and Book debts statement submitted to bank
During the year the company has been sanctioned working capital(WC) limits in excess of Rs.5 crores, in agreegate from banks on the basis of security of current assets(CA).
The Company has filed quarterly returns or statements ('the statements') with such banks, which are in agreement with the books of accounts other than those as set out below.
(₹ in lakhs)
Name of the Bank
 Nature of 
CA offered 
as security 
Quarter 
Ended
 Amount 
disclosed as 
statements 
 Amount 
as per 
books 
 Difference on 
Gross Basis 
 Reason for 
difference 
Jun-25
7,039.31
                   
7,062.31
                           
23.00
                      
Sep-25
7,353.17
                   
7,116.50
                           
(236.66)
                   
Dec-25
7,427.82
                   
6,877.18
                           
(550.64)
                   
Mar-26
7,139.56
                   
7,275.70
                           
136.14
                    
Name of the Bank
 Nature of 
CA offered 
as security 
Quarter 
Ended
 Amount 
disclosed as 
statements 
 Amount 
as per 
books 
 Difference on 
Gross Basis 
 Reason for 
difference 
Jun-24
5,698.25
                   
5,683.38
                           
(14.87)
                     
Sep-24
5,209.49
                   
6,006.78
                           
797.29
                    
Dec-24
6,816.82
                   
6,761.13
                           
(55.68)
                     
Mar-25
6,876.66
                   
6,813.28
                           
(63.38)
                     
Note on Nature of Current Asset offered as security
 
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
Refer Note below
 Variations are attributable to submission of 
statements to bank pending closure of 
quarterly accounting entries. 
 HDFC Bank/Citi Bank/Indusind 
Bank 
 (Secured against charge on present and future stocks and book debts, mortage on commercial premises of company, personal guarantee of Directors). 
 HDFC Bank/Citi Bank/Indusind 
Bank 
Refer Note below
 Variations are attributable to submission of 
statements to bank pending closure of 
quarterly accounting entries.
In Q2 advance to supplier was wrongly 
consider as supplier o/s balance. 
112

[page 116]
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
 
To the Member of the QMS Medical Allied Services Limited 
 
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
Opinion 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited (the 
“Holding Company”) and its subsidiaries (the Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as the “Group”) which 
comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March, 2026, and the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, 
the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a 
summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as the 
“consolidated financial statements”).  
 
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, and based on the 
consideration of the reports of the other auditor on the separate financial statements of the subsidiary, the aforesaid 
consolidated financial statements, give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the manner 
so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting standards prescribed under section 133 of 
the Act and other accounting principle generally accepted in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group as 
at 31 March, 2026 and their consolidated profit, their consolidated cash flows for the year ended on that date. 
 
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (SAs) 
specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SAs are further described in the Auditor’s 
Responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the 
Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”), and 
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of their reports referred to 
in sub paragraphs of the Other Matters section below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
Key Audit Matters 
 
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements of the year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the 
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate 
opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be 
communicated in our report. 
 
Sr. 
No. 
Key Audit Matter 
 
How our audit addressed the Key audit matter: 
1 
Revenue Recognition 
The Holding Company has recognised total income 
amounting Rs 15,265.20 Lakhs during the financial 
year. Revenue is a key performance indicator and 
therefore in internal and external stakeholders’ focus. 
This could lead to an increased audit risk relating to 
sales cut off and revenue not being recorded in the 
proper accounting period. 
 
 
Our audit procedures included, among others, inquiries 
with 
management 
regarding 
significant 
new 
transactions and relevant changes in existing policies. 
 
Walkthroughs were performed to gain an understanding 
of 
processes 
and 
internal 
controls, 
including 
management 
reviews, 
with 
respect 
to 
revenue 
recognition. 
 
113

[page 117]
Considering that this amount is substantial and errors 
in measurement can lead to material impact we have 
considered this as a key audit matter. 
On a sample basis, we reconciled revenue to the 
supporting documentation, such as sales orders and 
invoices. 
 
A specific emphasis was set on verifying that revenue 
transactions at the end of the financial year and at the 
beginning of the new financial year have been 
recognized in the proper accounting period by 
comparing revenues close to the balance sheet date. 
 
2 
Carrying value of Non-current Investment 
The Holding Company has non-current investments in 
subsidiary company amounting to Rs.5982.01 lakhs as 
on 31st March 2026 which is 27% of the total assets of 
the company. During the year, the company acquired 
additional equity shares in subsidiary for a 
consideration of Rs.1454.00 lakhs.  
 
We considered the valuation of such investments to be 
significant to the audit, because of materiality of the 
investments. 
 
Our audit procedures included comparing the carrying 
values of investment in subsidiary for which audited 
financial statements were available with their respective 
net asset value and earnings for the period. 
 
We also obtained management’s evaluation of 
impairment analysis for investments. 
 
We also assessed the related disclosures made in the 
standalone financial statements 
 
Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon  
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation of the other information. The other 
information comprises the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report 
including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance 
and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the consolidated financial statements, standalone financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
  
Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any 
form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
 
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information, 
compare with the financial statements of the subsidiary audited by the other auditors, to the extent it relates to these 
entities and in doing so, place reliance on the work of the other auditors and consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of 
our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.  
 
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, 
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard. 
 
Responsibilities of Management and Board of Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements  
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the preparation and presentation of these consolidated 
financial statements that give a true and fair view of the consolidated state of affairs, consolidated profit and 
consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including accounting standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act. The respective Boards of Directors of the 
entities included in the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provisions of the Act for safeguarding the assets of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and other 
irregularities; the selection of the appropriate accounting software for ensuring compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations including those related to audit logs; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate 
114

[page 118]
internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the financial statements that give a true and fair 
view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have been used for the purpose of 
preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.  
 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the respective Boards of Directors of the entities included in the 
Group are responsible for assessing the ability of the respective entities to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as 
applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the respective 
Boards of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to 
do so.  
 
The respective Boards of Directors of the entities included in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the 
financial reporting process of the Group. 
 
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the consolidated financial statements  
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our 
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and 
are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.  
 
As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism 
throughout the audit. We also:  
 
 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. 
  
 
Obtain an understanding of internal financial control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for 
expressing our opinion on whether the Holding Company has adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.  
 
 
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and 
related disclosures made by the management.  
 
 
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based 
on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may 
cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material 
uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our 
conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future 
events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.  
 
 
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and 
events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.  
 
115

[page 119]
 
Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities within the 
Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, 
supervision and performance of the audit of financial statements of such entities included in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the other entities included in the 
consolidated financial statements, which have been audited by the other auditors, such other auditors remain 
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried out by them. We remain 
solely responsible for our audit opinion. 
 
Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the consolidated financial statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning 
the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified 
misstatements in the consolidated financial statements.  
 
We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included in 
the consolidated financial statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other matters, the 
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal 
financial controls that we identify during our audit.  
 
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may 
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.  
 
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most 
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit 
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about 
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our 
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest 
benefits of such communication. 
 
Other Matter 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include (before consolidation adjustments) total assets of 
Rs.4328.45 lakhs as at 31st March, 2026 and total income of Rs.2520.43 lakhs and total net profit after tax of Rs 
522.59 lakhs for the year ended on that date of one subsidiary, which have been audited by other auditor. The 
independent auditor’s report on financial statements of this entity has been furnished to us by the management and 
our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures included in 
respect of the said subsidiary and our report in terms of sub-sections (3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as it relates 
to the aforesaid subsidiary, is based solely on the report of other auditors. 
 
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements 
below, is not modified in respect of the above matter with respect to our reliance on the work done and the report of 
the other auditor.  
 
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements  
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and the consideration of the audit report of the other 
auditor on the separate financial statements of the subsidiary referred to in the “Other matters” paragraph, we 
report, to the extent applicable that:  
 
a) 
We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.  
 
116

[page 120]
b) 
In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law maintained by the Group including relevant records 
relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements have been kept by the Group, 
including relevant records so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the report of other 
auditor. 
 
c) 
The consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement of profit and loss, the consolidated statement of 
cash flows dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the 
purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
d) 
In our opinion, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements comply with the generally accepted accounting 
principle in India specified under section 133 of the Act. 
 
e) 
On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 
31, 2026 taken on record by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory 
auditor of its subsidiary company incorporated in India, none of the directors of the Group companies 
incorporated in India is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 
164 (2) of the Act. 
 
f) 
With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A” which 
is based on the auditors’ reports of the Holding Company and its subsidiary company incorporated in India. 
Our report expresses an unmodified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements of those companies. 
 
g) 
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with the requirements 
of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and according to 
the explanations given to us, and based on the auditor’s report of subsidiary company incorporated in India, 
the remuneration paid by the Holding Company and such its subsidiary company to their respective directors 
during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act read with schedule V of the Act. 
 
h) 
With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of audit report of the other auditor 
on separate financial statements of subsidiary, as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph:  
 
i. 
The Group does not have any pending litigations as at March 31, 2026 which would impact its financial 
position. 
 
ii. 
The Group did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there were any 
material foreseeable losses. 
 
iii. 
There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Parent and its subsidiary companies incorporated in India. 
 
iv. 
(a) The respective managements of the Parent and its subsidiary which are companies incorporated in 
India, whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us and to the 
other auditor that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds 
or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Parent or such subsidiary to or in any 
other person or entity, outside the Group, including foreign entity (“Intermediaries”), with the 
understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, directly or 
indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf 
117

[page 121]
of the Parent or such subsidiary (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like 
on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. 
 
(b) The respective managements of the Parent and its subsidiary which are companies incorporated in 
India, whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, have represented to us and to the 
other auditor that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, no funds (which are material either 
individually or in the aggregate) have been received by the Parent or such subsidiary from any person or 
entity, including foreign entity (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Parent or such subsidiary shall, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons 
or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. 
 
(c) Based on the audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances performed by us and that performed by the auditor of subsidiary company, which are 
companies incorporated in India whose financial statements have been audited under the Act, nothing 
has come to our or other auditor’s notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-
clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement. 
 
v. 
The final dividend proposed by the board of directors of the Holding Company in the previous year was 
declared and paid by the company during the year in accordance with section 123 of the Act. The Board 
of directors of the company has proposed a final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval 
of the members at the ensuing Annual general meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is in 
accordance with section 123 of the Act, as applicable.  
 
vi. 
Based on our examination, which included test checks, and based on the other auditor’s report of its 
subsidiary company incorporated in India, the Holding Company  and its subsidiary company have used 
an accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail 
(edit log) facility and the same has operated throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in 
the software. Further, during the course of our audit we and the other auditor, whose report have been 
furnished to us by the management of the Holding company, have not come across any instance of audit 
trail feature being tampered with. 
Additionally, where audit trail (edit log) facility was enabled and operated in the previous year, the audit 
trail has been preserved by the Holding Company and its subsidiary incorporated in India as per the 
statutory requirements for record retention. 
 
2. As required by paragraph 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued 
by Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to be included in Auditor’s report, according 
to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the CARO report issued by us for the Holding 
Company and based on our consideration of CARO reports issued by the respective auditors of the company 
included in the consolidated financial statements, we report that there have been no qualifications or adverse 
remarks reported by the respective auditors in their CARO 2020 reports of the subsidiaries included in the 
consolidated financial statements. 
 
For H H Dedhia & Associates 
Chartered Accountants   
(FRN - 148213W) 
 
 
 
Harsh H. Dedhia 
Proprietor 
(M No: 141494) 
118

[page 122]
UDIN: 26141494XRODNK9364  
Place: Mumbai,  
Date: 30th May 2026 
 
 
119

[page 123]
ANNEXURE “A” TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our 
report of even date)  
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to consolidated financial statements under Clause (i) 
of sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”)  
In conjunction with our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended 
March 31, 2026, we have audited the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements of 
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Parent”) and its subsidiary company, which are 
companies incorporated in India, as of that date.  
 
Managements and Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for Internal Financial Controls  
The respective Company’s management and Boards of Directors of the Parent and its subsidiary company, which are 
companies incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based on 
the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by the respective companies considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (the “ICAI”). These responsibilities include the 
design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for 
ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the respective company’s policies, 
the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the 
accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.  
 
Auditor’s Responsibility  
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial 
statements of the Parent and its subsidiary companies, which are companies incorporated in India, based on our audit. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) and the Standards 
on Auditing, prescribed under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial 
controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we 
comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
adequate internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements was established and maintained 
and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.  
 
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial controls 
with reference to consolidated financial statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements included obtaining an understanding of internal financial 
controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and 
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The 
procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement 
of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.  
 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements of the Parent and its 
subsidiary company, which are companies incorporated in India.  
 
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements  
A company's internal financial control with reference to consolidated financial statements is a process designed to 
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements 
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial 
120

[page 124]
control with reference to consolidated financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to 
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of 
the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of 
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised 
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
  
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements  
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to 
error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control 
with reference to consolidated financial statements may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that 
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 
Opinion  
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the 
consideration of the report of the other auditor referred to in the Other Matters paragraph below, the Parent and its 
subsidiary company, which are companies incorporated in India, have, in all material respects, an adequate internal 
financial controls system with reference to consolidated financial statements and such internal financial controls with 
reference to consolidated financial statements were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on the criteria 
for internal financial control with reference to consolidated financial statements established by the respective 
companies considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI. 
 
Other Matters  
 
Our aforesaid report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal 
financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements insofar as it relates to the subsidiary company, 
which are companies incorporated in India, is based solely on the corresponding report of the auditor of such company.  
 
Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters. 
 
For H H Dedhia & Associates 
Chartered Accountants   
(FRN - 148213W) 
 
 
 
Harsh H. Dedhia 
Proprietor 
(M No: 141494) 
UDIN: 26141494XRODNK9364  
 
Place: Mumbai,  
Date: 30th May 2026 
 
121

[page 125]
(₹ in lakhs)
 31.03.2026 
31.03.2025
₹
₹
(I)
1)
(a)
Share Capital
1
                                  1,933.74                                   1,785.00 
(b)
Reserves and Surplus
2
                                  8,485.62                                   7,186.36 
(c)
Money received against share warrants
-
                                          
-
                                          
Minority Interest
977.14
                                     
1,738.91
                                  
2)
(a)
Long-term borrowings
3
                                     696.61                                      943.98 
(b)
Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
                                             -                                                -   
(c)
Other Long term liabilities
                                             -                                                -   
(d)
Long-term provisions
4
65.05
                                       
27.69
                                       
3)
(a)
Short Term borrowings
5
                                  6,751.48                                   5,084.57 
(b)
Trade payables
6
Trade Payables-Micro and Small Enterprises
                                     248.52                                      136.09 
Trade Payables- Other than Micro and Small Enterprises
                                  1,594.73                                   1,553.44 
(c)
Other Current liabilities
7
                                     508.15                                      348.80 
(d)
Short Term Provisions
8
                                       23.80                                      190.58 
                                21,284.85                                 18,995.42 
(II)
1)
(a)
Plant,Property and Equipment & Intangible Assets
9
(i) Plant,Property and Equipment
2,289.16
                                  
2,301.14
                                  
(ii) Intangible assets
307.31
                                     
81.32
                                       
(iii) Capital work-in-progress
-
                                          
-
                                          
(iv) Intangible assets under development
263.51
                                     
292.79
                                     
(v) Goodwill on acquisition
2,885.28
                                  
2,885.28
                                  
(b)
Non Current Investments
-
                                          
-
                                          
(c)
Deferred tax assets (net)
10
31.48
                                       
15.93
                                       
(d)
Long Term Loans and Advances
11
1,193.82
                                  
1,289.78
                                  
(e)
Other Non Current Assets
12
113.14
                                     
125.88
                                     
2)
(a)
Current investments
13
546.47
                                     
323.23
                                     
(b)
Inventories
14
4,591.64
                                  
3,932.68
                                  
(c)
Trade receivables
15
6,731.96
                                  
5,793.06
                                  
(d)
Cash and cash equivalents
16
119.54
                                     
106.52
                                     
(e)
Short-term loans and advances
17
409.46
                                     
344.49
                                     
(f)
Other Current Assets
18
1,802.07
                                  
1,503.33
                                  
                                21,284.85                                 18,995.42 
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
MAHESH MAKHIJA
DEENA NATH PATHAK
(MANAGING DIRECTOR)
(DIRECTOR)
DIN: 02700606
DIN: 02104727
Sd/-
Sd/-
TORAL BHADRA
SEJAL MHATRE
DATE : 30.05.2026
(COMPANY SECRETARY)
(CFO)
MEM NO: A56927
PARTICULARS
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS ON 31ST MARCH 2026
NOTE 
NO.
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Shareholders' Funds
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
FOR M/S. H.H. DEDHIA AND ASSOCIATES
Current Assets
Non Current Assets
ASSETS
Non - Current Liabilities
The Accompanying Notes are Integral Part of Financial Statements
Current Liabilities
PLACE : MUMBAI
HARSH H. DEDHIA
(PROPRIETOR)
Membership No. 141494
FRN : 148213W
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
122

[page 126]
(₹ in lakhs)
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
1) Revenue from operations
19
                         17,287.65                             15,601.41 
2) Other Income
20
                              105.31                                  171.58 
Total Income
                         17,392.96                             15,772.99 
3) Expenses
(a) Cost of materials consumed
                                      -                                            -   
(b) Purchases of Stock-in-Trade
21
                         10,014.08                               8,126.29 
(c) Changes in Inventory
22
                            (751.42)                                   33.66 
(d) Employee Benefit Expenses
23
                           1,522.12                                  958.31 
(e) Finance Expenses
24
                              655.16                                  463.58 
(f) Depreciation and Amortisation Expenses
25
                              393.93                                  382.54 
(g) Other Expenses
26
                           3,915.10                               3,942.39 
Total
                         15,748.97                             13,906.78 
4) Profit/(loss) before exceptional and extraordinary item and tax
                           1,643.99                               1,866.21 
5) Exceptional items
6) Profit/(loss) before extraordinary item and tax
                           1,643.99                               1,866.21 
7) Extraordinary items
8) Profit/ (loss) before tax
                           1,643.99                               1,866.21 
9) Tax expense/ (benefit):
27
(a) Current tax expense
                              459.35                                  559.69 
(b) Deferred tax
                              (15.55)                                 (48.66)
(c) Short / (Excess) Provision for earlier year
                                  8.51                                  (14.66)
10) Profit After Tax
                           1,191.68                               1,369.84 
-Non-controlling interest
                              178.47                                  160.61 
-Owners of the Company
                           1,013.21                               1,209.23 
11) Earnings Per Equity Share
28
(a) Basic
5.40
6.65
(b) Diluted
5.40
6.65
AS PER OUR REPORT OF EVEN DATE ATTACHED
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
FOR M/S. H.H. DEDHIA AND ASSOCIATES
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN : 148213W
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
HARSH H. DEDHIA
MAHESH MAKHIJA
DEENA NATH PATHAK
(PROPRIETOR)
(MANAGING DIRECTOR)
(DIRECTOR)
Membership No. 141494
DIN: 02700606
DIN: 02104727
Sd/-
Sd/-
PLACE : MUMBAI
TORAL BHADRA
SEJAL MHATRE
DATE : 30.05.2026
(COMPANY SECRETARY)
(CFO)
MEM NO: A56927
The Accompanying Notes are Integral Part of Financial Statements
PARTICULARS
NOTE 
NO.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
123

[page 127]
(₹ in lakhs)
₹
₹
₹
₹
I)
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITTIES
Net profit after Tax
1,191.68
                        
1,369.84
                      
Add: Provision for Tax
-
                               
Current Tax
459.35
                            
559.69
                         
Excess/(Short) Provision for Tax
8.51
                                
(14.66)
                          
Deferred Tax
(15.55)
                            
1,643.99
                          
(48.66)
                          
1,866.21
                       
Net profit before Tax
-
                               
Adjustment for Non-Cash and Non-operating Items
-
                               
Add: Depreciation 
393.93
                            
382.54
                         
Interest on Income tax paid
-
                                  
14.05
                           
Interest on Loan
589.86
                            
983.79
                             
0.00
                             
396.60
                          
Less: Interest on Loan and Fixed Deposit
(105.31)
                          
(138.60)
                        
Profit on Sale of Fixed Assets
-
                                  
(105.31)
                            
(1.64)
                            
(140.24)
                        
Operating profits before working capital changes
2,522.47
                          
2,122.57
                       
Changes in Working Capital
Trade Payables
153.72
                            
(483.28)
                        
Other Current liabilities
159.35
                            
215.53
                         
Short/Long Term Provisions
(129.42)
                          
65.89
                           
Inventories
(658.96)
                          
(174.37)
                        
Short Term Borrowings
1,666.92
                        
1,429.37
                      
Trade Receivables
(938.90)
                          
(4.49)
                            
Short Term Loans & Advances
(64.97)
                            
48.90
                           
Other Bank balance through unpaid dividend a/c
0.07
                                
(0.70)
                            
Other Current Assets
(298.74)
                          
(110.93)
                            
(743.43)
                        
353.42
                          
Cash generated from operations
2,411.53
                          
2,475.98
                       
Less: Tax Expense
(467.87)
                            
(559.08)
                        
NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATNG ACTIVITIES
1,943.67
                          
1,916.90
                       
II)
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITTIES
Add:
Deposits received back
12.74
                              
(35.27)
                          
Loans advanced received back
95.96
                              
30.00
                           
Redemption of Fixed Deposits
392.33
                         
Interest Income on Loan and Fixed Depsoit
105.31
                            
270.73
                         
Sale of Fixed Assets
-
                                  
214.00
                             
7.45
                             
665.23
                          
Less:
Loan/Deposits given
(36.89)
                          
Investment in Fixed Deposits
(223.24)
                          
(305.00)
                        
Investment in Shares of Subsidiary/Advance for purchase of shares in 
subsidiary
(1,454.00)
                       
(4,528.01)
                     
Payment made to creditors towards purchase of assets
(578.66)
                          
(2,255.91)
                         
(343.92)
                        
(5,213.81)
                     
NET CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
(2,041.90)
                         
(4,548.58)
                     
III)
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITTIES
Add: 
Proceeds from right shares issued during the year (net of expenses)
1,037.81
                        
-
                               
Loan received during the year
1,037.81
                          
4,442.98
                      
4,442.98
                       
Less:
-
                               
Repayment of Loan
(247.37)
                          
(1,669.61)
                     
Dividend Paid
(89.25)
                            
(89.25)
                          
Interest on Loan
(589.86)
                          
(0.00)
                            
(926.49)
                            
(1,758.86)
                     
NET CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITTIES
111.32
                             
2,684.12
                       
IV)
NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH
13.09
                               
52.44
                            
Add:
Cash & Cash Equivalent at the beginning of the year
Cash on Hand
22.73
                              
20.58
                           
Bank Balance
71.46
                              
4.95
                             
Term Deposits
11.61
                              
105.80
                             
5.00
                             
30.53
                            
-
                               
Upon Addition of Subsidiaries
-
                               
Cash on Hand
-
                                  
0.15
                             
Bank Balance
-
                                  
-
                                   
22.68
                           
22.83
                            
-
                               
Less:
Cash & Cash Equivalent at the end of the year
-
                               
Cash on Hand
6.07
                                
22.73
                           
Bank Balance
112.82
                            
71.46
                           
Term Deposits
-
                                  
118.89
                             
11.61
                           
105.80
                          
Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents with the Balance Sheet
Cash & Cash Equivalent at the end of the year (as per Note 16)
118.89
                             
105.80
                          
Add:
Acquistion of Subsidiaries
-
                                   
22.83
                            
Less:
Bank Balances held as margin money against gurantees not considered as Cash 
and Cash Equivalents
                                      -   
-
                                
Cash & Cash Equivalent at the end of the year
118.89
                             
128.63
                          
AS PER OUR FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
FOR QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
FOR M/S. H.H. DEDHIA AND ASSOCIATES
CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS
FRN : 148213W
Sd/-
Sd/-
Sd/-
HARSH H. DEDHIA
MAHESH MAKHIJA
DEENA NATH PATHAK
(PROPRIETOR)
(MANAGING DIRECTOR)
(DIRECTOR)
Membership No. 141494
DIN: 02700606
DIN: 02104727
Sd/-
Sd/-
PLACE : MUMBAI
TORAL BHADRA
SEJAL MHATRE
DATE : 30.05.2026
(COMPANY SECRETARY)
(CFO)
MEM NO: A56927
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT 
PARTICULARS
31.03.2025
31.03.2026
124

[page 128]
 (₹ in lakhs) 
AUTHORISED, ISSUED, SUBSCRIBED AND PAID UP SHARE CAPITAL
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
1)
Authorised Share Capital
2,30,00,000 Equity Shares of Rs 10 /- each 
                       2,300.00                        2,300.00 
                            2,300                             2,300 
2)
Issued,Subscribed and Paid-up Share Capital
(1,93,37,443/- Equity Shares of Rs 10 /- each fully paid, 
Previous year- 1,78,50,000 Equity Shares of Rs 10 /- each fully 
paid)
                       1,933.74                        1,785.00 
                            1,934                             1,785 
No.
₹
No.
₹
(A)
Equity Shares
1)
Shares Outstanding at the beginning of the year
                          178.50                        1,785.00                           178.50                      1,785.00 
2)
Right Shares Issued during the year
                            14.87                           148.74                                   -                                   -   
3)
Bonus Shares Issued during the year
                                  -                                     -                                     -                                   -   
4)
Shares Bought Back during the year
                                  -                                     -   
5)
Shares Outstanding at the end of the year
                               193                             1,934                                179                           1,785 
1)
2)
3)
No.of Shares
% of Holding
No.of Shares
% of Holding
1)
Mahesh Makhija
128.49
66.45%
128.4884
71.98%
                               128 
66.45%
                               128 
71.98%
100000
2025-26 
2024-25
2023-24
2022-23
2021-22
1)
Fully Paid up Equity Shares by way of Bonus (in lakhs)
                                  -                                     -                                     -   
112.875                                     -   
31.03.2025
(Aggregate No. of Shares) for the year ended
Aggregate number of bonus shares issued, shares issued for consideration other then cash during the period of five years immediately preceding the reporting date
PARTICULARS
NOTE 1D
TERMS / RIGHTS ATTACHED WITH EQUITY SHARES
The Company has one Class of equity shares having a par value of Rs.10 each.
NOTE 1C
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
NOTE 1A
RECONCILIATION OF NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING AT THE BEGINNING AND AT THE END OF THE YEAR
PARTICULARS
NOTE 1
PARTICULARS
DETAILS OF SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING MORE THEN 5% SHARES IN THE COMPANY
Each shareholder is eligible for one vote per share held.
In the event of Liquidation, the equity shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the company after distribuction of all preferential amounts, in proportion to their shareholding.
31.03.2025
NOTE 1B
31.03.2026
31.03.2026
PARTICULARS
125

[page 129]
(₹ in lakhs)
NOTE 2
RESERVES AND SURPLUS
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Profit and Loss 
 Opening balance 
     40,00,04,484      34,63,94,571          74,63,99,054      (32,96,78,558)
                        4,167.21                               3,047.23 
 (-) Bonus Issued during the year 
                          -   
                                        -  
 (-) Dividend paid during the year (Refer Note.39) 
        (89,25,000)
            (89,25,000)
                            (89.25)                                 (89.25)
 (+) Profit/ (Loss) for the year 
       6,69,08,202        5,22,59,013          11,91,67,215                     (178)
                        1,013.21                               1,209.23 
 (-) Additional stake acquired in Subsiary 
       (5,13,75,965)                          (513.76)
                                        -  
 Closing balance 
     45,79,87,686      39,86,53,583          85,66,41,269      (38,10,54,702)
                        4,577.40                               4,167.21 
 2)  Securities Premium 
 Opening balance 
     30,19,15,004 
         30,19,15,004 
                        3,019.15                               3,019.15 
 (+) Additions on account of Rights shares issued 
     10,56,08,453 
         10,56,08,453 
                        1,056.08 
                                        -  
 (-) Utilization for Rights Issue Expenses 
     (1,67,01,863)
         (1,67,01,863)
                          (167.02)
                                        -  
 Closing balance 
     39,08,21,594 
                      -            39,08,21,594 
                        -                           3,908.22                               3,019.15 
 TOTAL      84,88,09,280      39,88,88,238       1,24,76,97,518      (38,12,89,356)
                        8,485.62                               7,186.36 
NOTE 3
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
1)
Secured Borrowings
Term Loan - CITI
          80,00,000 
             80,00,000 
                             80.00                                  120.00 
 (Secured against charge on present and future stocks and book debts, mortage 
on commercial premises of company, personal guarantee of Directors). 
                                   -                                           -  
 Term Loan - CIFIL 
       6,00,00,000 
          6,00,00,000 
                           600.00                                  800.00 
 (Secured against charge on present and future stocks and book debts, mortage 
on commercial premises of company, personal guarantee of Directors). 
                                   -                                           -  
                                   -                                           -  
2)
 Vehicle Loan 
          16,61,027 
             16,61,027 
                             16.61                                    23.98 
 (Secured against vehicle) 
 TOTAL      23,40,70,246 
                      -            23,40,70,246      (16,44,09,219)
                           696.61                                  943.98 
NOTE 3.1
Maturity Profile
Maturity of Secured Long term loan are as set below :
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
    1 Within 1 year
5,46,82,877
      
-
                    
5,46,82,877
          
-
                     
                           546.83                                  546.22 
    2 1-2 years
4,95,16,520
      
-
                    
4,95,16,520
          
-
                     
                           495.17                                  246.83 
    3 2-3 years
2,01,44,507
      
-
                    
2,01,44,507
          
-
                     
                           201.45                                  247.49 
    4 Beyond 3 year
-
                    
-
                    
-
                       
-
                     
                                   -                                    449.66 
(Refer to Note 3 and Note 5(3))
                        1,243.44                               1,490.21 
 Total 
     12,43,43,904 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Maturity Period 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 LONG TERM BORROWINGS 
126

[page 130]
NOTE 4
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Provision for gratuity 
          65,05,357                       -   
             65,05,357                         -   
                             65.05                                    27.69 
 TOTAL           65,05,357 
                      -                65,05,357 
                        -                                65.05                                    27.69 
NOTE 5
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
1)
Secured Borrowings
Cash Credit
     42,36,05,614 
         42,36,05,614 
                        4,236.06                               4,538.34 
 (Secured against charge on present and future stocks and book debts, mortage 
on commercial premises of company, personal guarantee of Directors). 
                                   -   
2)
 Citi Bill Discounting 
     19,68,60,000 
         19,68,60,000 
                        1,968.60 
                                        -  
                      -   
                                   -                                           -  
3)
 Current Maturities of Long Term Debt 
       5,46,82,877 
          5,46,82,877 
                           546.83                                  546.22 
(Refer to Note 3.1 for detailed Maturity Profile)
 TOTAL      67,51,48,491 
                      -            67,51,48,491 
                        -                           6,751.48                               5,084.57 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 LONG TERM PROVISIONS 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 PARTICULARS 
 SHORT TERM BORROWINGS 
 PARTICULARS 
127

[page 131]
NOTE 6
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 Trade Payables-Micro and Small Enterprises 
1)
Trade payables for Goods and Expenses
2,08,63,837
      
39,88,157
         
          2,48,51,994 
                           248.52                                  136.09 
       2,08,63,837           39,88,157           2,48,51,994                         -   
                           248.52                                  136.09 
 Trade Payables-Other than Micro and Small Enterprises 
1)
Trade payables for Goods and Expenses
15,91,75,441
    
9,96,170
           
         16,01,71,611 
(6,98,280)
            
                        1,594.73                               1,553.44 
15,91,75,441
    
9,96,170
           
16,01,71,611
        
(6,98,280)
            
                        1,594.73                               1,553.44 
 TOTAL      18,00,39,278           49,84,327          18,50,23,606             (6,98,280)
                        1,843.25                               1,689.53 
NOTE 7
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Expenses Payable 
4,08,98,186
      
1,81,52,918
      
          5,90,51,105 
(2,41,86,079)
       
                           348.65                                  182.63 
 2)  Statutory Dues Payable 
1,13,26,578
      
15,85,052
         
          1,29,11,630 
                           129.12                                  151.50 
 3)  Advances received from customers 
80,90,151
         
20,455
              
             81,10,606 
(57,42,721)
          
                             23.68                                    10.73 
 4)  Dividend Payable 
               37,464 
-
                    
                  37,464 
                               0.37                                      0.24 
 5)  Interest Payable to MSME parties for delay payment 
            6,32,640 
-
                    
               6,32,640 
                               6.33                                      3.69 
 TOTAL        6,09,85,020        1,97,58,425           8,07,43,445        (2,99,28,800)
                           508.15                                  348.80 
NOTE 8
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Provision for Tax (Net of advance tax) 
                      -   
                          -   
                                   -                                    177.23 
 2)  Provision for Audit Fees 
               45,000                70,500 
               1,15,500 
                               1.16                                      1.74 
 3)  Provision for Gratuity 
          13,71,480             8,93,033 
             22,64,513 
                             22.65                                    11.61 
 TOTAL           14,16,480             9,63,533              23,80,013 
                        -                                23.80                                  190.58 
NOTE 10
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Deferred Tax Asset 
            4,49,527           26,98,280 
             31,47,807                         -   
                             31.48                                    15.93 
 (Due to difference in Books of Accounts and Income Tax) 
 TOTAL             4,49,527           26,98,280              31,47,807 
                        -                                31.48                                    15.93 
NOTE 11
LONG TERM LOAN AND ADVANCES
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Inter Corporate Deposits 
       1,32,56,285      10,61,25,865          11,93,82,150 
                        1,193.82                               1,289.78 
 TOTAL        1,32,56,285      29,47,21,163          30,79,77,448      (18,85,95,298)
                        1,193.82                               1,289.78 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Adjustments 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 TRADE PAYABLES 
 SHORT TERM PROVISIONS 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 (Refer Note No.35 of Financials for Ageing Schedule of Trade payables and MSME Disclosure) 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 DEFERRED TAX ASSET (NET) 
 PARTICULARS 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
128

[page 132]
NOTE 12
OTHER NON CURRENT ASSETS
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Rent Deposit 
          45,54,500           23,93,000 
             69,47,500 
                             69.48                                    82.99 
 2)  Other Deposit 
          37,25,741                33,300 
             37,59,041 
                             37.59                                    37.21 
 3)  Prepaid Expenses 
            6,07,829 
               6,07,829 
                               6.08                                      5.69 
 TOTAL           88,88,070           24,26,300           1,13,14,370 
                        -                              113.14                                  125.88 
NOTE 13
CURRENT INVESTMENTS
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Fixed Deposits 
       3,26,93,051 
       2,19,53,867           5,46,46,918 
                           546.47                                  323.23 
 TOTAL        3,26,93,051        2,19,53,867           5,46,46,918 
                        -                              546.47                                  323.23 
NOTE 14
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Traded Goods 
     45,91,64,340                       -   
         45,91,64,340 
                             4,592                                    3,933 
 (Valued at cost or NRV whichever is lower) 
 TOTAL      45,91,64,340 
                      -            45,91,64,340 
                        -                           4,591.64                               3,932.68 
NOTE 15
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 Unsecured,considered good 
 Trade receivables 
39,50,46,649
    
4,20,32,926
      
         43,70,79,576 
(6,98,280)
            
                        4,363.81                               4,324.13 
Unbilled revenue
     19,66,79,986        4,01,34,983          23,68,14,970 
                        2,368.15                               1,468.93 
 TOTAL      59,17,26,636        8,21,67,910          67,38,94,545             (6,98,280)
                        6,731.96                               5,793.06 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 INVENTORIES 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 TRADE RECEIVABLES 
 (Refer Note No.36 of Financials for Ageing Schedule of Trade Receivables) 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
129

[page 133]
NOTE 16
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 Cash and Cash Equivalent 
 1)  Cash on Hand 
            5,93,146                13,854 
               6,07,000 
                               6.07                                    22.73 
 2)  Balances With Bank 
            4,37,977        1,08,44,024 
          1,12,82,002 
                           112.82                                    71.46 
 Other Bank Balance 
 1)  Fixed Deposits 
                      -   
                          -   
                                   -                                      11.61 
 2)  Balance in unpaid dividend account 
               65,044                       -   
                  65,044 
                               0.65                                      0.72 
 TOTAL           10,96,168        1,08,57,878           1,19,54,046 
                        -                              119.54                                  106.52 
NOTE 17
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 1)  Loans advanced to Staff 
       1,23,85,902                       -   
          1,23,85,902 
                           123.86                                  119.49 
 2)  Advance for purchase of premises 
       2,85,60,000 
          2,85,60,000 
                           285.60                                  225.00 
 TOTAL        4,09,45,902 
                      -             4,09,45,902 
                        -                              409.46                                  344.49 
NOTE 18
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
1)
Advance to Suppliers
16,17,69,731
    
62,30,270
         
         16,80,00,001 
(57,42,721)
          
                        1,622.57                               1,295.12 
2)
Prepaid Expenses
          63,16,770                       -   
             63,16,770 
                             63.17                                    78.53 
3)
TDS receivable from Party/Department
            4,09,274 
               4,09,274 
                               4.09                                      8.62 
4)
Interest Receivable 
          75,32,104                43,283 
             75,75,387 
                             75.75                                    60.10 
5)
GST Receivable
            6,03,546                       -   
               6,03,546 
                               6.04                                    43.79 
6)
Excess CSR Contribution
                 2,281 
                    2,281 
                               0.02                                      1.40 
7)
Income tax Refund Receivable
                      -                         -   
                          -   
                                   -                                      15.77 
8)
Advance tax net of provisions
          43,81,886         (13,39,375)
             30,42,511 
                             30.43 
                                        -  
 TOTAL      18,10,15,592           49,34,179          18,59,49,770           (57,42,721)
                        1,802.07                               1,503.33 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 QMS 
Standalone 
 Saarathi 
Conso 
 Net balance 
 Adjustments 
 SHORT TERM LOANS AND ADVANCES 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENT 
130

[page 134]
 NOTE 9 
 (₹ in lakhs) 
 TANGIBLE ASSETS * 
 Office Premises 
                         1,465.09                                        -                                  -                          1,465.09                                 214.02                         60.93                                  -                                 274.96                            1,190.14                            1,251.07 
 Temporary alteration to Office Premises 
                              55.79                                  50.84                                -                             106.63                                   43.16                           7.96                                  -                                   51.12                                 55.50                                 12.63 
 Plant & Equipment 
                         1,147.31                                 123.80                                -                          1,271.10                                 383.62                       146.99                                  -                                 530.61                               740.49                               763.68 
 Vehicles 
                              63.04                                        -                                  -                               63.04                                   23.15                         12.46                                  -                                   35.61                                 27.43                                 39.89 
 Furniture & Fixtures 
                            124.33                                  28.01                                -                             152.34                                   62.49                         18.24                                  -                                   80.73                                 71.61                                 61.84 
 Electrification 
                              10.67                                    5.29                                -                               15.96                                     8.44                           1.09                                  -                                     9.53                                  6.43                                   2.23 
 Computers and Servers 
                            115.65                                  46.88                                -                             162.53                                   88.78                         28.98                                  -                                 117.76                                 44.77                                 26.87 
 Office Equipment 
                              86.97                                  36.94                                -                             123.91                                   67.51                         14.55                                  -                                   82.06                                 41.86                                 19.46 
                                   -                                          -   
                                       -                                -   
                                     -   
 Subsidiary Company Assets  
                                   -                                          -   
                                       -                                -   
                                     -   
 Computer 
                              43.29                                    2.91 
                            46.20                                   36.11                           4.05                                  -                                   40.16                                  6.04                                 10.73 
 Furniture & Fittings 
                              71.56                                    5.32 
                            76.88                                   58.19                           4.50                                  -                                   62.69                                 14.19                                 24.46 
 Motor Vehicle 
                              68.16                                        -   
                            68.16                                   59.35                           1.83                                  -                                   61.18                                  6.98                                 12.50 
 Plant & Machinery 
                            291.89                                    7.11 
                          299.00                                 214.42                         14.52                                  -                                 228.93                                 70.06                                 92.53 
 Office Equipment 
                              54.14                                    4.90 
                            59.03                                   37.51                           7.86                                  -                                   45.37                                 13.66                                 11.29 
 TOTAL (A) 
                         3,597.89                                 311.99                                -                          3,909.88                              1,296.75                       323.97                                  -                              1,620.72                            2,289.16                            2,329.19 
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS * 
 Software 
                            137.80                                 291.82                                -                             429.62                                   82.46                         59.76                                  -                                 142.22                               287.40                                 55.34 
                                   -                                          -   
                                       -                                -   
                                     -   
 Subsidiary Company Assets  
                                   -                                          -   
                                       -                                -   
                                     -   
 Computer Software 
                              74.74                                    4.14                                -                               78.88                                   48.76                         10.20                                  -                                   58.96                                 19.92                                 30.47 
                                   -                                          -   
                                     -   
 Intangible Asset under Development
(Refer Note 10.1 for ageing) 
                            292.79                                        -                             29.28                           263.51                                        -                                -                                    -                                        -                                 263.51                               292.79 
 TOTAL (B) 
                            505.32                                 295.96                           29.28                           772.00                                 131.22                         69.96                                  -                                 201.18                               570.82                               378.59 
 TOTAL (A+B) 
                         4,103.21                                 607.94                           29.28                        4,681.88                              1,427.97                       393.93                                  -                              1,821.90                            2,859.98                            2,707.78 
* There is no revaluation of assets done during the year.
Note 9.1 - Intangible Assets under development ageing schedule/completion schedule
Less than 1 year
1-2 Years
2-3 Years
More than 3 Years
Projects in progress
-
                                 
                                 87.08                           90.36                           115.35 
Projects temporarily Suspended
-
                                 
-
                                    
-
                             
-
                               
 Note 9 
 TANGIBLE ASSETS * 
 Office Premises 
                         1,465.09                                        -   
                       1,465.09                                 149.97                         64.05 
                              214.02                            1,251.07                            1,315.12 
 Temporary alteration to Office Premises 
                              55.79                                        -   
                            55.79                                   38.60                           4.56 
                                43.16                                 12.63                                 17.19 
 Plant & Equipment 
                         1,100.31                                  47.00 
                       1,147.31                                 221.48                       162.14 
                              383.62                               763.68                               878.82 
 Vehicles 
                              30.17                                  49.99                           17.12                             63.04                                   17.36                         17.09                             11.30                                 23.15                                 39.89                                 12.81 
 Furniture & Fixtures 
                              98.04                                  26.29 
                          124.33                                   43.83                         18.66 
                                62.49                                 61.84                                 54.21 
 Electrification 
                              10.67                                        -   
                            10.67                                     7.66                           0.78 
                                  8.44                                  2.23                                   3.01 
 Computer 
                              93.92                                  21.73 
                          115.65                                   63.20                         25.57 
                                88.78                                 26.87                                 30.72 
 Office Equipment 
                              73.47                                  13.50 
                            86.97                                   57.05                         10.46 
                                67.51                                 19.46                                 16.42 
                                   -                                          -   
                                       -                                -   
                                     -   
 Subsidiary Company Assets  
                                   -                                          -   
                                       -                                -   
                                     -   
 Computer 
                              37.96                                    5.33 
                            43.29                                   27.26                           8.85 
                                36.11                                  7.18                                 10.70 
 Furniture & Fittings 
                              71.56                                        -   
                            71.56                                   47.77                         10.42 
                                58.19                                 13.37                                 23.79 
 CHARGED 
DURING THE 
PERIOD 
 WDV AS ON 
31-03-2025 
 WDV AS ON
31-03-2024 
 DEPRECIATION 
FUND AS ON
01-04-2024 
 QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 WDV AS ON
31-03-2025 
 ORIGINAL COST 
AS ON 
01-04-25 
 ADDITIONS 
 DEDUCTIONS 
 DESCRIPTION 
 GROSS BLOCK 
 DEPRECIATION BLOCK 
 NET BLOCK 
 DEDUCTIONS 
Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
 DEDUCTIONS 
 DEPRECIATION 
FUND AS ON 
31-03-2025 
 ADDITIONS 
 DEDUCTIONS 
 ORIGINAL COST 
AS ON 
31-03-2025 
 FIXED ASSETS SCHEDULE AS ON 31.03.2025 
 ORIGINAL COST 
AS ON 
01-04-24 
 WDV AS ON 
31-03-2026 
 ORIGINAL COST 
AS ON 
31-03-2026 
 DEPRECIATION 
FUND AS ON
01-04-2025 
 Plant,Property And Equipment & Intangible Assets Schedule As On 31.03.2026 
 DESCRIPTION 
 GROSS BLOCK 
 DEPRECIATION BLOCK 
 NET BLOCK 
 CHARGED 
DURING THE 
PERIOD 
 DEPRECIATION 
FUND AS ON 
31-03-2026 
131

[page 135]
 Motor Vehicle 
                              68.16                                        -   
                            68.16                                   55.66                           3.69 
                                59.35                                  8.81                                 12.50 
 Plant & Machinery 
                            290.84                                    1.05 
                          291.89                                 197.81                         16.60 
                              214.42                                 77.48                                 91.40 
 Office Equipment 
                              41.14                                  12.99 
                            54.14                                   29.66                           7.85 
                                37.51                                 16.63                                 11.48 
 TOTAL (A) 
                         2,927.46                                 158.51                           17.12                        3,068.85                                 599.17                       303.31                             11.30                               891.17                            2,301.14                            2,328.29 
 INTANGIBLE ASSETS * 
 Software 
                              75.23                                  62.57 
                               -                             137.80                                   45.94                         36.52                                  -                                   82.46                                 55.34                                 29.28 
 Subsidiary Company Assets (1) 
                                   -                                          -   
                                       -                                -   
                                     -   
 Computer Software 
                              55.61                                  19.13 
                               -                               74.74                                   25.14                         23.62 
                                48.76                                 25.98                                 30.47 
                                   -                                          -   
                                     -   
 Intangible Asset under Development
(Refer Note 10.1 for ageing) 
                            205.71                                  87.08 
                               -                             292.79 
                                       -                                -                                    -                                        -                                 292.79                               205.71 
 TOTAL (B) 
                            336.55                                 168.78                                -                             505.32                                   71.08                         60.14                                  -                                 131.22                               374.10                               265.46 
 TOTAL (A+B) 
                         3,264.01                                 327.29                           17.12                        3,574.18                                 670.25                       363.45                             11.30                            1,022.40                            2,675.24                            2,593.75 
* There is no revaluation of assets done during the year.
Note 9.1 - Intangible Assets under development ageing schedule/completion schedule
Less than 1 year
1-2 Years
2-3 Years
More than 3 Years
Projects in progress
                              87.08                                  90.36                         115.35 
-
                               
Projects temporarily Suspended
-
                                 
-
                                    
-
                             
-
                               
Amount in intangible assets under development for a period of
132

[page 136]
(₹ in lakhs)
NOTE 19
REVENUE FROM OPERATIONS
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 1)  Sale of products 
                       11,853.83                        11,046.76 
 2)  Sale of services 
                         5,433.81                          4,554.65 
 TOTAL                        17,287.65                        15,601.41 
NOTE 20
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 1)  Interest received 
                            105.31                             138.60 
 2)  Forex Exchange Gain 
                                    -                                   5.22 
 3)  Profit on Sale of Truck 
                                1.64 
 4)  Creditors balance w/back 
                                    -                                 26.12 
 TOTAL                             105.31                             171.58 
NOTE 21
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 1)  Purchases of products 
                       10,014.08                          8,126.29 
 TOTAL                        10,014.08                          8,126.29 
NOTE 22
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 1)  Opening stock 
                         3,724.65                          3,758.31 
 2)  Less: Closing stock 
                         4,476.07                          3,724.65 
 TOTAL                           (751.42)                              33.66 
NOTE 23
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 1)  Director's Remuneration and Sitting Fees 
                            271.13                             203.88 
 2)  Salary to Employees 
                            969.43                             561.40 
 3)  Incentive to Employees 
                            144.82                               99.05 
 4)  Staff Welfare & Festival celebration Expenses 
                              23.50                               31.45 
 5)  Contribution to Various Funds 
                              64.84                               44.45 
 6)  Current Service Cost for Gratuity 
                              48.40                               18.09 
 TOTAL                          1,522.12                             958.31 
 CHANGE IN INVENTORIES OF STOCK IN TRADE 
 QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
 NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
 PARTICULARS 
 PURCHASES OF STOCK-IN-TRADE 
 OTHER INCOME 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES 
 PARTICULARS 
133

[page 137]
NOTE 24
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 Interest Expense 
                                    -                                       -   
 1)  Interest to Bank on cash credit facility 
                            463.85                             337.84 
 2)  Interest on Loan from bank 
                            123.09                               95.25 
 3)  Interest on Income Tax 
                                    -                                 14.05 
 4)  Interest on late payment to MSME parties 
                                2.92                                 4.10 
                                    -                                       -   
 Other Borrowing Cost 
                                    -                                       -   
 1)  Bank Charges 
                              65.30                               12.34 
 TOTAL                             655.16                             463.58 
NOTE 25
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 1)  Depreciation on Tangible Assets  
                            323.97                             324.57 
 2)  Amortisation on Intangible Assets 
                              69.96                               57.97 
 TOTAL                             393.93                             382.54 
NOTE 26
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 Direct Expenses towards provision of services/sale of goods 
 1)  Payment to vendors/service providers 
                         2,161.26                          1,863.96 
 2)  Rights purchased for resale 
                                    -                                 87.14 
                         2,161.26                          1,951.10 
 Other Expenses 
 1)  Advertisement Expense 
                                2.15                                 2.22 
 2)  Payment to Auditors 
                                3.17                                 3.23 
 3)  Business Promotion Expense 
                              34.74                               45.53 
 4)  Brokerage and Commission Expenses 
                            249.65                             263.71 
 5)  Cash Discount on Sale 
                              16.83                               22.79 
 6)  Computer and Software Maintainence Charges 
                              55.03                               46.10 
 7)  Conveyance Expenses 
                                9.49                                 4.01 
 8)  CSR Expenses 
                              26.80                               23.60 
 9)  Donation 
                              24.98                               67.34 
 10)  Forwarding Expenses 
                              31.18                               16.57 
 11)  Forex Loss 
                                2.50                                     -   
 12)  Insurance Expenses 
                              39.54                               30.68 
 13)  Other Expenses 
                              54.55                               47.81 
 14)  Packing Materials consumed 
                            502.57                             588.24 
 15) Postage & Courier Expenses
                              95.40                             134.59 
 16) Printing & Stationery Expenses
                              16.15                               10.28 
 17)  Legal & Professional Fees 
                            325.70                             328.25 
 18)  Rent Expense 
                            139.26                               99.94 
 19)  Repairs and Maintainence 
                              16.92                               24.73 
 20)  Sales Promotion Expenses 
                              80.02                             169.64 
 21)  Telephone Expenses 
                              16.86                               12.24 
 22)  Travelling Expenses 
                              10.33                               44.71 
 23)  Designing Charges 
                                    -                                   5.08 
                         1,753.84                          1,991.29 
 TOTAL                          3,915.10                          3,942.39 
 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE 
 FINANCE EXPENSES 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 PARTICULARS 
 OTHER EXPENSES 
134

[page 138]
31.03.2025
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 1)  Statutory Audit Fees 
                                2.00                                 2.25 
 2)  Tax Audit Fees 
                                    -                                       -   
 3)  Income Tax and Other Matters 
                                0.56                                 0.62 
 TOTAL                                 2.56                                 2.87 
 (*above amounts are excluding indirect tax) 
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
₹
₹
 1)  Provision for Current Tax 
                            459.35                             559.69 
 2)  Provision for Deferred Tax 
                            (15.55)                            (48.66)
 3)  Short Provision of earlier year 
                                8.51                             (14.66)
 TOTAL                             452.31                             496.37 
31.03.2026
 31.03.2025 
₹
 ₹ 
 1)  Net Profit after Tax (Rs.) 
                         1,013.21                          1,209.23 
 2)  Adjusted weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
(No.in lakhs) 
                            187.79                             181.72 
 3)  Basic and Diluted Earning Per Share (Rs.) 
                                5.40                                 6.65 
 4)  Nominal Value Per Share (Rs.) 
                                   10                                    10 
 EARNING PER EQUITY SHARES (EPS) 
 NOTE 26A 
 NOTE 28 
 PARTICULARS 
 NOTE 27 
 PARTICULARS 
 TAX EXPENSES 
 DETAILS OF PAYMENT MADE TO AUDITORS 
 PARTICULARS 
135

[page 139]
 (₹ in lakhs) 
NOTE 29
RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
i)
Key Managerial Personnel & Relatives
Directors/KMP of Holding Company
Mahesh Makhija - Managing Director
Dr.Deena Nath Pathak - Director
Toral Bhadra - Company Secretary
Sejal Mhatre - CFO
Directors of Subsidiary Company
Ranjeeta Vinil - Director
Mohit Tamhankar - Director
Rajesh Jha - Director / CEO
Relatives of Directors
Guddi Makhija - Wife of Director
Diti Makhija - Daughter of Director
Vivin Vinil - Relative of Director
Vinil Venugopal - Relative of Director
Rakhi Jha - Relative of Director
Entities in which Director/KMP are interested
1,00,000
                              
Prometheus Healthcare Pvt. Ltd - Common Director
Marine Blue Technology Pvt Ltd - Common Director
Mayukh Healthcare LLP
ii)
Related Party Transaction
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 (i)  With Key Managerial Personnel & Relatives 
       1  Directors Remuneration  
 Mahesh Makhija 
                                 210.50                                       168.00 
 Guddi Makhija 
                                         -                                             5.00 
 Dr. Deena Nath Pathak  
                                   26.20                                         15.28 
 Mohit Tamhankar  
                                         -                                             5.98 
 Rajesh Jha 
                                   20.43                                           5.98 
                                         -                                                 -   
       2  Salary & Bonus 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Guddi Makhija 
                                   29.00                                         14.00 
 Diti Makhija 
                                   19.10                                         13.65 
 Toral Bhadra 
                                     7.20                                           6.00 
 Sejal Mhatre 
                                   14.68                                         13.58 
                                         -                                                 -   
       3  Expenses incurred on behalf of the company 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Mahesh Makhija 
                                         -                                             8.73 
 Diti makhija 
                                     0.89                                           4.08 
 Mohit Tamhankar 
                                     0.03                                               -   
                                         -                                                 -   
       4  Consultancy & Professional Charges  
                                         -                                                 -   
 Dr. Deena Nath Pathak  
                                         -                                             1.85 
 Ranjeeta Vinil 
                                     2.89                                         36.00 
 Mohit Tamhankar 
                                   16.20                                           5.00 
 Prometheus Healthcare Pvt. Ltd 
                                         -                                             3.42 
 Vinil Venugopal 
                                         -                                           18.36 
 Rajesh Jha 
                                         -                                             5.99 
 Rakhi Jha 
                                     0.72                                           1.26 
 Vinil Venugopal 
                                         -                                           18.36 
                                         -                                                 -   
       5  Rent Expense 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Mahesh Makhija 
                                     2.40                                               -   
 Ranjeeta Vinil 
                                   50.34                                         62.63 
                                         -                                                 -   
PARTICULARS
 QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
136

[page 140]
       6  Commision 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Ranjeeta Vinil 
                                         -                                           41.22 
 Rajesh Jha 
                                     5.80                                               -   
                                         -                                                 -   
       7  Interest on Loan received 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Marine Blue Technology Pvt Ltd 
                                         -                                             0.12 
                                         -                                                 -   
       8  Professional Income 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Prometheus Healthcare Pvt. Ltd 
                                     0.18                                           3.21 
                                         -                                                 -   
       9  Loan Accepted  
                                         -                                                 -   
 Mahesh Makhija Loan 
                                 117.89                                    1,246.98 
 Guddi Makhija Loan 
                                         -                                         100.00 
                                         -                                                 -   
     10  Loan Repaid 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Mahesh Makhija Loan 
                                 117.89                                    1,246.98 
 Guddi Makhija Loan 
                                         -                                         100.00 
                                         -                                                 -   
     11  Advance 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Prometheus Healthcare Pvt. Ltd 
                                     0.35                                               -   
iii)
Balances at the end of year 
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
₹
₹
 (i) 
Advance for expenses
       1  Mahesh Makhija 
-
                                       
2.47
                                          
       2  Diti Makhija 
-
                                       
0.52
                                          
-
                                       
-
                                            
 (ii)  Rent Payable 
-
                                       
-
                                            
       1  Mahesh Makhija 
0.94
                                     
-
                                            
-
                                       
-
                                            
 (iii)  Rent Deposit  
-
                                       
-
                                            
       1  Mahesh Makhija 
0.39
                                     
-
                                            
-
                                       
-
                                            
 (iv)  Amount Payables 
-
                                       
-
                                            
       1  Ranjeeta Vinil 
-
                                       
2.31
                                          
       2  Mohit Tamhankar  
0.71
                                     
0.67
                                          
       3  Rajesh Jha 
1.82
                                     
1.00
                                          
       4  Mahesh Makhija 
3.50
                                     
-
                                            
-
                                       
-
                                            
 (iv)  Amount Receivables 
-
                                       
-
                                            
       1  Prometheus Healthcare Pvt. Ltd 
0.55
                                     
1.80
                                          
NOTE 30
INFORMATION UNDER SECTION 186(4) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013.
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
 ₹ 
 ₹ 
 One Billion Diagnostics Pvt Ltd 
133
                                      
295
                                           
NOTE 31
EXPENSES INCURRED IN FOREIGN CURRENCY
Particulars
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
CIF Value of Imports
2,254.30
                              
1,397.77
                                   
Professional Fees -Educational Module
                                   40.20                                         87.14 
Internet expenses
14.70
                                   
6.24
                                          
Travelling Charges
                                         -                                             1.27 
Sales Promotion
1.09
                                     
-
                                            
NOTE 32
PARTICULARS
PARTICULARS
 Loan given to unrelated corporate entity bears an interest rate of 9%p.a and the same is advanced for business purposes. 
137

[page 141]
Particulars
 31.03.2026 
 31.03.2025 
Payables
304.00
                                 
226.14
                                      
Advance for goods
33.39
                                   
121.32
                                      
NOTE 33
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
Disclosures as per AS 15:
Reconciliation of Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO)
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Present value of DBO at start of year
0.00
                                     
21.22
                                        
Current Service Cost
10.34
                                   
6.09
                                          
Interest Cost
2.18
                                     
1.11
                                          
Actuarial Loss/(Gain)
35.88
                                   
10.88
                                        
Present value of DBO at end of year
48.40
                                   
39.30
                                        
Expenses recognised in the Profit and Loss Account
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Current Service Cost
10.34
                                   
6.09
                                          
Interest Cost
2.18
                                     
1.11
                                          
Actuarial Loss/(Gain)
35.88
                                   
10.88
                                        
Employer Expenses
48.40
                                   
18.09
                                        
Net Liability/ (Asset) recognised in the Balance Sheet
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Present Value of DBO
48.40
                                   
39.30
                                        
Fair Value of Plan Assets
-
                                       
-
                                            
Net Liability/(Asset)
48.40
                                   
39.30
                                        
Liability/(Asset) recognised in the Balance Sheet
48.40
                                   
39.30
                                        
Of which, Short term Provision
22.65
                                   
11.61
                                        
Actuarial Assumptions 
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Salary Growth Rate
8.00% p.a.
8.00% p.a.
Discount Rate
6.89% p.a.
6.59% p.a.
 Withdrawal/ Attrition Rate 
 15.00% p.a. for all service 
groups 
 15.00% p.a. for all service 
groups 
Experience Adjustments 
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Defined Benefit Obligation
48.40
                                   
39.30
                                        
Fair Value of Plan Assets
-
                                       
-
                                            
Surplus/(Deficit)
(48.40)
                                  
(39.30)
                                       
Experience Adjustment on Plan Liabilities: (Gain)/Loss 
36.97
                                   
9.40
                                          
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to change in financial assumptions
(1.10)
                                    
2.64
                                          
Actuarial loss/(gain) due to change in demographic assumptions
-
                                       
(1.15)
                                         
Experience adjustments on  plan assets
-
                                       
-
                                            
Net actuarial loss/(gain) for the year
35.88
                                   
10.88
                                        
NOTE 34
AMOUNT DUE TO MICRO AND SMALL ENTERPRISES
Micro and Small enterprises have been identified by the Company on the basis of the information available. 
 PARTICULARS 
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
 a) 
 Dues remaining unpaid as at 31st March 
 Principal 
248.52
                                 
136.09
                                      
 Interest on the above 
2.92
                                     
4.10
                                          
 b) 
 Interest paid in terms of Section16 of the act along with amount of payment made to 
the supplier beyond the appointed day during the year. 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Principal paid beyond the appointed date 
                                         -                                                 -   
 Interest paid in terms of Section 16 of the act 
                                         -                                                 -   
 c) 
 Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay on payments made beyond 
the appointed day during the year 
                                         -                                                 -   
FOREIGN CURRENCY BALANCES
138

[page 142]
 d)  Further interest due and payable even in the succeeding years, until such date when 
the interest due as above are actually paid to the small enterprises. 
                                         -                                                 -   
 e) 
 Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid as at 31st March 
                                         -                                                 -   
139

[page 143]
 (₹ in lakhs) 
NOTE 35
DISCLOSURE RELATED TO TRADE PAYABLES :
3988157.11
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on 31.03.2026
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
i
MSME - Due
130.22
                             
80.90
                             
-
                           
-
                                
211.12
                     
ii
Others - Due
1,073.31
                          
1.06
                               
-
                           
-
                                
1,074.37
                  
iii
Disputed dues – MSME - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
iv
Disputed dues – Others - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
MSME - Undue
28.42
                               
8.98
                               
-
                           
-
                                
37.40
                       
Others - Undue
487.66
                             
32.70
                             
-
                           
-
                                
520.37
                     
Total
1,843.25
                  
Trade Payables Ageing Schedule as on 31.03.2025
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
i
MSME - Due
100.16
                             
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
100.16
                     
ii
Others - Due
916.35
                             
0.04
                               
-
                           
-
                                
916.39
                     
iii
Disputed dues – MSME - Due
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
iv
Disputed dues – Others - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
MSME - Undue
35.93
                               
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
35.93
                       
Others - Undue
637.06
                             
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
637.06
                     
Total
1,689.53
                  
NOTE 36
DISCLOSURE RELATED TO TRADE RECEIVABLES :
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as on 31.03.2026
Less than 
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year 
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
i
Undisputed Trade receivables – considered good - Due
3,030
                               
466
                                
416
                          
342
                                
110
                          
4,364
                         
ii
Undisputed Trade Receivables – considered doubtful - Due
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
iii
Disputed Trade Receivables considered good - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
iv
Disputed Trade Receivables considered doubtful - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
Total - Undue Trade Receivables
2,368
                               
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
2,368
                         
Total
6,732
                         
Trade Receivables Ageing Schedule as on 31.03.2025
Less than 
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year 
1-2 years
2-3 years
More than 
3 years
i
Undisputed Trade receivables – considered good - Due
3,696.78
                          
346.71
                           
165.13
                      
73.73
                             
41.77
                       
4,324
                         
ii
Undisputed Trade Receivables – considered doubtful - Due
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
iii
Disputed Trade Receivables considered good - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
iv
Disputed Trade Receivables considered doubtful - Due
-
                                  
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
-
                            
Total - Undue Trade Receivables
1,469
                               
-
                                
-
                           
-
                                
-
                          
1,469
                         
Total
5,793
                         
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Particulars
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
Total
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Total
140

[page 144]
NOTE 37
 (₹ in lakhs) 
CSR ACTIVITIES
Particulars
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
Amount required to be spent by the company during the year ended 31st March
26.8
23.6
Amount of expenditure incurred
-25.3
-25.0
Excess c/f from earlier years
-1.5
-0.1
Shortfall/(Excess) at the end of the period
0.0
-1.5
Total of previous years shortfall
-
                                  
-
                              
NOTE 38
NOTE ON SEGMENT REPORTING
NOTE 39
EVENTS OCCURING AFTER REPORTING DATE
Particulars 
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
i) Dividend paid during the year 
Final dividend for the year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31,2024  (Rs. 0.5 Per Share)
89.25
                              
89.25
                           
ii) Dividends not recognised at the end of the reporting period
Proposed dividend for the year ended on March 31, 2026 and March 31,2025 (Rs. 0.5 Per Share)
96.69
                              
89.25
                           
NOTE 40
CONTINGENT LIABILITY
Outstanding Demand under TDS
Financial Year
Amount
2022-23
                                 0.56 
2023-24
                                 0.19 
2024-25
                                 2.28 
2025-26
                                 2.28 
Total
5.30
                                
There are no outstanding demands under GST and Income Tax (Other than TDS as shown above).
NOTE 41
NOTE 42
No transactions to report against the following disclosure requirments as notified by MCA pursuant to amended schedule III :
(a)
Title deeds of Immovable Property not held in name of the Company.
(b)
Benami Property held under Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder
(c)
Compliance with number of layers of companies & approved scheme of arrangments
(d)
Delay in registration or Satisfaction of Charges with Registrar of Companies
(e)
Relating to Borrowed Funds
(i) Wilful defaulter 
(ii) Utilisation of Borrowed funds or share premium
(iii) Discrepancy in utilisation of borrowings
The Company did not have any material transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 
2013 or section 560 of the Companies Act, 1956 during the financial year.
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
NOTES FORMING PART OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Bank Guarantee amounting to Rs.1 crore is outstanding which has been given by bank on behalf of the company to one 
of its suppliers.
The Company is operating as a single segment company, engaged in “Healthcare Equipments/Supplies and Services” and hence there is no 
separate reportable business segments.
Dividend Declaration: The Board of Directors in their meeting have proposed a final dividend of ₹0.50 per equity share 
Activity.
141

[page 145]
(f)
Crypto Currency or Virtual Currency
(g)
The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
(i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of 
the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
(ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(h)
The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the
understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:
(i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding
Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
(ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
(i)
The Company does not have any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered or disclosed
 as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant 
provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961
(j)
Undisclosed Income
NOTE 43
PREVIOUS YEAR FIGURES
Previous year figures have been regrouped to comply with current period groupings.
142

[page 146]
NOTE 44
Note on Stock and Book debts statement submitted to bank
During the year the company has been sanctioned working capital(WC) limits in excess of Rs.5 crores, in agreegate from banks on the basis of security of current assets(CA).
The Company has filed quarterly returns or statements ('the statements') with such banks, which are in agreement with the books of accounts other than those as set out below.
(₹ in lakhs)
Name of the Bank
 Nature of 
CA offered 
as security 
Quarter 
Ended
 Amount 
disclosed as 
statements 
 Amount 
as per 
books 
 Difference on 
Gross Basis 
 Reason for 
difference 
Jun-25
7,039.31
                   
7,062.31
                           
23.00
                      
Sep-25
7,353.17
                   
7,116.50
                           
(236.66)
                   
Dec-25
7,427.82
                   
6,877.18
                           
(550.64)
                   
Mar-26
7,139.56
                   
7,275.70
                           
136.14
                    
Name of the Bank
 Nature of 
CA offered 
as security 
Quarter 
Ended
 Amount 
disclosed as 
statements 
 Amount 
as per 
books 
 Difference on 
Gross Basis 
 Reason for 
difference 
Jun-24
5,698.25
                   
5,683.38
                           
(14.87)
                     
Sep-24
5,209.49
                   
6,006.78
                           
797.29
                    
Dec-24
6,816.82
                   
6,761.13
                           
(55.68)
                     
Mar-25
6,876.66
                   
6,813.28
                           
(63.38)
                     
Note on Nature of Current Asset offered as security
 
 HDFC Bank/Citi Bank/Indusind 
Bank 
Refer Note below
 Variations are attributable to submission of 
statements to bank pending closure of 
quarterly accounting entries.
In Q2 advance to supplier was wrongly 
consider as supplier o/s balance. 
 (Secured against charge on present and future stocks and book debts, mortage on commercial premises of company, personal guarantee of Directors). 
QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED
 HDFC Bank/Citi Bank/Indusind 
Bank 
Refer Note below
 Variations are attributable to submission of 
statements to bank pending closure of 
quarterly accounting entries. 
143

[page 147]
NOTE 45
A) General Information about Consolidated Financial Statement
The Consolidated financial statements present the consolidated accounts of QMS Medical Allied Services Limited with its following Subsidiary:
31.03.2026
31.03.2025
A. Subsidiary
Saarathi Healthcare Pvt Ltd
India
76.00%
51.00%
B) Disclosures mandated by Schedule III of Companies Act 2013, by way of additional information:
As a % of 
consolidated net 
assets
Amount (Lakhs)
As a % of Share in 
Profit
Amount (Lakhs)
Parent Company
QMS Medical Allied Services Limited
91.45%
1,04,21,83,710
               
66.04%
6,69,08,202
            
Subsidiary Company
Saarathi Healthcare Pvt Ltd
35.72%
40,71,38,238
                  
51.58%
5,22,59,013
            
Minority Interest
8.57%
9,77,13,571
                    
-17.61%
-1,78,46,422
          
Elimination
-35.75%
-40,73,85,516
                
0.00%
-
                         
Group Total
100.00%
1,13,96,50,003
               
100.00%
10,13,20,793
          
 QMS MEDICAL ALLIED SERVICES LIMITED 
(CIN: L33309MH2017PLC299748)
Particulars
Country of 
Incorporation
Proportion of Ownership Interest
Name of Entity
Net Assets
Share in profit / (loss)
144

