
===== PAGE 1 =====
MENON BEARINGS LIMITED
17th August, 2022
MENON BEARINGS
To,
The Manager
Department of Corporate Services
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,
Dalal Street, Fort,
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 523828
To,
The Manager - Listing
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Exchange Plaza,
Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East),
Mumbai- 400 051
Symbol: MENONBE
Dear Sir / Ma'am,
Sub: Submission of copy of Annual Report along with the Notice of the 31 st Annual
General Meeting of Menon Bearings Limited pursuant to Regulation 34 of the SEBI
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34(1) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India
., (Listil1g Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we submit herewith
copy of the 31 st Annual ReportoftheCompany for the financial year 2021-22 along with the
Notice of the 31 st Annual General Meeting of the Company which is being sent only through
electronic mode to the members whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company /
Registrar and.Transfer.Agent I Depository Participants.
Further, please note that the 31 st Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held on
Thursday, 22nd September, 2022 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing / Other
Audio Visual Means, without physical presence of the members at a common venue in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules framed
thereunder read with General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated 8 th April, 2020, 17/2020 dated
13th April, 2020, 20/2020 dated 5 th May, 2020 and 02/2022 dated 5 th May, 2022 issued by the
Ministry of Corporate Affairs in this regard.
The copy of the Annual Report alongwith the Notice of the 31 st AGM is also available on the
website of the Company i.e. at www.menonbearings.in and on the website of Link Intime
India Private Limited i.e. at www.instavote.linkintime.co.in.
Kindly take the above on your record.
Thanks and Regards,
for MENON BEARINGS LIMITED
~kAJ.
N eha Harolikar
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.: A40901
1 A I REGD. OFfiCE & WORKS:
MIDC,:§URvt. SM~GAON, KOLHAPUR -416 234. INDIA
Phones: + 91 231 2672 279 J 533 J 487 Fax: + 91 231 2672278
E-mail: admin@menonbearings.in
Visit us at : http://www.menonbearings.in
CIN: L29130PN1991PLC062352

===== PAGE 2 =====
India’s leading engine bearings companyAnnual Report
2021-22
MENON BEARINGS LTD.

===== PAGE 3 =====
Contents
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 1
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
STATUTORY REPORTS
 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  02
 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  04
 
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 35
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 49
 .  .  .  .  .   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  60
  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 67
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 93
  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 101
 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  . .  .  .  .  . .  .  . 102
 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 103
  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  .  .  .  .  .   .  . 105
Board of Directors
st
Notice of 31  Annual General Meeting 
    
Board of Directors’ Report
  Secretarial Audit Report 
Management Discussion & Analysis  
Report on Corporate Governance 
Auditors’ Report 
Balance Sheet 
Statement of Profit & Loss 
Cash Flow Statement 
Notes to Financial Statements
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
===== PAGE 4 =====
Board of
Directors
 AUDITORSSTATUTORY
M/s. A R N A & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants, Kolhapur.
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS 
M/s. M BALDEVA ASSOCIATES,
Company Secretaries, Thane   
BANKERS :
HDFC BANK LTD
Kolhapur.
REGISTRAR AND SHARE 
TRANSFER AGENTS :
 LINK INTIME INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
  C-101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg,  
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083
  Phone : (022) 49186000, 49186270
Fax : (022) 49186060
  Email : rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in
REGISTERED OFFICE :
M. L. SHINDE Independent Director
ARUN ARADHYE Whole Time Director & CFO
R. D. DIXIT Managing Director
NEHA HAROLIKAR: Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur- 416 234,Maharashtra, India. Tel: 0231-2672 279 / 533 / 487, Fax: 0231-2672 278
              Email: admin@menonbearings.in, Website : www.menonbearings.in
GAJENDRA VASA Independent Director
(upto 27.10.2021)
KAILASH A. NEVAGI Independent Director
Independent DirectorDR. SANTOSH PRABHU
Executive ChairmanNITIN MENON
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D2
===== PAGE 5 =====
Dear Shareholders,
It is our privilege to write to you and present the Annual Report for FY22. We hope this letter finds 
you in good health.
The auto component industry showed a recovery in revenue growth, increasing by 13–15% for 
FY21–22, driven by demand from domestic OEMs; particularly tractor segment, parts replacement 
and export markets, as well as via passing through high commodity prices to end-customers.
As you all know, Menon Bearings is engaged into manufacturing of critical engine components 
having high entry barriers. We are delighted to share that your Company recorded a robust 
performance in terms of revenue, as well as profitability, despite a challenging business 
environment. Our Total Income grew by 31% to  Rs. 198 crore in FY 21-22 from Rs. 151 crore in FY 
20-21, EBITDA increased by 19% to Rs. 43 crore from Rs. 36 crore and PAT increased by 31 % to 
Rs. 25 crore from Rs. 19 crore. 
We continue to focus on enhancing revenue and profit by increasing market share, cost control 
measures, driving operational excellence, strengthening workforce and developing new products 
i.e. PTFE bushes. We always prioritised exceeding customer expectations and creating high 
customer value by providing high quality products with improved performance. The Company is 
successful in passing on part of the burden of increased input cost to Customers.
We made significant progress in terms of process improvements, technology adoption, quality 
management and developing of new products. These developments will enable us to grow our 
volume and revenues in coming years.
During the year, in view of the strong liquidity and profitability, the Company declared and paid 
interim dividend @200% for the FY 21-22 and tried to ensure that all stakeholders are happy.
The Strategic focus for FY 22-23 will be on increasing share of business with existing customers, 
focus on new customer acquisition, growth in exports & continuing investments. 
We would like to thank all our stakeholders including customers, suppliers, investors, shareholders 
and governments for their continued trust and support. We would also like to extend our deepest 
gratitude to our people for their contributions to our progress in a dynamic business environment.
STAY SAFE
MANAGEMENT NOTE
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 3
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 6 =====
st
Notice is hereby given that the 31  (Thirty First) Annual General Meeting of Menon Bearings Limited (CIN: nd
L29130PN1991PLC062352) (“Company”) will be held on Thursday, 22  September, 2022 at 11.00 A.M., through 
Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) without physical presence of the Members at a 
common venue, to transact the businesses mentioned below : 
                          
 ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year st
ended 31  March, 2022 along with the reports of the Board of Directors’ and Auditors’ thereon and in this 
regard, if thought fit, pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
st
“RESOLVED THAT the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31  
March, 2022 along with the reports of the Board of Directors’ and Auditors’ thereon be and are hereby 
received, considered and adopted.”
st
2. To take note of interim dividend paid for the financial year ended 31  March, 2022 and in this regard, if 
thought fit, pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution: 
“RESOLVED THAT the interim dividend of Rs. 2.00 per Equity Share on 5,60,40,000 Equity Shares having th
face value of Re. 1/- each declared on 20  October, 2021 and accordingly paid to the shareholders of the st
Company for the financial year ended 31  March 2022, be and is hereby noted.”     
3. To appoint a director in place of Mr. R. D. Dixit (DIN: 00626827), who retires by rotation and being eligible, 
offers himself for re-appointment as Director, and in this regard, if thought fit, pass the following resolution as 
an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. R. D. Dixit  
(DIN: 00626827), Director of the Company, who retired by rotation and being eligible, had offered himself for 
re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company, who shall be liable to retire by 
rotation.”
4. RE-APPOINTMENT OF M/S. A R N A & ASSOCIATES, CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS, AS 
STATUTORY  AUDITORS OF THE COMPANY AND TO FIX THEIR REMUNERATION:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 139, 141, 142 and all other applicable provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and pursuant to the 
recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, M/s. A R N A & 
st 
of 31 Annual General Meeting
Notice
MENON BEARINGS LIMITED
Regd. Office: G-1,MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur 416234
              Tel: 0231-2672 279/533/487, Fax: 0231-2672 278
              Email: admin@menonbearings.in, Website : www.menonbearings.in
CIN - L29130PN1991PLC062352
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D4
===== PAGE 7 =====
Associates, Chartered Accountants (FRN: 122293W), Kolhapur be and are hereby re-appointed as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company for another term of 5 (five) consecutive years, who shall hold office from st th
the conclusion of this 31  Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the 36  Annual General Meeting of st
the Company to be held for the financial year ending 31  March, 2027 to audit the Books of Account of the 
Company for the financial years from 2022-23 to 2026-27 on such remuneration as may be determined by 
the Board of Directors in consultation with the Statutory Auditors of the Company.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be deemed necessary or expedient or incidental thereto, 
including filing the requisite form, to give effect to this resolution.”
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
5. APPROVAL OF REMUNERATION PAYABLE TO COST AUDITORS:  
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory 
modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), M/s. C. S. Adawadkar & Co. Cost 
Accountants, Pune (FRN: 100401), the Cost Auditors appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company st
to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company for the financial year ending 31  March, 2023, be 
paid a remuneration of Rs.1,25,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Twenty Five Thousand only) plus taxes as 
applicable and out of pocket expenses on actual basis.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”
6. RE-APPOINTMENT OF MR. NITIN MENON AS EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN OF THE COMPANY:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 read with Schedule V and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013, read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and in accordance with the enabling provisions of the 
Articles of Association of the Company, as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and approved by the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, Mr. Nitin Menon (DIN: 
00692754), be and is hereby re-appointed as Executive Chairman of the Company for a further period of 5 st st
(five) years w.e.f. 1  April, 2023 to 31  March, 2028 at a remuneration as detailed below for a period of 3 st st
(three) years with effect from 1  April, 2023 to 31  March, 2026 with the authority to the Board of Directors of 
the Company to revise the terms, on recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
approval of the Audit Committee, with regard to the remuneration from time to time within the limits provided 
in the said Schedule V or any amendment thereto for the time being in force: 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 5
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 8 =====
Others:
1. Provident Fund: Company's contribution to Provident Fund will not exceed 12% of the salary per 
annum.
2. Gratuity: Gratuity will be paid as per normal Company's rules.
3. Car: Company's Car will be provided to Mr. Nitin Menon.
4. Conveyance: Actual.
5. Medical expenses (including Medical insurance): Actual incurred in India or abroad (including 
family members).
 These facilities will not be considered as perquisites.
6. Mr. Nitin Menon will be entitled to leave as per the rules of the Company as are applicable to other 
staff members of his category.
7. Whenever Mr. Nitin Menon is required to travel outstation within India or abroad on Company's 
duty, he shall be paid in the following manner (including for spouse):
 i.  Executive, First  Class  Air Fare / Charter / First Class  AC Rail Fare.
 ii.  Actual expenses to cover stay in hotels and cost of local conveyance.
8. Leave encashment will be provided as per the normal rules of the Company and encashment of 
such leave at the end of the tenure of service shall not be included in the computation of ceiling of 
remuneration or perquisites as aforesaid.
9. Leave Travel Assistance as per the rules.
10. Bonus / Ex-gratia as per the rules.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial year during 
the currency of tenure of service of Mr. Nitin Menon as Executive Chairman of the Company, the payment of 
salary, perquisites and other allowances as approved by this resolution shall be payable as minimum 
remuneration to him as per the provisions of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”
Amount
(Rs. in Lakh per month)
ParticularsSr.
No.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
Salary
House Rent Allowance
PPA
Production Incentive
Education Allowance
Soft Furnishing Allowance
Servant Allowance
Special Allowance 
12.00
0.50
1.00
7.00
0.75
0.50
0.50
1.50
Total 23.75
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D6
===== PAGE 9 =====
7.  RE-APPOINTMENT OF MR. R. D. DIXIT AS MANAGING DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY:
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 196, 197, 198 read with Schedule V and other 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act 2013, read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) and in accordance with the enabling provisions of the 
Articles of Association of the Company and as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and approved by the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, Mr. R. D. Dixit 
(DIN: 00626827)  be and is hereby re-appointed as Managing Director of the Company for a further period st st
of 5 (five) years w.e.f. 1  April, 2023 to 31  March, 2028 at a remuneration as detailed below for a period of 3 st st
(three) years with effect from 1  April, 2023 to 31  March, 2026 with the authority to the Board of Directors of 
the Company to revise the terms, on recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and approval of the Audit Committee, with regard to the remuneration from time to time within the limits 
provided in the said Schedule V or any amendment thereto for the time being in force:
Amount
(Rs. in Lakh per month)
ParticularsSr.
No.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
Salary
House Rent Allowance
PPA
Production Incentive
Education Allowance
Soft Furnishing Allowance
Servant Allowance
5.00
0.50
1.25
0.50
0.40
0.40
0.60
8.65
Total
Others:
1. Provident Fund: Company's contribution to Provident Fund will not exceed 12% of the salary per     
 annum.
2. Car: Company's Car will be provided to Mr. R. D. Dixit.
3. Conveyance: Actual.
4. Medical expenses: Actual.
 These facilities will not be considered as perquisites.
5. Mr. R. D. Dixit will be entitled to leave as per the rules of the Company as are applicable to other staff 
 members of his category.
6. Whenever Mr. R. D. Dixit is required to travel outstation within India or abroad on Company's duty, 
 he shall be paid in the following manner:
 i.  Executive  Air Fare / First Class  AC Rail Fare.
 ii.  Actual expenses to cover stay in hotels and cost of local conveyance. 
7. Leave encashment will be provided as per the normal rules of the Company and encashment of             
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 7
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 10 =====
such leave at the end of the tenure of service shall not be included in the computation of ceiling of 
remuneration or perquisites as aforesaid.
8. Leave Travel Assistance as per the rules.
9. Bonus / Ex-gratia as per the rules.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial year during 
the currency of tenure of service of Mr. R.D. Dixit as Managing Director of the Company, the payment of 
salary, perquisites and other allowances as approved by this resolution shall be payable as minimum 
remuneration to him as per the provisions of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”
8. RE-APPOINTMENT OF MRS. KAILASH NEVAGI AS AN INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR OF THE  
     COMPANY:
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 152 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Schedule IV thereto read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of 
Directors) Rules, 2014, as per the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for 
the time being in force), and in accordance with the enabling provisions of the Articles of Association of the 
Company and as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Board of 
Directors of the Company, Mrs. Kailash Nevagi (DIN:03011076 and ID Registration number- IDDB-DI-th
202002-009860), who holds office as an Independent Director of the Company upto 15  April, 2023 and in 
respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a member as required under Section 
160 of the Companies Act, 2013 proposing her candidature for the office of Director of the Company and 
who has submitted the declaration that she meets the criteria for independence as provided under the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
be and is hereby re-appointed as an Independent Director (Non-Executive) of the Company for a second th
term of 5 (five) consecutive years w.e.f.16  April, 2023, who shall not be liable to retire by rotation.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”
9. APPROVAL FOR REMUNERATION PAYABLE TO MR. ARUN ARADHYE, WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR 
    AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER OF THE COMPANY:
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provisions of Sections 197, 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act 2013, (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, 
for the time being in force) and as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
approved by the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company, the below detailed 
remuneration payable to Mr. Arun Aradhye (DIN: 03052587), Whole Time Director and Chief Financial st
Officer of the Company for the remaining period of his current tenure i.e. with effect from 1  February, 2022 th
to 30  January, 2024 be and is hereby approved, with the authority to the Board of Directors of the Company 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D8
===== PAGE 11 =====
to revise the terms, on recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval of 
the Audit Committee, with regard to the remuneration from time to time within the limits provided in the said 
Schedule V or any amendment thereto for the time being in force:
Amount
(Rs. in Lakh per month)
ParticularsSr.
No.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
Salary
House Rent Allowance
PPA
Medical Allowances
Education Allowance
Soft Furnishing Allowance
3.00
1.00
0.20
0.90
0.50
0.15
Total
7
8.
Servant Allowance
Other Allowance 
0.10
0.10
5.95
Others: 
   1. Provident Fund: Company's contribution to Provident Fund will not exceed 12% of the salary per 
 annum.
   2. Car: Company's Car will be provided to Mr. Arun Aradhye.
   3. Conveyance: Actual
   4. Medical expenses: Actual
 These facilities will not be considered as perquisites.
   5. Mr. Arun Aradhye will be entitled to leave as per the rules of the Company as are applicable to other 
 staff members of his category.
   6. Whenever Mr. Arun Aradhye is required to travel outstation within India or abroad on Company's 
 duty, he shall be paid in the following manner:
 i.  Executive  Air Fare / First Class  AC Rail Fare
 ii. Actual expenses to cover stay in hotels and cost of local conveyance.
   7. Leave encashment will be provided as per the normal rules of the Company and encashment of  
 such leave at the end of the tenure of service shall not be included in the computation of ceiling of 
 remuneration or perquisites as aforesaid.
   8. Leave Travel Assistance as per the rules.
   9. Bonus / Ex-gratia as per the rules.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in the event of absence or inadequacy of profits in any financial year during 
the currency of tenure of service of Mr. Arun Aradhye as Whole Time Director and Chief Financial Officer of 
the Company, the payment of salary, perquisites and other allowances as approved by this resolution shall 
be payable as minimum remuneration to him as per the provisions of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 
2013.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do 
all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 9
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 12 =====
10.  REVISION IN MONETARY LIMITS FOR TRANSACTIONS WITH M/S. MANI AUTO COMPONENTS,   
        A PARTNERSHIP FIRM:
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 188 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with rules made there under and Regulation 23(4) of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (including any statutory modification(s) and 
re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the consent of the members of the Company be and is 
hereby accorded to revise the monetary limits for the transactions to be held with the following related party, st
in which Mr. Nitin Menon, Executive Chairman of the Company is interested, for the period from 1  April, st
2022 to 31  March, 2024 for sale, purchase or supply of goods, or property of any kind, whether movable 
or immovable and availing or rendering of any services for the values as follows:
Name of the Related party Approximate Value of Transactions
 (Rs. in Lakh)
M/s. Mani Auto Components, Partnership firm
2022-23
6000.00
2023-24
7000.00
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”
11.  REVISION IN REMUNERATION PAYABLE TO MR. ADITYA MENON, EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT TO  
       CHAIRMAN OF THE COMPANY:
To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 188 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 15 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 
(including any statutory modification(s) and re-enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force), the consent 
of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded for revision in the remuneration payable to st
Mr. Aditya Menon, Executive Assistant to Chairman of the Company w.e.f. 1  October, 2022 as follows:
Amount
(Rs. in Lakh per month)
ParticularsSr.
No.
Basic Salary 
House Rent Allowance
PPA
1.
2.
3
2.00
0.80
0.20
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D10
4.
5.
6.
Medical Allowance 
Education Allowance 
Soft Furnishing Allowance
0.40
0.40
0.10
7. Servant Allowance 0.05
3.95Total
===== PAGE 13 =====
Others:
     1. Provident Fund: Company's contribution to Provident Fund will not exceed 12% of the salary per 
 annum.
     2. Gratuity: Gratuity will be paid as per normal Company's rules.
     3. Leave encashment will be provided as per the normal rules of the Company and encashment of 
 such leave at the end of the tenure of service.
     4. Bonus / Ex-gratia as per the rules.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”
By order of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN : 00692754
Place
Date
: Kolhapurth
: 20  July, 2022
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 11
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 14 =====
Notes:
 
1. In view of the continuing Covid-19 pandemic situation and as aftermath precautionary measures, the th
Ministry of Corporate Affairs has, vide its General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated 8 April, 2020, 17/2020  th th th
dated 13 April, 2020, 20/2020 dated 5 May, 2020 and 02/2022 dated 5  May, 2022 (collectively 
referred to as “MCA Circulars”), permitted the holding of the General Meetings through Video 
Conferencing (“VC”) or Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) without physical presence of the st
members at a common venue. Accordingly, the 31  Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company 
is being convened through VC / OAVM. In accordance with the Secretarial Standard -2 on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India ("ICSI") read with Clarification / th st
Guidance dated 15  April, 2020 issued by ICSI, the the proceedings of the 31  AGM shall be deemed to 
be conducted at the Registered Office of the Company situated at G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, 
Kolhapur–416234, Maharashtra, India.
2. Further, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI") has, vide its Circular No. th 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD2/CIR/P/2022/62 dated 13 May, 2022 (“SEBI Circular”), given relaxation from 
sending hard copy of Annual Report containing salient features of all the documents prescribed in 
Section 136 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act") and proxy forms as required under Regulation 44(4) of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
to the members who have not registered their email addresses in case of general meetings held 
through electronic mode.
 
3. The Company has appointed Link Intime India Private Limited to provide Video Conferencingfacility st 
for conducting this 31  AGM.
4. Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to 
appoint proxy to attend and vote, on his / her behalf and the proxy need not be a member of the st 
Company. Since this 31 AGM is being held pursuant to the MCA Circulars through VC / OAVM, 
physical attendance of members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of 
proxies by the members will not be available for this AGM and hence the Proxy Form, Attendance Slip st
and route map for the 31  AGM are not annexed to this Notice.
5. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act setting out material facts in respect of 
Ordinary Business under item no. 4 and Special Business under item nos. 5 to 11 of the Notice, is 
annexed hereto and forms part of this notice.
6. Brief resume of directors proposed to be re-appointed and whose remuneration is being approved at st
the ensuing 31  AGM in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard 
on General Meetings (SS-2) is annexed to the Notice.
7. Institutional / Corporate Shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI, etc.) are requested to 
send scanned copy (PDF/JPG format) of their Board Resolution, passed pursuant to Section 113 of the 
Act, authorizing their representative to attend the AGM through VC / OAVM on their behalf and to vote 
through remote e-voting / e-voting during the AGM. The said resolution shall be sent to the Scrutinizer 
by e-mail through their registered email address at manish@csmanishb.in  with copy marked to the 
Company at admin@menonbearings.in and to RTA at instameet@linkintime.co.in.   
8. The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained under 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D12
===== PAGE 15 =====
Section 170 of the Act, and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the directors are 
interested, maintained under Section 189 of the Act and all documents referred to in the notice of the st
31  AGM, will be available for inspection by the Members on request by sending e-mail to  
admin@menonbearings.in. 
9. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 91 of the Act and Regulation 42 of the Listing Regulations, the 
Register of Members and the Share Transfer Books of the Company will remain closed from Friday, th nd 
16  September, 2022 to Thursday, 22 September, 2022 (both days inclusive) for the purpose of the st
ensuing 31  AGM.
10. Members are requested to intimate changes, if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, e-mail 
address, telephone / mobile numbers, Permanent Account Number (“PAN”), mandates, nominations, 
power of attorney, bank details such as, name of the bank and branch details, bank account number, 
MICR code, IFSC code, etc.
· For shares held in electronic form: To their respective Depository Participants only and not to the 
Company's RTA. Changes intimated to the Depository Participants will then be automatically reflected 
in the Company's records which will help the Company and its RTA in providing efficient and better 
services to the members. 
· For shares held in physical form: To the Company's RTA in prescribed Form ISR -1 and other forms 
as prescribed by the SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2021/655 rd 
dated 3 November, 2021, as per instructions mentioned in the form. The said forms can be 
downloaded from the Company's website available under Investors section.
th 
11. SEBI vide its notification dated 24 January, 2022 has amended Regulation 40 of the Listing 
Regulations and has mandated that all requests for transfer of securities including requests for 
transmission or transposition of securities shall be processed only in dematerialised form. In view of 
the same and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits of 
dematerialization, members are advised to dematerialize the shares held by them in physical form, so 
they can transfer their shares in future, if so desire. Members can contact the Company or our RTA for 
assistance in this regard. However, members can continue to hold shares in physical form.
12. Members may please note that the SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_th 
 RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25 January, 2022 has mandated the listed companies to issue securities 
in dematerialized form only while processing service requests viz. issue of duplicate securities 
certificate, claim from unclaimed suspense account, renewal / exchange of securities certificate, 
endorsement, sub-division / splitting of securities certificate, consolidation of securities certificates / 
folios, transmission and transposition. The relevant forms can be downloaded from the Company's 
website available under Investors section. Accordingly, members are requested to make service 
requests by submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR-4. It may be noted that any service request 
can be processed only after the folio is KYC Compliant. Upon receipt of service request(s) from 
shareholder / claimant, the RTA of the Company shall verify and process the said request, and after 
removing objections, if any, intimate the shareholder / claimant about its execution / issuance of new 
certificate, as may be applicable. The RTA shall retain the physical Share Certificate with them and 
shall issue 'Letter of Confirmation' to the shareholder / claimant in lieu of physical share certificate(s). 
The shareholder / claimant shall lodge a request for dematerialization of shares along with the original 
Letter of Confirmation received from RTA within 120 days (One Hundred and Twenty days) of issue of 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 13
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 16 =====
the Letter of Confirmation to his Depository Participant (DP). In case the shareholder / claimant fails to 
submit the demat request within the aforesaid period, the Company shall credit shares to Suspense 
Escrow Demat Account of the Company opened for the said purpose. 
13. In case of joint holders attending the meeting, the joint holder with highest in order of names will be 
entitled to vote.
14. Members seeking any information with regard to the accounts or any matter to be placed at the AGM, 
are requested to write to the Company on or before 48 hours prior to the date of AGM, through email on 
admin@menonbearings.in. The same will be replied by the Company suitably.
15. The SEBI has made it mandatory for all companies to use the bank account details furnished by the 
depositories for depositing dividend through National Electronic Clearing Service (NECS) to investors 
wherever NECS and bank details are available if the Company proposes to avail NECS Facility. The 
members who have not updated their bank account details and wish to avail such facility in future are 
requested to update their bank account details by submitting form ISR-1 and ISR-2, available on 
Company's website viz. https://www.menonbearings.in under Investors section. 
16. Members holding shares in physical form, in identical order of names, in more than one folio are 
requested to send to the Company's RTA, the details of such folios together with the share certificates 
alongwith the requisite KYC documents for consolidating their holdings in one folio. Requests for 
consolidation of share certificates shall be processed in dematerialized form only.
17. Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 124 and 125 of the Act, the Company has transferred the unpaid 
or unclaimed dividend declared for the financial years upto 2013-14 to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (“IEPF”) established by the Central Government.
18. Pursuant to the provisions of Investor Education and Protection Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and 
Refund) Rules, 2016, the Company has uploaded on its website the details of unpaid and unclaimed 
amount of dividend lying with the Company for the financial year 2014-15 and onwards. The balance 
amount lying in Unpaid Dividend Account for the financial year 2014-15 is due for transfer to the IEPF 
during the month of August, 2022. Members, who have not encashed their dividend for the financial 
year 2014-15 or thereafter, are advised to write to the Company immediately claiming dividends 
declared by the Company.
19. Attention of the members is drawn to the provisions of Section 124(6) of the Act which require a 
company to transfer in the name of IEPF Authority all shares in respect of which dividend has not been 
paid or claimed for 7 (seven) consecutive years or more.
20. In accordance with the aforesaid provisions of Section 124(6) of the Act read with the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended, 
the Company has transferred 1,83,800 equity shares in respect of which dividend declared for the 
financial year 2013-14 or earlier financial years remained unpaid or unclaimed by the members for 7 
(seven) consecutive years or more to the Investor Education and Protection Fund via Corporate Action 
through National Securities Depository Limited.
21. A member desirous to claim back his shares from IEPF Authority can do so by following procedure as 
prescribed under the said Rules. The aforesaid details are available on the Company's website viz.   
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D14
===== PAGE 17 =====
www.menonbearings.in and have also been uploaded on the website of the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs and the same can be accessed through the link: http://www.mca.gov.in and on the website of 
IEPF viz. http://www.iepf.gov.in. Further, the Company has initiated necessary action for transfer of all 
shares in respect of which dividend declared upto financial year 2014-15 and has remained unpaid or 
unclaimed by the members for 7 (seven) consecutive years or more.
22. The SEBI has mandated the submission of Permanent Account Number (“PAN”) by every participant 
in the securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are therefore requested to submit 
their respective PAN details to their respective Depository Participants with whom they have their 
demat account(s). Further, the SEBI has mandated the submission of PAN, KYC details and st st 
nomination by holders of physical securities by 31  March, 2023, and linking PAN with Aadhaar by 31rd th
March, 2022 vide its circulars dated 3  November, 2021 and 14  December, 2021 respectively.  Thus, 
the shareholders are requested to submit their PAN, KYC and nomination details to the company's 
RTA at rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in. The forms for updating the aforesaid details are available at 
www.menonbearings.in under Investors section. Members holding shares in electronic form are, 
therefore, requested to submit their PAN to their depository participant(s). In case a holder of physical 
securities fails to furnish these details or link their PAN with Aadhaar before the due dates, our RTA will 
be obligated to freeze such folios. The securities in the frozen folios shall be eligible to receive 
payments (including dividend) and lodge grievances only after furnishing the complete documents. If st 
the securities continue to remain frozen as on 31 December, 2025, the RTA / Company shall refer such 
securities to the administering authority under the Benami Transactions (Prohibitions) Act, 1988, and / 
or the Prevention of Money Laundering  Act, 2002. 
23. As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act and the aforesaid SEBI Circulars, the facility for making 
nomination is available for the members in respect of the shares held by them. Members who have not 
yet registered their nomination are requested to register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. If a 
member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh nomination, he / she may 
submit the same in Form ISR-3 or Form SH-14 as the case may be. The said forms can be downloaded 
from the Company's website available under Investors section. Members are requested to submit 
these details to their DP in case the shares are held in electronic form, and to the RTA of the Company 
in case the shares are held in physical form.
24. Non-Resident Indian members are requested to inform the Company's RTA immediately of any 
change in their residential status on return to India for permanent settlement, their bank account 
maintained in India with complete name, branch, account type, account number and address of the 
bank with pin code, if the details are not furnished earlier.
25. In case the shareholder's e-mail id is already registered with the Company / its RTA / Depositories, log 
in details for e-voting are being sent on the registered email address.
26. Members are requested to forward all communications to the RTA of the Company and are further 
requested to always quote their Folio Number / DPID-Client ID in all correspondences with the 
Company. 
27. To support the 'Green Initiative', members who have not yet registered their e-mail addresses are 
requested to register the same with their DPs in case the shares are held by them in electronic form and 
with RTA  in case the shares are held by them in physical form.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 15
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 18 =====
st
28. In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars and SEBI Circular, Notice of the 31  AGM along with 
the Annual Report 2021-22 is being sent only through electronic mode to those members whose email 
addresses are registered with the Company / Depository Participants. Members may note that the 
Notice and Annual Report 2021-22 will also be available on the Company's website 
www.menonbearings.in, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively and on the 
website of RTA at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in.
29. In case of joint holders, the member whose name appears as the first holder in the order of names as 
per the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners of the Company will be entitled to vote at the st
31  AGM.
st
30. Members can join the 31  AGM through the VC / OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the 
scheduled time of the commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the st
Notice. The facility of participation at the 31  AGM through VC / OAVM will be made available to at least 
1000 members on first come first serve basis; however this limit does not include large Shareholders 
(Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and Stakeholders' Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend the 
AGM without restriction on account of first come first serve basis.
st
31. Members attending the 31  AGM through VC / OAVM shall be counted for the purpose of reckoning the 
quorum under Section 103 of the Act.
ST
INSTRUCTIONS FOR E-VOTING AND JOINING THE 31 AGM ARE AS FOLLOWS:
A. VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS :
a. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and 
Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI, the Company is pleased to 
provide e-voting facility to its members to cast their votes electronically on the resolutions mentioned in st th
the Notice of the 31 AGM of the Company dated 20  July, 2022.The members may cast their votes 
using an electronic voting system from a place other than the venue of the meeting ('remote e-voting').
b. The Company has engaged services of Link Intime India Private Limited to provide the e-voting facility.
c. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register of Members or in the List of Beneficial Owners 
maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote 
e-voting or e-voting during the AGM.
th
d. The remote e-voting period shall commence on Monday, 19  September, 2022 (9.00 A.M.) and end on st
Wednesday, 21  September, 2022 (5.00 P.M.). During this period, members of the Company holding th
shares either in physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 15  
September, 2022 may cast their vote electronically. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by 
Link Intime India Private Limited for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by a 
shareholder, the shareholder shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. Those members, who are 
present in the AGM through VC / OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the Resolutions through 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D16
===== PAGE 19 =====
remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting st
system during the 31 AGM.
e. The voting rights of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid up equity share capital th
of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 15  September, 2022.  Any person, who acquires 
shares of the Company and becomes a member of the Company after sending of the Notice and 
holding shares as of the cut-off date, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at 
enotices@linkintime.co.in. 
f. The members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend / 
participate in the AGM through VC / OAVM, but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
g. The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed CS Manish Baldeva, Proprietor of M/s. M 
Baldeva Associates, Company Secretaries, Thane (FCS No.: 6180 / CP No.: 11062) as Scrutinizer to st
scrutinize the e-voting process i.e. remote e-voting and e-voting during the 31  AGM in a fair and 
transparent manner. The Scrutinizer shall within 2 working days of the conclusion of the AGM, prepare 
a consolidated Scrutinizer's Report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, and forthwith the 
same to the Chairman or a person authorised by him in writing, who shall countersign the same and 
declare the results of the voting.
h. The results declared along with the Consolidated Scrutinizer's Report shall be placed on the website of 
the Company www.menonbearings.in and on the website of Link Intime India Private Limited 
https://instavote.linkintime.co.in immediately. The Company shall simultaneously communicate the 
results to National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Ltd., where the shares of the Company 
are listed.
I. Subject to receipt of requisite number of votes in favour, the resolutions shall be deemed to be passed nd
on the date of the meeting i.e. Thursday, 22  September, 2022.
Remote e-voting instructions for shareholders:
th 
        As per the SEBI circular dated 9  December, 2020, individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode can register directly with the Depository or will have the option of accessing various ESP portals 
directly from their demat accounts.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
1. Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL:
a) Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL viz.https://eservices.nsdl.com  either on 
a personal computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the "Beneficial Owner" icon 
under "Login"" which is available under 'IDeAS' section, this will prompt you to enter your existing User 
ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under 
Value added services. Click on "Access to e-Voting" under e-Voting services and you will be able to see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name i.e. LINKINTIME and you 
will be re-directed to “InstaVote” website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 17
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 20 =====
b) If you are not  registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at 
httpa://eservices.nsdl.com Select "Register Online for IDeAS Portal" or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
c) Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a personal computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-
Voting system is launched, click on the icon "Login" which is available under 'Shareholder / Member' 
section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen-digit demat 
account number hold with NSDL), Password / OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-
Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name i.e. LINKINTIME and you will 
be redirected to “InstaVote” website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
2. Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with CDSL:
a) Existing users who have opted for Easi / Easiest, can login through their user id and password. Option 
will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The URL for users to 
login to Easi / Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or www.cdslindia.com and 
click on New System Myeasi.
b) After successful login of Easi / Easiest the user will be able to see the e-voting menu. The menu will 
have links of e-voting service provider i.e. LINKINTIME. Click on LINKINTIME and you will be 
redirected to “InstaVote” website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
c) If the user is not registered for Easi / Easiest, option to register is available at 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration.
d) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing demat account number and PAN 
No. from a link in www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending 
OTP on registered Mobile and e-mail as recorded in the demat Account. After successful 
authentication, user will be provided links for the respective ESP i.e. LINKINTIME. Click on 
LINKINTIME and you will be redirected to “InstaVote” website for casting your vote during the remote 
e-voting period.
3. Individual Shareholders (holding securities in demat mode) login through their depository 
participants:
  You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL / CDSL for e-Voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see e-
Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository site after 
successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting 
service provider name i.e. LINKINTIME and you will be redirected to “InstaVote” website for casting 
your vote during the remote e-Voting period.
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in physical form is given below:
      Individual Shareholders of the company, holding shares in physical form as on the cut-off date for e-
voting may register for e-voting facility of Link Intime India Private Limited as under:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D18
===== PAGE 21 =====
1. Open the internet browser and launch the URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in.
   
2. Click on “Sign Up” under 'SHARE HOLDER' tab and register with your following details:- 
A.   User ID: Shareholders holding shares in physical form shall provide Event No + Folio Number 
registered with the Company. 
B.    PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN) (Shareholders who have not updated 
their PAN with the Depository Participant (DP) / Company shall use the sequence number provided to 
you, if applicable. 
C.    DOB / DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded with your DP / 
Company - in DD/MM/YYYY format).
D.     Bank Account Number: Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as recorded with your DP 
/ Company. 
*Shareholders / members holding shares in physical form but have not recorded 'C' and 'D', shall provide 
their Folio number in 'D' above
-     Set the password of your choice (The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one 
special Character (@!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter). 
-       Click “confirm” (Your password is now generated). 
3. Click on 'Login' under 'SHARE HOLDER' tab. 
4. Enter your User ID, Password and Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code and click on 'Submit'. 
Cast your vote electronically:
1. After successful login, you will be able to see the notification for e-voting. Select 'View' icon. 
2. E-voting page will appear. 
3. Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option 'Favour / 
Against' (If you wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the 'View Resolution' file link). 
4. After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on 'Submit'. A confirmation box will be 
displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on 'Yes', else to change your vote, click on 'No' and 
accordingly modify your vote. 
Guidelines for Institutional shareholders:
Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than Individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) and Custodians are required to log on 
the e-voting system of LIIPL at https://instavote.linkintime.co.in. and register themselves as 'Custodian / 
Mutual Fund / Corporate Body'. They are also required to upload a scanned certified true copy of the 
board resolution / authority letter / power of attorney etc. together with attested specimen signature of the 
duly authorised representative(s) in PDF format in the 'Custodian / Mutual Fund / Corporate Body' login 
for the Scrutinizer to verify the same. 
    
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 19
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 22 =====
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Institutional 
shareholders:
     Shareholders facing any technical issue in login may contact Link Intime INSTAVOTE helpdesk by 
sending a request at enotices@linkintime.co.in or contact on:- Tel: 022 – 4918 6000.
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:
        Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may contact the respective helpdesk for any 
technical issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call 
at toll free no.: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode 
with CDSL  
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact 
CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at 022- 23058738 or 22- 23058542-43. 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical mode has forgotten the password: 
If an Individual Shareholders holding securities in Physical mode has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or 
Password or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available on the e-Voting 
website of Link Intime: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in  
Ÿ Click on 'Login' under 'SHARE HOLDER' tab and further Click 'forgot password?' 
Ÿ Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA). Click on SUBMIT”.
In case shareholders is having valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail 
address. Shareholders can set the password of his /her choice by providing the information about the 
particulars of the Security Question and Answer, PAN, DOB / DOI, Bank Account Number (last four digits) 
etc. as mentioned above. The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one special 
character (@!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter. 
 User ID for Shareholders holding shares in Physical Form (i.e. Share Certificate): Your User ID is Event No 
+ Folio Number registered with the Company.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the 
password: 
Shareholders who are unable to retrieve User ID / Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget 
Password option available at above mentioned depository / depository participants website.
        It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to  
        keep your password confidential. 
        For shareholders / members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for voting on 
the resolutions contained in this Notice.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D20
===== PAGE 23 =====
       During the voting period, shareholders / members can login any number of time till they have voted on 
the resolution(s) for a particular “Event”.
B. INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGH VC / OAVM ARE AS 
     UNDER:
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS / MEMBERS TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING THROUGH INSTAMEET (VC / OAVM) ARE AS UNDER:
a.   Shareholders / Members are entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting through VC / OAVM 
provided by Link Intime by following the below mentioned process. Facility for joining the Annual 
General Meeting through VC / OAVM shall open 20 minutes before the time scheduled for the Annual 
General Meeting and will be available to the members on first come first serve basis.
b.    Shareholders / Members are requested to participate on first come first serve basis as participation 
through VC / OAVM is limited and will be closed on expiry of 15 (fifteen) minutes from the scheduled 
time of the Annual General Meeting.  Members can log in and join 15 (fifteen) minutes prior to the 
schedule time of the meeting and window for joining shall be kept open till the expiry of 15 (fifteen) 
minutes after the schedule time. 
c.     Shareholders / Members will be provided with InstaMeet facility wherein Shareholders / Member shall 
register their details and attend the Annual General Meeting as under:
Open the internet browser and launch the URL for InstaMeet<<https://instameet.linkintime.co.in>> and 
register with your following details:
        Select the “Company” and 'Event Date' and register with your following details:- 
A.     Demat Account No. or Folio No: Enter your 16 digit Demat Account No. or Folio No
        Shareholders / members holding shares in CDSL demat account shall provide 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
     Shareholders / members holding shares in NSDL demat account shall provide 8 Character DP ID 
followed by 8 Digit Client ID.
       Shareholders / members holding shares in physical form shall provide Folio Number registered with the 
Company.
B.   PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN) (Members who have not updated their 
PAN with the Depository Participant (DP) / Company shall use the sequence number provided to you, if 
applicable.
C.     Mobile No.: Enter your mobile number. 
D.     Email ID: Enter your email id, as recorded with your DP / the Company. 
      Click “Go to Meeting” (You are now registered for InstaMeet and your attendance is marked for the 
meeting).
NOTE:
     Shareholders / Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Tablets / Laptops connected 
through broadband for better experience.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 21
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 24 =====
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D22
        Shareholders / Members are required to use Internet with a good speed (preferably 2 MBPS download 
stream) to avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
    Please note that Shareholders / Members connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through 
Laptops connecting via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio / Visual loss due to fluctuation in their 
network.  It is therefore recommended to use stable Wi-Fi or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of 
aforesaid glitches.
      In case the shareholders / members have any queries or issues regarding e-voting, you can write an 
email to instameet@linkintime.co.in or Call us:- Tel : (022-49186175).
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS / MEMBERS TO REGISTER THEMSELVES AS SPEAKERS 
DURING ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:
a.     Shareholders / Members who would like to express their views / ask questions during the meeting may 
register themselves as a speaker by sending their request mentioning their name, demat account 
number / folio number, email id, mobile number at admin@menonbearings.in before 3 days in 
advance prior to the date of the AGM.  
b.    The first Speakers on first come basis will only be allowed to express their views / ask questions during 
the meeting.
c.   Shareholders / Members, who would like to ask questions, may send their questions in advance 
mentioning their name demat account number / folio number, email id, mobile number at ad 
admin@menonbearings.in. The same will be replied by the Company suitably. 
d.     Shareholders will receive “speaking serial number” once they mark attendance for the meeting.
e.     Other shareholder may ask questions to the panelist, via active chat-board during the meeting.
f.    Please remember speaking serial number and start your conversation with panelist by switching on 
video mode and audio of your device.
g.    Shareholders are requested to speak only when moderator of the meeting / management will announce 
the name and serial number for speaking.
h.   For a smooth experience of viewing the AGM proceedings of Link Intime India Private Limited. 
InstaMEET, shareholders / members who are registered as speakers for the event are requested to 
download and install the Webex application in advance.
NOTE:
·      Those shareholders / members who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to 
express their views / ask questions during the meeting. The Company reserves the right to restrict the 
number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the Annual General Meeting.
 Shareholders / Members should allow to use camera and are required to use Internet with a good 
speed (preferably 2 MBPS download stream) to avoid any disturbance during the Meeting.
===== PAGE 25 =====
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS / MEMBERS TO VOTE DURING THE ANNUAL GENERAL 
MEETING THROUGH INSTAMEET:
Once the electronic voting is activated by the scrutinizer during the meeting, shareholders / members who 
have not exercised their vote through the remote e-voting can cast the vote as under:
a. On the Shareholders VC page, click on the link for e-Voting “Cast your vote”.
b. Enter your 16 digit Demat Account No. / Folio No. and OTP (received on the registered mobile 
number / registered email Id) received during registration for InstaMeet and click on 'Submit'. 
c.  After successful login, you will see “Resolution Description” and against the same the option 
“Favour / Against” for voting. 
d.  Cast your vote by selecting appropriate option i.e. “Favour / Against” as desired. 
    Enter the number of shares (which represents no. of votes) as on the cut-off date under 'Favour / 
Against'.
e.  After selecting the appropriate option i.e. Favour / Against as desired and you have decided to vote, 
click on “Save”. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on 
“Confirm”, else to change your vote, click on “Back” and accordingly modify your vote. 
f. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change your vote 
subsequently.
NOTE:
       Shareholders / Members, who will be present in the Annual General Meeting through InstaMeet facility 
and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not 
barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-voting facility during the meeting.
        Shareholders / Members who have voted through remote e-voting prior to the Annual General Meeting 
will be eligible to attend / participate in the Annual General Meeting through InstaMeet. However, they 
will not be eligible to vote again during the meeting. 
      In case the shareholders / members have any queries or issues regarding e-voting, you can write an 
email to instameet@linkintime.co.in or Call us: Tel: (022-49186175).
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 23
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 26 =====
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 102 OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND REGULATIONS 36(3) AND 36(5) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS 
AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015:
Item No. 4
M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Kolhapur were appointed as Statutory Auditors of the th th
Company at the 26  Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) held on 29  June, 2017 for a period of 5 consecutive st
years, accordingly they hold office upto the conclusion of the ensuing 31  AGM.
In terms of the provisions of Section 139(2) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”),a listed company can 
appoint / re-appoint an audit firm as its Statutory Auditors upto 2 (two) terms of 5 (five) consecutive years, 
and accordingly, M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants are eligible to be re-appointed as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years.
After evaluating and considering various factors such as past performance, industry experience, 
competency of the audit team, efficiency in conduct of audit, independence, etc. during their present tenure 
and based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company  has 
recommended for re-appointment of M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Kolhapur as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years from the conclusion of the st th
ensuing 31  AGM till the conclusion of the 36  AGM of the Company to be held for the financial year ending st
31  March, 2027, at a remuneration as may be mutually agreed between the Board and the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company from time to time.
M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants are eligible for re-appointment for a second term of 5 
(five) consecutive years and they have given their consent for their re-appointment as Statutory Auditors of 
the Company and have issued certificate confirming that their re-appointment, if made, will be in 
compliance with the provisions of Sections 139 and 141 of the Act and rules framed there under. 
The remuneration proposed to be paid to the Statutory Auditors during their second term would be Rs. 
4,20,000/- per annum and shall be commensurate with the services to be rendered by them during the said 
tenure. The Board of Directors in consultation with the Audit Committee may alter and vary the terms of 
remuneration, in such manner and to such extent as may be mutually agreed with the Statutory Auditors.
M/s. A R N A & Associates is a multi-disciplinary Audit Firm catering to various clients in diverse sectors. The 
firm holds the 'Peer Review' certificate as issued by The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. The 
Board recommends the resolution as set out at item No. 4 of the Notice for approval by the members as an 
Ordinary Resolution. 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.
Item No. 5
The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, re-appointed M/s. C. S. Adawadkar & Co., Cost 
Accountants, Pune (FRN: 100401), as Cost Auditors of the Company to conduct the audit of the cost st
records of the Company for the financial year ending 31  March, 2023 at a remuneration of Rs. 1,25,000/- 
(Rupees One Lakh Twenty Five Thousand only) plus taxes, as applicable and out of pocket expenses on 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D24
===== PAGE 27 =====
actual basis. 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) 
Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors has to be ratified by the members of the 
Company. 
Accordingly, consent of the members of the Company is sought by passing an Ordinary Resolution as set 
out at item no. 5 of the Notice for ratification of the remuneration payable to the Cost  Auditors for the st
financial year ending 31  March, 2023. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out at item no. 5 of the Notice for approval of the 
members.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of your Company or their relatives are concerned or 
interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.
Item No. 6
Mr. Nitin Menon is a Promoter of the Company and is associated with the Company since its inception. 
Mr. Nitin Menon being Executive Chairman of the Company shoulders a huge responsibility.
Mr. Nitin Menon was re-appointed as Managing Director and designated as Vice Chairman and Joint st st
Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5 (five) years w.e.f. 1  April, 2018 to 31  March, 2023 and st
was re-designated as Executive Chairman of the Company w.e.f. 1  August, 2020 by the Board of Directors 
of the Company.
Considering the knowledge, expertise, experience and contribution made by Mr. Nitin Menon in progress of 
the Company and as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved by the th
Audit Committee of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 20  July, 
2022 re-appointed Mr. Nitin Menon as Executive Chairman of the Company for a further period of 5 (five) st st
years w.e.f. 1  April, 2023 to 31  March, 2028 and approved the payment of remuneration to him for a period st st 
of 3 (three) years with effect from 1  April, 2023 to 31  March, 2026 on the terms and conditions as set out in 
the resolution at item no. 6 of the notice, subject to the approval of the members of the Company at their 
general meeting. 
The Board of Directors recommends passing of the Special Resolution as set out at item no. 6 of the Notice 
for approval of the members.
Except Mr. Nitin Menon, being the appointee, and his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel of your Company or their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
said resolution.
Item No.7
Mr. R. D. Dixit, Managing Director of the Company looks after day to day business affairs of the Company 
and is associated with the Company since its inception. 
th st
The members of the Company at their 27  AGM held on 21  July, 2018 re-appointed Mr. R. D. Dixit as st st
Chairman & Managing Director of the Company for a period of 5 (five) years w.e.f. 1  April, 2018 to 31  
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 25
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 28 =====
st
March, 2023. Mr. R. D. Dixit stepped down from the position of Chairman of the Company w.e.f. 1  August, 
2020, and continued as Managing Director of the Company. 
Considering the knowledge, expertise, experience and contribution made by Mr. R. D. Dixit in progress of 
the Company and as recommended by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approved by the th
Audit Committee of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 20  July, 
2022 re-appointed Mr. R. D. Dixit as Managing Director of the Company for a further period of 5 (five) years st st
w.e.f. 1  April, 2023 to 31  March, 2028 and approved the payment of remuneration to him for a period of 3 st st
(three) years with effect from 1  April, 2023 to 31  March, 2026 on the terms and conditions as set out in the 
resolution at item no. 7 of the notice, subject to the approval of the members of the Company at their general 
meeting. 
The Board recommends passing of the Special Resolution as set out at item no. 7 of the Notice for approval 
of the members.  
Except Mr. R. D. Dixit, being the appointee, and his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel of your Company or their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
said resolution.
Item No. 8
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi (DIN: 03011076) was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company to hold th
office as such for a term of 5 (five) consecutive years w.e.f. 16  April, 2018, accordingly her current tenure as th
an Independent Director of the Company ends on 15 April, 2023. 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 149(10) of the Act read with Regulation 25(2) of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) an 
Independent Director shall hold office for a term up to 5 (five) consecutive years on the Board of a company, 
but shall be eligible for re-appointment on passing of a Special Resolution by the Company and disclosure 
of such re-appointment in the Board's Report.
Considering her knowledge, expertise and experience and performance evaluation of her first term of 5 
(five) years, and based on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the 
Board, in line with the Company's policy on Director's Appointment and Remuneration has proposed the
re-appointment of Mrs. Kailash Nevagi as an Independent Director of the Company for a second term of 5 th
(five) consecutive years w.e.f.16  April, 2023, who shall not be liable to retire by rotation. The Board 
considers that her continued association would be of immense benefit to the Company, and it is desirable to 
avail expertise of Mrs. Kailash Nevagi as an Independent Director.
The Company has received a notice in writing pursuant to Section 160 of the Act, from a member signifying 
his intention to propose the candidature of Mrs. Kailash Nevagi as an Independent Director of the Company. 
The Company has also received all statutory disclosures /declarations from Mrs. Kailash Nevagi including 
her consent to continue to act as an Independent Director of the Company.
In the opinion of the Board, Mrs. Kailash Nevagi fulfils the conditions as set out in Section 149(6) read with 
Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations for being eligible for re-
appointment as an Independent Director of the Company; and she is independent of the management of the 
Company. Further, Mrs. Kailash Nevagi is not disqualified from being appointed as a director in terms of 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D26
===== PAGE 29 =====
Section 164 of the Act. 
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi is not holding any shares in the Company. 
Accordingly, the Board recommends the Special Resolution as set out at item no. 8 of the Notice for 
approval of the members in relation to her re-appointment as an Independent Director for a second term of 5 th
(five) consecutive years w.e.f. 16  April, 2023. 
The copy of draft letter of re-appointment of Mrs. Kailash Nevagi is available for inspection by the members 
at the Registered Office of the Company between 11.00 A.M. to 1.00 P.M. on any working day of the 
Company.
Brief resume of Mrs. Kailash Nevagi and other relevant details relating to her re-appointment, as required 
under the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute 
of Company Secretaries of India forms part of this Notice.
Except Mrs. Kailash Nevagi, being the appointee, and her relatives, none of the other Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise, in the said resolution.
Item No. 9
Mr. Arun Aradhye, Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer of the Company looks after day to day 
business affairs of the Company and is associated with the Company since 2011. 
The members of the Company, through Postal Ballot process, approved the appointment of Mr. Arun 
Aradhye as Whole Time Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company for a period of 5 (five) years st th
w.e.f. 31  January, 2019 to 30  January, 2024 and the terms and conditions with respect to his remuneration st st
was approved for a period of 3 (three) years with effect from 31  January, 2019 to 31  January, 2022.  
Based on the recommendation by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and approval by the Audit th
Committee of the Company, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 5  February, 2022 
approved the remuneration payable to Mr. Arun Aradhye for the remaining period of his current tenure i.e. st th
w.e.f. 1  February, 2022 upto 30  January, 2024 on the terms and conditions as set out in the resolution at 
item no. 9 of the notice, subject to the approval of the members of the Company at their general meeting. 
The Board recommends passing of the Special Resolution as set out at item no. 9 of the Notice for approval 
of the members.  
Except Mr. Arun Aradhye and his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of your 
Company or their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.
Item No. 10
The Company had entered into an agreement with M/s. Mani Auto Components, a Partnership Firm in 
which Mr. Nitin Menon, Executive Chairman of the Company is interested, for purchase, sale of goods and st st
providing / availing services for a period of 3 (three) years w.e.f. 1  April, 2021 till 31  March, 2024; and the th
necessary approval of the members of the Company was obtained in their 29  Annual General Meeting held 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 27
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 30 =====
st
on 21  August, 2020.
On account of expected increase in exports and value of transactions, it is proposed to increase monetary 
limits of transactions with M/s. Mani Auto Components for the financial years 2022-23 and 2023-24, as more 
detailed in the resolution set out at item no. 10 of this Notice.
As per the provisions of Section 188 of the Act read with the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) 
Rules, 2014 and provisions of Regulation 23(4) of the Listing Regulations, as amended, the approval of the 
members by passing Ordinary Resolution is required for all material related party transaction(s), including 
any subsequent material modification thereto.
Details of the proposed transaction with M/s. Mani Auto Components, including the information as required nd
to be disclosed pursuant to the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD1/CIR/P/2021/662 dated 22  
November, 2021 are given here-in-below:
Based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as 
DetailsDiscriptionSr. No.
   A summary of the information provided by the management of the Company to the Audit Committee
for approval of the proposed RPT
Type, material terms and particulars of the 
proposed transaction 
Sale, purchase or supply of any goods, 
property of any kind whether movable or 
immovable and availing or rendering of any 
services thereof for a period of 2 years.
1.
Name of the Related Party and its relationship with 
the Company or its subsidiary, including nature of 
its concern or interest (financial or otherwise)
M/s. Mani Auto Components, Partnership
Firm.
Mr. Nitin Menon, Executive Chairman and
his relatives are Partners in the firm.
b.
Tenure of the proposed transaction Financial years 2022-23 and 2023-24c.
Value of the proposed transaction 1. F.Y. 2022-23 - Rs. 6000.00  Lakh
2. F.Y. 2023-24 - Rs.7000.00 Lakh
d.
Percentage of the Company's annual consolidated
turnover, for the immediately preceding financial
year, that is represented by the value of the 
proposed transaction
e. Proposed for F.Y. 2022-23 – 30%
Proposed for F.Y. 2023-24 – 36%
Details of transaction relating to any loans, inter-
corporate deposits, advances or investments made 
or given by the Company or its subsidiary
f. Not Applicable
Justification as to why the transaction is in the 
interest of the Company
2. M/s. Mani Auto Components has  
independently acquired certain customers 
in exports segment and has given 
business to Menon Bearings Limited.  
Menon Bearings Limited is retaining 
adequate margins while doing business 
with M/s. Mani Auto Components.
A copy of the valuation or other external report, if 
any such report has been relied upon 
3. Not Applicable
Any other information that may be relevant4. None
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D28
a.
===== PAGE 31 =====
set out at item no. 10 of the Notice for approval by the members.
Except, Mr. Nitin Menon and his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise in the said resolution.
Item No. 11
Mr. Aditya Menon is Executive Assistant to the Chairman of the Company. He has completed Master of 
Engineering from University of Exeter, UK. He is assisting the Chairman in looking after day to day business 
affairs of the Company and is associated with the Company since last 3 years. 
Considering his work experience and qualification and as approved by the Audit Committee of the th
Company, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 12  May, 2022 approved revision in st
remuneration payable to Mr. Aditya Menon w.e.f. 1  October, 2022 on the terms and conditions as set out in 
the resolution at item no. 11 of the notice, subject to the approval of the members of the Company at their 
general meeting. 
As per the provisions of Section 188 of the Act read with Rule 15 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and 
its Powers) Rules, 2014,  prior approval of the members of the Company by passing an Ordinary Resolution 
is required for increase in remuneration payable to Mr. Aditya Menon.
The information required to be disclosed in the Explanatory Statement pursuant to Rule 15 of the 
Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014 are as follows:
DetailsParticularsSr. No.
Name of the Related Party 
Name of the director or key managerial
personnel who is related, if any
Mr. Aditya Menon
Mr. Nitin Menon, Executive Chairman
of the Company.
Nature of relationship Mr. Aditya Menon is son of Mr. Nitin Menon,
Executive Chairman of the Company.
Nature, material terms, monetary value and 
particulars of the contract or arrangements
As per details provided in the resolution as
set out at item number 11 of the Notice ofst
31  AGM of the Company.
Any other information relevant or important for
the members to take a decision on the proposed
resolution
None
The Board recommends passing of the Ordinary Resolution as set out at item no. 11 of the Notice for 
approval of the members.  
Except Mr. Nitin Menon and his relatives, none of the other Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of your 
Company or their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 29
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 32 =====
INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS BEING PROPOSED TO BE APPOINTED / RE-APPOINTED AS PER 
REGULATION 36(3) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015 AND SECRETARIAL STANDARD-2 ON 'GENERAL MEETINGS' IS GIVEN BELOW:
Name of Director Mr. Nitin Menon Mr. R. D. Dixit Mr. Arun Aradhye       Mrs. Kailash
Nevagi
Designation Executive Chairman Managing Director Whole Time Director
& CFO
Independent
Director 
Nationality Indian Indian Indian Indian
Bachelor of
Commerce
Bachelor of
Engineering(Mech.)
M. COM, LLB, GDCA M.COM, MBA,
Bachelor of Law
Qualifications
Experience 
(including 
nature of 
expertise in 
specific 
functional areas 
/ Brief
Resume
He is an industrialist 
and associated with 
Menon Bearings 
Ltd. since 1992 i.e. 
from the inception of 
the Company. He is 
having 28 years of 
rich and varied 
experience in the 
field of Automobile
Sector.
He is having vast 
experience of 
around 54 years in 
the field of 
Automobile Sector.
He is associated with 
the Company for 
more than 11 years 
and is having vast 
experience of more 
than 41 years in the 
fields of Accounts, 
Finance, Business, 
Administration& 
Management.
She is having vast 
experience of more 
than 30 years in the  
fields of Civil, Cyber 
Laws etc. She is 
leading a team of 
lawyers as a 
Partner &Director at 
Abhay Nevagi & 
Associates and 
ANA Cyber 
Forensics Pvt. Ltd.
Terms and 
Conditions of 
appointment / 
re- appointment  
As provided in the 
resolution as set out 
at item number 6 of st 
Notice of 31 Annual 
General Meeting of 
the Company.
As provided in the 
resolution as set out 
at item number 7 of st
Notice of 31  Annual 
General Meeting of 
the Company.
As provided in the 
resolution as set out 
at item number 9 of st
Notice of 31  Annual 
General Meeting of 
the Company.
For a term of 5(five) 
consecutive years th
w.e.f. 16  April, 2023
 
Date of first 
appointment on 
the Board 
st
1  April, 1995 st
1  April, 1992 st
31  January, 2019 th
16  April, 2018
Shareholding in 
the Company 
(Equity Shares 
of Re. 1/- each) st
as on 31  
March, 2022
1,70,16,780 Nil 50 Nil
Date of Birth / Age th
26  November, 1967
(54 years)
th
25  December, 1943
(79 years)
th
26  June, 1956 
(65 years)
rd
23 January, 1959
(63 years)
Details of 
remuneration 
sought to be 
paid
Remuneration 
details sought to be 
paid and 
remuneration last 
drawn are provided 
in the additional 
information sheet.
Remuneration 
details  sought to be 
paid and 
remuneration last 
drawn are provided 
in the additional 
information sheet.
Remuneration 
details  sought to be 
paid and 
remuneration last 
drawn are provided 
in the additional 
information sheet.
Sitting fees as 
approved 
by the Board from 
time to time.
Remuneration 
last drawn, if 
applicable
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D30
===== PAGE 33 =====
Number of 
meetings of the 
Board attended 
during the year
Directorship held 
in other 
Companies
1. Menon United  
    Private Limited
2. Menon Signature  
    Private Limited
3. Mani Agriculture and 
    Research Combine 
    Private Limited
4. Flyga Auto  Private 
    Limited
5. Flyga Resorts  
    Private Limited
1. Menon Pistons  
    Limited
2. Menon Piston
    Rings Private 
    Limited
3. Rapid Machining   
    Technologies Private 
    Limited
4. Lunar Enterprise 
Private Limited
1. Menon United   
    Private Limited
2. Menon Signature  
    Private Limited
3. Flyga Auto Private 
    Limited
4. Flyga Resorts  
    Private Limited
5. Venkatesh Cottex 
    Private Limited
1. Ana Cyber  
    Forensic Private   
    Limited
2. Xinren 
    Information 
    Technologies   
    Private Limited
List of  
Membership / 
Chairmanship of 
Committees of 
other Boards
4 (four) 4 (four) 4 (four) 4 (four)
1.Menon Pistons  
Limited – Chairman of 
Stakeholders' 
Relationship
   Committee
2.Menon Pistons  
Limited – Membership 
   of Audit Committee, 
Nomination and 
Remuneration 
Committee, 
Stakeholder’s 
   Relationship 
Committee, Corporate 
Social Responsibility 
Committee and Risk 
Management 
Committee
Names of listed 
entities from 
which the 
appointee has 
resigned in the 
past three years
Nil Nil Nil Nil
Relationship with 
other Directors, 
Manager and 
other Key 
Managerial 
Personnel of the 
Company 
Not Related Not Related Not Related Not Related
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 31
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
Skills and 
capabilities
required for the 
role and manner 
in which the 
proposed
appointee meets 
such 
requirements
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Mrs. Kailash Nevagi 
is having vast 
experience of more 
than 30 years in the  
fields of Civil, Cyber 
Laws etc. She is 
leading a team of 
lawyers as a 
Partner & Director 
at Abhay Nevagi & 
Associates and 
ANA Cyber 
Forensics Pvt. Ltd.
- - -
===== PAGE 34 =====
Summary of 
Performance,
Evaluation / 
Justification for 
choosing the 
appointee for 
appointment as 
Independent 
Director
Considering her 
expertise and 
experience as 
mentioned above.
Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Additional information as required under Part II of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 is given below:
I General Information: 
1. Nature of Industry Manufacturing of Auto Components. 
2. Date or expected date of commencement of 
commercial production
The Company is in existence and in operation 
since 1991.
3. In case of new companies, expected date of 
commencement of activities as per project 
approved by financial institutions appearing 
in the prospectus
N.A.
4. Financial performance based on given indicators EPS: Rs. 4.38
Return on Net Worth: 22%
Debt Equity Ratio: 0.21
5. Foreign Investment or Collaborations, if any N.A.
II Information about the Directors: 
A Mr. Nitin Menon
1. Background details Mr. Nitin Menon was appointed as a director of the st
Company on 1  April,1995 and appointed as Joint 
Managing Director of the Company w.e.f. th
20 October, 2000. Mr. Nitin Menon was re-
designated as Executive Chairman of the Company st
w.e.f. 1  August, 2020. Mr. Nitin Menon is promoter of 
the Company and is associated with the Company 
since inception and has experience of more than 28 
years in the industry.
2. Past Remuneration Rs. 111.28 Lakh p.a.
3. Recognition or awards Mr. Nitin Menon is a Commerce Graduate.
4. Job profile and his suitability Mr. Nitin Menon is engaged in day-to-day activities of 
the Company and is responsible for overall 
management of the Company.
5. Remuneration proposed Rs.23.75 Lakh per month.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D32
===== PAGE 35 =====
6. Comparative remuneration profile with respect to 
industry, size of the Company, profile of the 
position and person (in case of expatriates the 
relevant details would be with respect to the 
country of his origin)
The remuneration payable to Mr. Nitin Menon is at 
par with the industry standards, in which it operates.
7. Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with 
the Company, or relationship with the managerial 
personnel or other director, if any
Mr. Nitin Menon is promoter of the Company.
B Mr. R. D. Dixit
1. Background details Mr. R. D. Dixit is associated with Menon group since 
last 54 years. He has worked in different capacities 
such as Development Engineer, Works Manager, 
Director Technical and for last 28 years as Managing 
Director of the Company and director in other group 
companies. He stepped down from the position of the st
Chairman of the Company w.e.f. 31  August, 2020, 
however continues as Managing Director of the 
Company.
2. Past Remuneration Rs. 49.67 Lakh p.a 
3. Recognition or awards Mr. R. D. Dixit did his Diploma in Mechanical 
Engineering from Government Polytechnic College, st
Kolhapur in 1  Class and B.E. (Mech) from College st
of Engineering, Karad in 1  Class and did 
"Production Planning and Control” course from 
HMT, Bangalore.
4. Job profile and his suitability Mr. R. D. Dixit is engaged in day-to-day activities of 
the Company and is responsible for overall 
management of the Company.
5. Remuneration proposed Rs. 8.65 Lakh per month.
6. Comparative remuneration profile with respect to 
industry, size of the Company, profile of the 
position and person (in case of expatriates the 
relevant  etails would be with respect to the 
country of his origin)
The remuneration payable to Mr. R. D. Dixit is 
at par with the industry standards, in which it 
operates.
7. Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with 
the Company, or relationship with the managerial 
personnel or other director, if any
Not related
C Mr. Arun Aradhye
1. Background details Mr. Arun Aradhye was appointed as Whole time st
Director & CFO of the Company on 31  January, 
2019. He is responsible for finance, corporate 
administration, corporate image and relationships. 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 33
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 36 =====
He is M.COM, LLB (Special). He has an extensive 
background and vast experience of more than 41 
years in various fields like Banking, Finance, 
Insurance, Transport, Tourism,Tele-communication,
 Manufacturing, Industry etc. He is associated with the 
Company for more than 11 years.
2. Past Remuneration Rs. 52.44 Lakh p.a.
4. Job profile and his suitability
Recognition or awards3. Mr. Arun Aradhye is M.COM, LLB (Special).
Mr. Arun Aradhye is engaged in day-to-day activities 
of the Company and is responsible for its overall 
management.
5. Remuneration proposed Rs. 5.95 Lakh  per month.
6. Comparative remuneration profile with respect to 
industry, size of the Company, profile of the 
position and person (in case of expatriates the 
relevant details would be with respect to the 
country of his origin)
The remuneration payable to Mr. Arun Aradhye is at 
par with the industry standards, in which it operates.
7. Pecuniary relationship directly or indirectly with 
the Company, or relationship with the managerial 
personnel or other director, if any
Not related
III Other Information: 
2. Steps taken or proposed to be taken for 
improvement
Since the Company is making adequate profit, 
this point is not applicable to the Company.
3. Expected increase in productivity and profits in 
measurable terms
Productivity is expected to increase by 20% 
(approx.) and profits by 21% (approx.) 
1. Reasons of loss or inadequate profits Presently, the Company has adequate profits, 
however considering the nature of business and 
uncertainty of profits in future, more particularly in 
present pandemic times, the Company is proposing 
the resolutions to be passed as Special Resolutions.
1. All elements of remuneration package such as 
salary, benefits, bonuses, stock options, pension, 
etc., of all the Directors
2.
IV Disclosures:
Details of fixed component and performance linked 
incentives along with the performance criteria
3. Service contracts, notice period, severance fees
4. Stock option details, if any, and whether the same 
has been issued at a discount as well as the period 
over which accrued and over which exercisable
The requisite details of remuneration of Directors 
are included in the Corporate Governance Report, 
forming part of the Annual Report for the financial 
year 2021-22.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D34
===== PAGE 37 =====
Board of Directors' Report 
Sr.
No. Particulars For the Financial Year st
ended 31  March, 2022
Total Revenue (Net)
Profit before Depreciation & Amortization
Expenses, Finance Cost and Tax
Less : Depreciation and Amortization Expenses
           Finance Cost
Profit before Tax
Less: Provision for Tax (including deferred tax)
Profit after Tax
Other Comprehensive Income
1
2
3
4
5
6
For the Financial Year st
ended 31  March, 2021
(Rs.in Lakh)
To, 
The Members,
IMPACT OF COVID-19 PANDEMIC OUTBREAK:
During the financial year under review, the nation experienced high severity brought by the second wave of the 
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic outbreak. However, amidst the second wave of Covid-19 pandemic, it hardly 
had any impact on the business of the Company.
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS:
The Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing of “Auto Components”. During the financial year 
under review, the Company has registered a turnover of Rs.19,539.62 Lakh (previous year Rs.14,786.70 
Lakh) and Net Profit after Tax of  Rs. 2,453.38 Lakh (previous year Rs. 1,880.00 Lakh).
DIVIDEND:
The Company's overall performance during the financial year under review was satisfactory. Based on the 
performance, the Company declared interim dividend @ Rs. 2.00 per Equity Share (previous year Rs. 1.50 per 
Equity Share), being 200% of the paid–up Equity Share Capital of the Company for the financial year ended st
31  March, 2022. Considering current market scenario and pandemic conditions, to conserve resources, your 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS :
st
Your Directors feel great pleasure in presenting the 31  Annual Report of your Company along with the st
Audited Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31  March, 2022.
19,800.38
4,268.91
774.64
259.13
3,235.14
781.76
2,453.38
(5.95)
15,090.09
3,592.63
748.37
357.09
2,487.17
607.17
1,880.00
11.64
Balance of Profit as per last Balance Sheet
Balance Available for Appropriation
Rate of  Dividend paid
Dividend Paid
Transfer to General Reserve
Balance of Profit carried to Balance Sheet
8
9
11
10
12
13
14
8,182.22
10,629.66
200%
1,120.80
75.00
9,433.86
7,206.18
9,097.83
150%
840.60
75.00
8,182.23
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 35
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
Total Comprehensive Income 2,447.44 1,891.64
7
===== PAGE 38 =====
st
Directors are not recommending any further dividend for the financial year ended 31  March, 2022 and the 
interim dividend already paid may be taken as final dividend for the financial year under review.
SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY:
During the financial year under review, there was no change in the paid up share capital of the Company. As on st
31  March, 2022, the paid up share capital of the Company was Rs. 5,60,40,000/- divided into 5,60,40,000 
equity shares of Rs. 1/- each.
CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY:
There was no change in the nature of business activities of the Company during the financial year under review.
RESERVES:
During the financial year under review, a sum of Rs. 75.00 Lakh (previous year Rs. 75.00 Lakh) was transferred 
to the General Reserve.
SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES:
The Company does not have any subsidiary, associate or joint venture company.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS:
During the financial year under review, the Company has not accepted or renewed any deposits from public 
within the meaning of Sections 73 and 76 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Companies 
(Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 2014.
ANNUAL RETURN:
st
As required under Section 92(3) read with Section 134(3)(a) of the Act, the copy of Annual Return as on 31  
March, 2022 will be placed on the website of the Company and can be accessed at
https://menonbearings.in/investor-relations/investorinformation. 
DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL:
a)  Retirement by rotation 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act read with the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 and Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. R. D. Dixit (DIN: 00626827), st
Managing Director of the Company retires by rotation at the ensuing 31  Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and 
being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment and your Board recommends his re-appointment. 
b)  Appointment and Re-appointment 
No new director was appointed on the Board of Directors of the Company during the financial year under review.
th th
The members, in their 30  Annual General Meeting held on 30  July, 2021 approved the appointment of Mr. M. 
L. Shinde (DIN: 07417527) as an Independent Non - Executive Director of the Company for a period of 5 (five) th
years w.e.f. 9  February, 2021.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D36
===== PAGE 39 =====
The current tenure of Mr. Nitin Menon and Mr. R. D. Dixit as Executive Chairman and Managing Director of the st
Company respectively is upto 31  March, 2023. Considering their knowledge, expertise, experience and 
contribution made by them in the progress of the Company and based on the recommendation of the th 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company in its meeting held on 20
July 2022 re-appointed Mr. Nitin Menon and Mr. R. D. Dixit as Executive Chairman and Managing Director of st
the Company respectively for a further period of 5 (five) years with effect from 1  April, 2023, subject to 
approval of the members in their general meeting. Accordingly, your Board seeks members' approval for re-
appointment of Mr. Nitin Menon as Executive Chairman and Mr. R. D. Dixit as Managing Director of the 
Company.
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a term of 5 (five) th th
consecutive years with effect from 16  April, 2018 and her current tenure ends on 15  April, 2023.  Considering 
her knowledge, expertise and experience and performance evaluation of her first term of 5 (five) years, the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee has recommended for re-appointment of Mrs. Kailash Nevagi for a th
second term of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from 16  April, 2023. Accordingly, your Board 
recommends for re-appointment of Mrs. Kailash Nevagi as an Independent Director of the Company for a th
second term of 5 (five) consecutive years with effect from 16  April, 2023, whose office shall not be liable to 
retire by rotation.
As stipulated under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and Secretarial Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI), brief resume of the directors proposed to be re-appointed / st
fixation of remuneration is annexed to the Notice convening the 31  AGM of the Company. The additional 
details as required to be given pursuant to clause (iv) to second proviso of Section II B of Part II of Schedule V of 
the Act are also annexed to the said Notice.
c) Cessation
Mr. Gajendra Vasa (DIN: 00461425) Independent Director of the Company resigned from the directorship of th
the Company with effect from 27  October, 2021 due to his advanced age, increased domestic responsibilities 
and Covid-19 pandemic situation. 
The Board places on record its sincere appreciation for the valuable contribution made by him during his tenure 
as an Independent Director of the Company.
d) Declaration from Independent Directors
The Company has received the necessary declaration from all the Independent Directors of the Company 
confirming that they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed both under Section 149(6) of the Act and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and pursuant to Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations that 
they are not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably anticipated that could 
impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an objective independent judgment and without any 
external influence. The Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have complied with Schedule IV 
of the Act and the Company's Code of Conduct.
Further, the Independent Directors have also submitted their declaration in compliance with the provisions of 
Rule 6(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, which mandated the 
inclusion of an Independent Director's name in the data bank of Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs (“IICA”).
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 37
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 40 =====
None of the directors of your Company are disqualified under the provisions of Section 164(2) of the Act. Your 
directors have made necessary disclosures, as required under various provisions of the Act and the Listing 
Regulations and in the opinion of the Board, all the Independent Directors are persons of integrity and 
possesses relevant expertise and experience and are independent of the management.
e) Number of Directors
As per Regulation 17(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations, the Company is required to appoint minimum 6 (six) 
directors including one woman director on its Board.
At present, your Company has six directors consisting of three Independent Directors including a woman 
Director and three Executive Directors.
f) Annual Performance and Board Evaluation
The Board has devised a policy pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations for 
performance evaluation of the Chairman, Board and Individual directors (including Independent directors) and 
Committees, which includes criteria for performance evaluation of Non-executive Directors and Executive 
Directors.
The Board has devised questionnaire to evaluate the performance of Board, Board Committees and individual 
Directors and Chairperson. The Chairman of respective Board Committees shared the report on evaluation 
with the Board. The performance of each Committee was evaluated by the Board, based on report on 
evaluation received from respective Board Committees. The reports on performance evaluation of the 
individual directors were reviewed by the Chairman of the Board.
The evaluation framework for assessing the performance of directors comprises of the following key areas:
i.   Attendance at Board and Committee Meetings;
ii.  Quality of contribution to the deliberations;
iii. Strategic perspectives or inputs regarding future growth of the Company and its performance; and
iv.  Providing perspectives and feedback going beyond information provided by the management.
In a separate meeting of Independent Directors, taking into account the views of Executive Directors and non-
executive Directors, performance of non-independent directors, the Board as a whole and Chairman of the 
Company was evaluated.
g) Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP”)
The details of Key Managerial Personnel of the Company are as follows:
Apart from the above, no other Director or KMP were appointed or retired or resigned during the financial year st
ended 31  March, 2022.
Mr. R. D. Dixit
Mr. Nitin Menon
Mr. Arun Aradhye
1.
2.
3.
4.
Managing Director
Executive Chairman 
Whole Time Director & Chief Financial Officer
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Sr. No. DesignationName of Key Managerial Personnel
Ms. Neha Harolikar
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D38
===== PAGE 41 =====
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD:
The Board meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide on Company / business policies and strategy apart 
from other Board business.  A tentative annual calendar of the Board and Committee meetings is informed to 
the directors in advance to facilitate them to plan their schedule accordingly and to ensure meaningful 
participation in the meetings. However, in case of special or urgent business need, the Board's approval is 
taken by passing resolutions through circulation, as permitted by law, which are noted in the subsequent 
meeting of the Board of Directors.
The notice of meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees are given well in advance to all the directors 
of the Company. Usually, meetings of the Board are held in Kolhapur, Maharashtra. The agenda of the Board / 
Committee meetings are circulated at least 7 days before the date of the meeting. The agenda for the Board 
and Committee meetings includes detailed notes on the items to be discussed at the meeting to enable the 
directors make informed decisions.
During the financial year under review, the Board of Directors met 4 (four) times, the details of which are given 
in the Report on Corporate Governance, forming part of this report. The intervening gap between two 
consecutive meetings was within the period prescribed under the Act and the Listing Regulations.
DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT:
Your directors to the best of their knowledge and belief and according to the information and explanations 
obtained by them and as required under Section 134 (3) read with Section 134 (5) of the Act state that:
a.      in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards have been followed along 
with proper explanation relating to material departures, if any;
b.    they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the st
Company at the end of the financial year 31  March, 2022 and of the profit of the Company for that period;
c.   they have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
d.      they have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis;
e.    they have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal 
financial controls are adequate and were operating effectively; and
f.      they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that 
such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD:
In accordance with the provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations, the Company has constituted four 
committees of the Board, namely:
1.  Audit Committee;
2.  Stakeholders' Relationship Committee;
3.  Nomination and Remuneration Committee; and
4.  Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 39
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 42 =====
Details of all the Committees along with their charters, composition and meetings held during the financial year 
under review are provided in the Report on Corporate Governance, forming part of this report. 
AUDIT COMMITTEE:
The Audit Committee is duly constituted as per the provisions of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the 
Listing Regulations.
Mr. Gajendra Vasa, Independent Director and Mr. Arun Aradhye, Whole Time Director and CFO of the 
Company, members of the Audit Committee stepped down from the membership of the Audit Committee with st
effect from 21  October, 2021. 
st
As on 31  March, 2022, the Audit Committee comprised of 4 (four) members viz., Mr. M. L. Shinde, Mr. R. D. 
Dixit, Mrs. Kailash A. Nevagi and Mr. Santosh Prabhu. Mr. M. L. Shinde is the Chairman of the Audit Committee 
and the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company acts as the Secretary to the Audit 
Committee.
The Audit Committee of the Company reviews the reports to be submitted to the Board of Directors with respect 
to auditing and accounting matters. It also supervises the Company's internal control and financial reporting 
process and vigil mechanism.
All the recommendations made by the Audit Committee were accepted by the Board of Directors of the 
Company.
WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY / VIGIL MECHANISM:
The Company has adopted Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy as per the provisions of Section 177 of the 
Act and Regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations to deal with instances of fraud and mismanagement.  It also 
provides adequate safeguards against victimization of directors or employees or any other person who avail 
the mechanism and it provides for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in exceptional cases.
The details of the Vigil Mechanism Policy is explained in the Report on Corporate Governance and also posted 
on the website of the Company at
https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54df3692e4b0d9caed7742ae/t/5d008ce9be4f020001580c21/15603 
17231963/Whistle+Blower+Policy.pdf . 
We affirm that during the financial year under review, no employee or director was denied access to the 
Chairman of the Audit Committee.
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES:
The information, as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is given in Annexure - I, forming part 
of this report.
The statement containing particulars of employees, as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with 
Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, 
is provided in this report as Annexure - II, forming part of this report.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D40
===== PAGE 43 =====
REMUNERATION POLICY:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations and on 
recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors has adopted a 
policy for selection and appointment of Directors, Senior Management Personnel and their remuneration. The 
Remuneration Policy has been placed on the website of the Company and is available at 
https://menonbearings.in/investor-relations/corporategovernance. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS:
As per the provisions of Section 139 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the th th
members of the Company in their 26  AGM held on 29  June, 2017 appointed M/s. A R N A & Associates, 
Chartered Accountants, Kolhapur (FRN: 122293W) as the Statutory Auditors of the Company for a term of 5 st
(five) consecutive years, and accordingly they hold office as such till the conclusion of the ensuing 31  AGM of 
the Company. In terms of the provisions of the Act, an audit firm acting as Statutory Auditors of a company is 
eligible to be appointed as Statutory Auditors for two terms of five consecutive years each.
The Board of Directors of the Company, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, recommends 
for the re-appointment of M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Kolhapur (FRN: 122293W) as 
Statutory Auditors of the Company for a second term of 5 (five) consecutive years i.e. to hold office from the st th
conclusion of the ensuing 31  AGM till the conclusion of the 36  AGM of the Company to be held for the financial st
year ending 31  March, 2027 and to audit books of account of the Company for the financial years from 2022-
23 to 2026-27.
The Company has received written consent and a certificate that they satisfy the criteria provided under 
Section 141 of the Act and if appointed, their appointment would be within the limits prescribed under Section 
139 of the Act. 
STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT:
The Statutory Auditors’ Report on the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year st
ended 31  March, 2022 forms part of this Annual Report.
st
The Statutory Auditors' report on the Audited Financial Statements for financial year ended 31  March, 2022 
does not contain any qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks or disclaimer. Further, they have not 
reported any fraud as specified under the second proviso to Section 143(12) of the Act.
COST AUDITORS:
As per the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the 
Board of Directors of the Company re-appointed M/s. C. S. Adawadkar & Co., Cost Accountants, Pune (FRN: 
100401) as Cost Auditors of the Company to conduct audit of cost records pertaining to manufacturing of 
Aluminum products, Bi-metallic products and tractors and other motor vehicles (incl. automotive components) 
covered under Heading 8483 of Central Excise Tariff Act, 1985 for the financial year 2022-23, at a remuneration 
of Rs.1,25,000/- (Rupees One Lakh Twenty Five Thousand only) plus taxes, as applicable and out of pocket 
expenses on actual basis, subject to ratification of remuneration by the members of the Company in their 
general meeting. A resolution seeking ratification of the remuneration payable to the said Cost Auditors for the st
financial year 2022-23 by the members is provided in the Notice of the ensuing 31  AGM of the Company.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 41
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 44 =====
COST RECORDS:
The Cost accounts and records as required to be maintained under Section 148(1) of the Act are duly made 
and maintained by the Company.
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204(1) of the Act read with the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, the Company had appointed M/s. M Baldeva 
Associates, Company Secretaries, Thane to undertake Secretarial Audit of the Company for the financial 
year 2021-22. 
There are no qualifications, reservations, adverse remarks or disclaimers made by the Secretarial Auditors 
in their report for the financial year 2021-22 and the same is annexed to this report as Annexure - III and 
forms part of this report. 
INTERNAL AUDITOR:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the Act read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the 
Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, re-appointed Mr. Abhay 
Golwalkar, Chartered Accountant, Kolhapur as Internal Auditor of the Company. Internal Auditor submits his 
reports to the Audit Committee on quarterly basis.
Based on the report of Internal Auditor, the management undertakes corrective actions in their respective 
areas and thereby strengthens the controls. Significant audit observations and corrective actions thereon 
are presented to the Audit Committee.
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL:
The Board has adopted the policies and procedures for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to Company's policies, safeguarding of assets, prevention and detection of 
frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records and timely preparation of 
reliable financial disclosures.
The Audit Committee evaluates the efficiency and adequacy of financial control system in the Company, its 
compliance with operating systems, accounting procedures at all locations of the Company and strives to 
maintain the highest standard in Internal Financial Control.
RISKS AND AREAS OF CONCERN:
The Company has laid down a well-defined Risk Management Policy covering the risk mapping, trend 
analysis, risk exposure, potential impact and risk mitigation process. A detailed exercise is being carried out 
to identify, evaluate, manage and monitoring of both business and non-business risks.The Board periodically 
reviews the risks and suggests steps to be taken to control and mitigate the same through a properly defined 
framework.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D42
===== PAGE 45 =====
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, the following 
have been made part of the Annual Report and are annexed to this report:
     Management Discussion and Analysis Report;
     Report on Corporate Governance;
     Declaration on compliance with Code of Conduct;
    Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary that none of the directors on the Board of the Company has   
been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies; and
     Auditors' certificate regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY INITIATIVE:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 135 of the Act read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) 
Rules, 2014, the Company has constituted Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee and has framed 
policy on Corporate Social Responsibility. As part of its initiatives under CSR, the Company has identified 
various projects / activities in accordance with Schedule VII of the Act.
The details of CSR activities undertaken during the financial year 2021-22, as required under Rule 8 of the 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) Rules, 2014, are annexed as Annexure - IV and forms part of 
this report.
PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES:
All contracts / arrangements / transactions entered by the Company during the financial year under review with 
related parties were in the ordinary course of business on arm's length basis and are reported in the Notes on st
Accounts for the financial year ended 31  March 2022.
The details of material related party transactions as referred to in Section 188(1) of the Act in the prescribed 
Form AOC-2 under the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are given in Annexure - V and forms part of this 
report.
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations, the Company has formulated the 
Related Party Transaction Policy and the same is uploaded on the Company's website at  
https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54df3692e4b0d9caed7742ae/t/6242e43417456f38e4a7f9b8/164855
0976746/Related+Party+Transactions+Policy.pdf
 
MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENT, IF ANY, AFFECTING FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE 
COMPANY OCCURRED BETWEEN THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR TO WHICH THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS RELATE AND THE DATE OF THE REPORT:
There have been no material changes or commitments affecting the financial position of the Company 
occurred between end of the financial year to which the financial statements relate and the date of this report.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 43
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 46 =====
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS:
The Company has not advanced any loan or provided guarantee or made investment falling under the 
provisions of Section 186 of the Act during the financial year under review. 
DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS OR 
TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY'S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE:
There was no significant or material order passed by any regulator or court or tribunal, which impacts the going 
concern status of the Company or will have bearing on company's operations in future.
INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF):
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 125 of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, all unpaid or unclaimed dividends are 
required to be transferred by the Company to the IEPF established by the Government of India, which 
remained unpaid / unclaimed for seven years or more. Further, according to the said Rules, the shares on 
which dividend remained unpaid or unclaimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall 
also be transferred to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. Accordingly, during the financial year under 
review, the Company transferred 1,83,800 Equity Shares to the demat account of the IEPF Authority for which 
dividends remained unpaid / unclaimed for seven consecutive years or more.
In terms of the provisions of Section 125 of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, during the financial year under review, an 
amount of Rs. 9,68,847/-, which remained unpaid and unclaimed dividend for the financial year 2013-14, was 
transferred to the IEPF.
Further, the unpaid and unclaimed dividend amount lying with the Company for the financial year 2014-15 is 
due to transfer to the IEPF in the month of August 2022. The complete details of the same are available on the 
Company's website viz. https://menonbearings.in/investor-relations/investorinformation.
The Board has appointed Mr. Arun Aradhye, Whole Time Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company st
as the Nodal Officer effective from 21  October, 2016 to ensure compliance with the IEPF Rules.
INFORMATION UNDER THE SEXUAL HARRASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, 
PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013:
The Company has constituted an Internal Complaint Committee as required under Section 4 of the Sexual 
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. During the financial 
year under review, no complain was filed before the said Committee. No complain was pending at the 
beginning or end of the financial year under review.
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO: 
                                     
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, details regarding Conservation of Energy, Technology absorption, Foreign exchange earnings and 
outgo are given in Annexure - VI and forms part of this report.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D44
===== PAGE 47 =====
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited  
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN:00692754
Place
Date
: Kolhapurth
: 20 July, 2022
      
COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS:
The Company has devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable 
Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and your directors confirm 
compliance of the same during the financial year under review.
PROCEEDINGS UNDER INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016:
During the financial year under review, no application was made or proceeding initiated against the Company 
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 nor any such proceeding was pending at the end of the 
financial year under review.
VALUATION OF ASSETS:
During the financial year under review, there was no instance of one-time settlement of loans / financial 
assistance taken from Banks or Financial Institutions, hence the Company was not required to carry out 
valuation of its assets for the said purpose.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS:
Your Directors wish to place on record their gratitude for the continued co-operation and patronage extended 
by the esteemed customers both in OEM and Replacement Market segments. The Directors would also like to 
place on record their sincere appreciation for the continued co-operation, guidance, support and assistance 
extended during the financial year under report by our bankers, customers, suppliers and Government 
agencies. The Board of Directors wishes to express its appreciation for the valuable contribution made by the 
employees at all levels during the financial year under report.
                                                                                            
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 45
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 48 =====
The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of 
the company for the financial year 2021 - 22 :
Information as required under Rule 5(1) of the Companies
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
Details of the ratio of remuneration of each director to the median employee's remuneration
Sr. No. Name of the Director Ratio of remuneration to the median 
remuneration of the employees
1. Mr. Nitin Menon 26.85
2. Mr. R. D. Dixit 11.99
3. Mr. Arun Aradhye 12.65
(Median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the financial year 2021-22 is Rs. 4.14 Lakh).
(ii) The percentage increase in remuneration of each director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive 
Officer, Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year
Sr. No. Names of the Director / CFO / CS % Increase over last F.Y.
1. Mr. Nitin Menon (12.61)
2.  Mr. R. D. Dixit (1.18)
3. Mr. Arun Aradhye 9.45
4. Ms. Neha Harolikar- CS 7.40
(iii) The percentage increase in the median 
remuneration of employees in the financial year.
0.14
(iv) The number of permanent employees on the rolls 
of the company
239
(v) Average percentile increase already made in the 
salaries of employees other than the managerial 
personnel in the last financial year and its comparison 
with the percentile increase in the managerial 
remuneration and justification thereof and point out if 
there are any exceptional circumstances for increase 
in managerial remuneration.
Average percentile increase in 
Employee's other than managerial 
remuneration is 12.64% while 
managerial remuneration decreased 
by 5.37%.
We hereby confirm that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy recommended by 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company and adopted by the Company.
(vi)
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited  
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN:00692754
Place 
Date
: Kolhapur th
: 20  July, 2022
       
. .i()
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D46
Annexure - I 
===== PAGE 49 =====
Information as required under Rule 5(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 47
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
Annexure - II 
I
Sr
no.
Names of the top ten employees of the Company in terms of remuneration drawn
Name of
employee
Designation
of the 
employee
Remuneration 
received 
(Rs. in 
Lakh)
Nature of 
employment, 
whether 
contractual 
or otherwise
Qualifications 
/ experience 
of the 
employee
(in years)
Age 
(in years)
Last 
employment 
held before 
joining the 
Company
Date of 
commenc
ement of 
employment
The 
percentage 
of equity shares 
held by 
the employee 
in the Company 
within the 
meaning of 
Clause (iii) 
of sub-rule 
(2) Rule 5 
Whether 
any such 
employee is 
a relative of 
any director 
or manager 
of the 
Company 
and if so, 
name of 
such director 
or manager
1. Mr. Nitin
Menon
Executive  
Chairman 
111.28 Contractual B.Com / 28 54 -01.10.1992 35.37* -
2. Mr. Arun
Aradhye 
Whole
Time
Director &
CFO
52.44 M.Com, 
GDC & A,
LLB (Spl),
CA (Inter) / 45
65 Ghatge 
Patil 
Transport, 
Kolhapur
31.01.2011 0.00008
3. Mr. R. D.
Dixit
Managing 
Director 
49.67 Contractual 79 -01.10.1992 Nil
4. Mr. Ranjeet 
Babasaheb
Bhosale
Chief 
Operating 
Officer
27.96 Permanent B.E. Mech
/ 30
56 Thyssen 
Group, 
Pune
02.07.1992 0.00006
5.
Mr. Prashant 
Dattatraya 
Hanamar
Deputy 
General 
Manager
12.00 Permanent B.E. / 29 55 Xlo Mechine 
Tools Ltd, 
Thane
14.07.1994 Nil
6. Mr. Nilesh 
Maniklal 
Tiwari
16.08 Permanent DME, DBM, 
B.TECH 
(MECH.)
/ 19
55 Maharashtra 
Scootars
Ltd.
24.08.2018 NilAssistant 
General 
Manager
8.
Mr. Aditya 
Nitin 
Menon
Permanent M.E (UK) / 3 24 -20.10.2019 5.79Executive 
Assistant  to 
Chairman
Permanent
27.61
-
-
-
-
7. Mr.
Shantaram 
Bapu Dhond
14.21 Permanent B.E. / 26 48 Mani Auto 
Components, 
Kolhapur
NilGeneral 
Manager
-
Yes
Mr. Nitin Menon,
Executive  
Chairman 
B.E. Mech
/ 54
-
06.10.2006
9. Mr. Ganpati 
Appaji 
Sankpal
11.64 Permanent ITI -
Draughtsman 
Mech / 36
5701.06.1992 0.004 -Assistant 
General 
Manager, 
(Engineering 
Dept)
Menon
Piston Ltd., 
Kolhapur
===== PAGE 50 =====
Mr. Ghatage 
Chadrakant  
Ramchandra
9.89 Permanent B.COM / 27 54 Mani Auto 
Components, 
Kolhapur 
01.10.2020 NilAssistant 
General 
Manager, 
(Accounts & 
Finance Dept)
II
III
IV
Remuneration includes salary, various allowances, contribution to Provident Fund and taxable value of Perks.
Name of employees who were employed throughout the financial year 2021-22 or part thereof and were paid remuneration in excess of 
Managing Director or Whole-time Director or Manager and holds along with his spouse and dependent children not less than 2% of equity 
shares of the Company - NIL
10.
Employees drawing remuneration of Rs. 8,50,000/- per month or Rs.1,02,00,000/- per annum or more during the financial year
* The percentage of equity shares held includes that of the spouse
-
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D48
Employee Name
Mr. Nitin Menon
Designation Educational
Qualification
Age (years) Experience 
 (in years)
Date of 
Commencement
of employment
Previous employment
and designation
Remuneration
paid
(Rs. in Lakh)
Executive
Chairman
B. Com 54 28 years st
1  October, 1992 111.28 -
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited  
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN:00692754
Place
Date
: Kolhapur th
: 20  July, 2022
       
===== PAGE 51 =====
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
ST
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31  MARCH 2022
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Menon Bearings Limited
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence 
to good corporate practices by Menon Bearings Limited (hereinafter called 'the Company'). The Secretarial 
Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluation of the corporate conducts 
/ statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Company's books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other 
records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the st
Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31  March, 2022 ('Audit Period') 
complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made 
hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the st
Company for the financial year ended 31  March, 2022 according to the provisions of:
(i)     The Companies Act, 2013 (”the Act”) and the rules made thereunder;
(ii)     The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made thereunder;
(iii)     The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv)     Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent 
of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings (not 
applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
 (v)    The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act'):
(i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers)   
      Regulations, 2011;
(ii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
(iii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)  
Regulations, 2018 (not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); 
(iv) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021 (not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
 (v)  The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008 
and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) 
Regulations, 2021 (not applicable during the review period);
(vi) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
(vii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 and the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 (not 
applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 49
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
Annexure - III 
===== PAGE 52 =====
(viii) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (not 
  applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); and
  (ix) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
  Regulations, 2015.
(vi)    As informed and certified by the management, there are no laws that are specifically applicable to the 
business activities carried on by the Company based on its section / industry.
 I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the Secretarial Standards (SS – 1 and  SS – 2) 
issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
During the period under review, the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards etc. mentioned above.
I further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that 
took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notices were given to all the directors and members to schedule the Board and Committee Meetings 
respectively, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system 
exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting 
and for meaningful participation at the meetings. 
All decisions at Board Meetings and Committee Meetings were taken unanimously as recorded in the minutes 
of the meetings of the Board of Directors or Committees of the Board, as the case may be.
 
I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size 
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines.
I further report that during the audit period there was no specific event or action in pursuance of the above 
referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. having a major bearing on the Company's affairs.Notes:
1. This report is to be read with my letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure-I and forms an integral part   
of this report.
2. In the wake of COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, the Company provided books, papers, minute books, 
registers, forms and returns and other records maintained by it by electronic means for my audit and I could 
not verify the original documents physically.  However, the management of the Company has confirmed that 
all documents provided by electronic means are true and correct copies of original documents.
CS Manish Baldeva 
Proprietor
M. No. FCS 6180; C.P. No. 11062
Peer Review No. 1436/2021
UDIN: F006180D000310605
Place : Thaneth 
Date   : 12 May, 2022
For M Baldeva Associates
Company Secretaries
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D50
===== PAGE 53 =====
‘Annexure I’
To,
The Members,
Menon Bearings Limited
My report of even date is to read along with this letter.
1.     Maintenance of secretarial records is responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility 
is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
2.    I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance 
about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.  The verification was done on test basis to 
ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I 
followed, provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.
3.     I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Book of Accounts of the 
Company.
4.     Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules 
and regulations and happening of events etc.
5.    The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulation, standards is 
the responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on the test 
basis.
6.    The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 51
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
CS Manish Baldeva 
Proprietor
M. No. FCS 6180; C.P. No. 11062
Peer Review No. 1436/2021
UDIN: F006180D000310605
Place : Thaneth 
Date   : 12 May, 2022
For M Baldeva Associates
Company Secretaries
===== PAGE 54 =====
ANNEXURE - IV
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES
The CSR policy of the Company lays down the guidelines to make CSR a key business process 
for sustainable development of the society. The CSR policy also encompasses the scope of 
CSR activities of the Company. The CSR policy of the Company is available on the Company's 
website i.e. https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54df3692e4b0d9caed7742ae/t/60686d8e19c1e70c
73d1c732/1617456533030/CSR+policy.pdf
1) Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:
2) Composition of the CSR Committee
Designation / Nature 
of Directorship
Sr.
No.
Names of Director  Number of Meetings of 
CSR Committee held 
during the financial year
Number of Meetings of 
CSR Committee attended 
during the financial year
 1. Mr. Nitin Menon Chairperson, 
Executive Chairman  2  2
 2. Mr. R. D. Dixit Member, Managing
Director  2  2
 3. Mr. M. L. Shinde Member, Independent, 
Non-Executive Director  2  2
 4. Mr. Arun Aradhye Member, Whole Time
Director & CFO  2  2
 5. Member, Independent, 
Non-Executive Director  2  1
3) Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved 
    by the board are disclosed on the website of the Company:
4) Provide the details of Impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of  
Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable (attach 
the report): Not  Applicable
5) Details of the amount available for set off in pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 7 of the Companies 
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014 and amount required for set off for the financial 
year, if any:
6)   Average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5):  2,655.31 LakhRs.
7)  (a) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per Section 135(5):Rs. 53.11 Lakh 
     (b) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years:NIL
     (c) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: NIL 
     (d) Total CSR obligation for the financial year (7a+7b-7c): Rs. 53.11 Lakh
Sr.
No. Financial 
year
Amount available for set-off from 
preceding financial years (in Rs)
Amount required to be set-off for 
the financial year, if any (in Rs)
Nil
https://menonbearings.in/investor-relations/corporategovernance 
Mr. Santosh Prabhu
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D52
===== PAGE 55 =====
Total Amount Spent 
for the financial 
year (in Rs.)
Amount Unspent  (in Rs.)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per Section 135(6)
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to Section 135(5)
Amount Name of the
Fund
Date of 
transfer
18,53,255 35,17,644 N.A.th
27  April, 2022
 8) a)  CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Amount Date of 
transfer
N.A. N.A.
Name of the 
Project
Item from the 
list of activities 
in Schedule 
VII to the Act
b)  Details of CSR amount spent against ongoing projects for the financial year:
Local 
area
(Yes/
No)
Location of 
the project
(State & 
District)
Project
duration
Amount 
allocated
for the 
project 
(in Rs.)
Amount 
spent in 
the current
financial 
Year 
(in Rs.)
Amount
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR Account
for the 
project as 
per Section 
135(6)
(in Rs.)
Mode of
Implementation
Direct
(Yes / No)
Construction 
of Auditorium 
at Gokul 
Shirgaon, 
MIDC, 
Kolhapur. 
Promoting 
education, 
including 
special 
education and 
employment 
enhancing 
vocation skills 
especially 
among children, 
women, elderly 
and the 
differently abled 
and livelihood 
enhancement 
projects.
Yes GOSHIMA, 
(Gokul 
Shirgaon 
Manufac-
turers 
Association), 
MIDC, 
Kolhapur, 
Maharashtra 
3 years 2,25,00,000 Nil 35,17,644 YES
Sr.
No.
1.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 53
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 56 =====
Sr. 
No.
Name of the Projects Item from the list of 
activities in Schedule 
VII to the Act
Mode of
implementation
Direct
(Yes/No)
Amount
spent for
the project
(in Rs.)
Location of the 
project
Local
area
(Yes/No)
1. Financial Assistance 
given for wrestling 
sports, Kolhapur  to Mr. 
Ramprasad Jambhale
Training to promote rural 
sports, nationally 
recognised sports, 
paralympic sports and 
olympic sports
 Yes1,80,000Kolhapur, 
Maharashtra, 
India 
Yes
c)  Details of CSR amount spent against other than ongoing projects for the financial year:
2. Financial Assistance 
given for enhancing 
vocational skills to 
underprivileged 
labourers for preparation 
of Kolhapuri chappals, 
Kolhapur
Promotion and 
development of traditional 
art and handicrafts
10,72,512Kolhapur, 
Maharashtra, 
India 
Yes
3. Distribution of masks, 
medicines and sanitizers 
to public at large to 
support against Covid-19 
in Kolhapur
Promotion of health care 
including preventive health 
care and sanitisation and 
Disaster Management
41,063Kolhapur, 
Maharashtra, 
India 
Yes
4. Oxygen Concentrator 
given for Covid-19 Relief 
to public at large
Promotion of health care 
including preventive health 
care and sanitization and 
Disaster Management
2,50,880Kolhapur, 
Maharashtra, 
India 
Yes
5. Contribution given to 
Vidyamandir Toap, 
Kolhapur towards 
construction of school 
building towards 
promotion of rural 
education
2,70,000Kolhapur, 
Maharashtra, 
India 
Yes
6. Financial assistance given 
for education of under-
privileged
Promotion of education
(Through
Implementing
Agency) Name-
Dilkhush Welfare
Society, Mumbai
CSR Registration
No. CSR00011661 
25,000Mumbai, 
Maharashtra, 
India
Yes
7. Contribution given to 
Dattabal English Medium 
School  towards tuition 
fees for education of 
economically backward 
girls
Promotion of education  Yes13,800Kolhapur, 
Maharashtra, 
India 
Yes
Promotion of education
 Yes
 Yes
 Yes
 Yes
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D54
No
===== PAGE 57 =====
d) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: NIL
e) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not Applicable
f)  Total amount spent for the Financial Year (8b+8c+8d+8e): Rs. 18,53,255
g) Excess amount for set off, if any.
 
Sr. No. Particulars Amount
( i ) Two percent of average net 
profit of the Company as per 
Section 135(5)
Rs. 53.11 Lakh
(ii) Total amount spent for the 
Financial Year
Rs. 18.53 Lakh
(iii) Excess amount spent for the 
financial year [(ii)-(i)] Nil 
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR 
projects or programmes or 
activities of the previous financial 
years, if any
Nil 
(v) Nil 
Sr. 
No.
Preceding Financial 
year
Amount
transferred to
Unspent CSR
Account under
Section 135 (6)
Amount
remaining to
be spent in
succeeding
financial
years 
Amount transferred to any fund 
spacefied under Schedule VII as 
per Section 135(6), if any
Amount spent
in the reporting
Financial Year
9)  (a) Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: (Rs. in Lakh)
1. 2020-21 98.88
Name of the
fund
60.12
Amount Date of 
transfer
Nil -
40.63
2. 2019-20 3.14 1.27 1.87
3. 2018-19 Nil Nil Nil
-
Amount available for set off in 
succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)]
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 55
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 58 =====
b) Details of CSR amount spent in the financial year for ongoing projects of the preceding financial year(s):
(a)     Date of creation or acquisition of the capital asset (s): None
(b)     Amount of CSR spent for creation or acquisition of capital asset: Nil
(c)     Details of the entity or public authority or beneficiary under whose name such capital asset is registered, their 
address etc.: Not Applicable
(d)    Provide details of the capital asset(s) created or acquired (including complete address and location of the capital 
asset): Not Applicable.
Place: Kolhapurth
Date:   20  July, 2022
Nitin Menon 
Chairman, CSR Committee
DIN:00692754
R. D. Dixit 
Managing Director
DIN:00626827
10)  In case of creation or acquisition of capital asset, furnish the details relating to the asset so created or acquired 
       through CSR spent in the financial year (asset-wise details):
11)  Specify the reason(s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per Section 
135(5):
The unspent amount of Rs. 35,17,644 has been transferred by the Company to Menon Bearings Ltd. – Unspent CSR A/c  
21-22 within a period of 30 days from the end of the financial year as per the provisions of Section 135(6) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. The unspent amount will be spent in the financial year 2022-23 towards long term project of the Company i.e. 
Construction of Auditorium.
Project
 ID
Name of the 
Project
Financial
Year in
which the
project was
commenced
Project
duration
Total
amount
allocated
for the
project
Amount
spent on 
the project 
in the 
reporting
Financial
Year
Cumulative
amount 
spent at the 
end of
reporting
Financial
Year
Status of the
project -
Completed
/Ongoing.
N.A. 2019-20 3 years Rs. 2.25 
Crore 
Rs. 60.12 
Lakh
Rs. 115.14 
Lakh
OngoingConstruction of 
Auditorium at 
Gokul Shirgaon, 
MIDC, Kolhapur
(recognized 
as ongoing 
project)
Sr.
No.
1.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D56
===== PAGE 59 =====
Annexure - V
FORM NO. AOC-2
Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
ParticularsSr. No. Details 
M/s. Mani Auto Components, a partnership firm in 
which Director and his relatives are interested
Name(s) of the related party and nature 
of relationship
1.
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts / arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties 
referred to in sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms-length 
transactions under third proviso thereto.
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm's length basis:
The Company has not entered into any contract or arrangement or transaction with its related parties which is 
not at arm's length basis during the financial year 2021-22.
2. Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm's length basis:
Sale, purchase or supply of goods, or property of any
kind, whether movable or immovable and availing or
rendering of any services
Nature of Contracts / arrangements /
transactions 
2.
st st 
1  April, 2021 to 31 March, 2024Duration of the contracts / arrangements 
/ transactions
3.
F.Y. 2021-22- Rs. 4000 Lakh
F.Y. 2022-23- Rs. 6000 Lakh
F.Y. 2023-24- Rs. 7000 Lakh
Salient terms of the contracts or 
arrangements or transactions including 
the value if any
4.
th
26  May, 2020 th
and revised on 12  May, 2022Date(s) of approval by the Board, if any5.
NilAmount paid as advances, if any 6.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
  of Menon Bearings Limited
Place
Date
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
          DIN:00692754
: Kolhapurth
: 20  July, 2022
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 57
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 60 =====
Annexure - VI
STATEMENT OF CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO [ PURSUANT TO PROVISIONS OF SECTION 134 OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014 ]
I.   CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
     i.   Steps Taken or impact on conservation of energy:
2)  Benefits derived as a result of above 
     effort e.g. product improvement, cost 
     reduction, product development etc.
1)  Efforts in brief made towards Technology 
     Absorption, Adaptation and Innovation
● Quality improved as well as output increased.
● Setting time reduced.
● Appropriate quality parts are produced.
     Reduced cycle times, higher productivity and quality.
3)   In case of imported technology 
● Installed Pocket Milling and Bolt Notch Machine.
● Installed Grooving Machine for Line Balancing in 
existing lines.
● Developed Top Lip Punching operation.
● Developed tools for quick setting of coining operation.
● Mold flows are carried out to optimize die design and 
reliable product engineering.
●  Innovative ideas are implemented to develop new 
machining designs and production.
A. Technology Absorption, Adaptation & Innovation
Nil
   
  The Company continues to take steps to improve energy conservation and utilization. Energy conservation 
measures have been taken and implemented wherever possible in all the plants and offices of the Company. 
Following  are  the  highlights:-
      Utility  2 A ir  Compressor  replaced  with  new  G  160  Compressor.
     Flange Line Rolling Mill HYD Motor changed with High EFF. Motor.
     Powder Foundry Area 250 Metal Hallied Lamp changed with LED of 45 Watt.
     Appropriate size of Capacitors are installed near the use point to maintain unity power factor.
     Servo controlled motors are utilized in die casting machines for optimum power usage. 
     ii.  Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternative sources of energy:
      Use of natural gas for alloy melting is being considered for future requirement as an alternate source to   
electricity. 
iii. The capital investment on energy conservation equipments: Nil for F.Y. 2021-22
II.  TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D58
===== PAGE 61 =====
Place
Date
: Kolhapurth
: 20 July, 2022
Activities relating to export initiative for 
development of new export markets for products, 
services and exports. 
III. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
Currently, the Company is exporting its products to U.S.A. 
U.K., Japan, Italy, France, China, Mexico, Brazil, Belgium 
etc. 
Total foreign exchange used and earned   Current Year
(Rs. in Lakh)  
Previous Year
(Rs. in Lakh) 
Imports
Direct Export
Deemed 
Export
95.96
4,446.68
1,203.88
Used
Earned
1)
2)
● During the year under report, the Company further improved the   
overlay material for lead free application which is BS-VI Compliant.
● Developed PTFE Bush for further applications.
●      Heat treatment of Aluminum alloys to develop higher strength parts.
Benefits derived as a result of 
above
Specific areas in which R & D 
is being  carried out by the 
Company
3) Future plan of action
4) Expenditure on R & D a)    Capital WIP: Nil
b)    Recurring:  Rs.71.49 Lakh 
c)    Total: Rs.71.49 Lakh
d)   Total R & D expenditure as a percentage of total turnover : 0.36%
B.   Research and Development (R&D):
● Lead free overlay BS-VI requirements achieved.
● Eliminated cost of lubrication and increased the performance as  
coefficient of friction is very less.
●       High strength Aluminum parts for customers, giving higher 
reliability.
● Proposed nitrogen plant installation for material quality 
improvement & cost reduction. 
●      To support customers for Dfm & Dfx.
73.00
5,150.36
1,913.62
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
  of Menon Bearings Limited
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
          DIN:00692754
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 59
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 62 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis Report 
A.      INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND DEVELOPMENTS:
Indian Economy Overview:
The India Economy is a middle income developing market economy. It is world’s fifth largest economy by nominal 
GDP and the third - largest by purchasing power parity (PPP).
                                                                                                                                                     
In the financial year 2021-22, India's real GDP stood at Rs. 147.40 Lakh crore, growing by 8.7%.
th
According to data from the Department of Economic Affairs, as of 28  January, 2022, Foreign Exchange 
Reserves in India reached US$ 634.287 billion mark.
Indian economy has gained momentum during July-September period, inching gradually back to normalcy as 
coronavirus related disruptions eased significantly in the aftermath of a devastating second wave.
According to the Economic Survey 2021-22, growth will be supported by “widespread vaccine coverage, gains 
from supply-side reforms and easing of regulations, robust export growth and availability of fiscal space to ramp 
up capital spending”. Indian economy is set to grow at 8-8.5% in the financial year 2023, the finance ministry said 
in the Economic Survey 2021-22.
Industrial Review:
Auto-components industry accounts for 7.1% of India's Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
The industry can be broadly classified into organised and unorganised sectors. The organised sector caters to 
original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and consists of high-value precision instruments while the 
unorganised sector comprises low-valued products and caters mostly to the aftermarket category.
The automobile component industry turnover stood at Rs. 1.96 Lakh Crore between April–September 2021, 
registering a growth of 65% over the first half of the previous financial year. In first half of the financial year 2022, 
exports of auto components grew by 76% to Rs. 68.70 Lakh Crore.  As per the Automobile Component 
Manufacturers Association (ACMA) forecast, automobile component exports from India are expected to reach 
US$ 80 billion by 2026. The Indian auto components industry is expected to reach US$ 200 billion in revenue by 
2026.
The domestic auto components industry is expected to see a revenue growth of 15-17 per cent this fiscal and 10-
12 per cent in the next financial year on the back of recovery in automobile sales after having remained subdued 
in the last couple of years, according to a report.
India has a very strong position in the international market. It is the largest manufacturer of tractors, second-
largest manufacturer for buses and the third largest for heavy trucks in the world. 
In the financial year 2021-22, according to the report of Brickwork Ratings, the profitability of auto component 
players was expected to decline on account of high raw material prices. Auto component suppliers generally 
pass on price hikes to OEMs. However, in the current scenario, it will take some time, and auto component 
players will have to take a hit on their profitability to safeguard volume growth.
According to the report, decline in the sales of automobiles in the past couple of years due to the economic 
slowdown in financial year 2018-19, price hike and anticipation of BS-VI in financial year 2019-20 as well as the 
coronavirus pandemic, among other factors, had a severe impact on the auto components industry.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D60
===== PAGE 63 =====
In the first half of the current fiscal, automobile sales recovered strongly on account of pent-up demand and a 
preference for personal mobility. 
However, there has been a setback on the supply side, with the shortage of semiconductor chips hampering the 
production schedule of OEMs, thereby restricting recovery in the overall automotive value chain.
This would allow the industry to explore new markets by taking advantage of the prevailing anti-China 
sentiments. However, the growth projections will hold true only if there is a limited and short-term impact of 
omicron and no major disruptions happen worldwide on account of pandemic, the report stated.
Increased value-addition to meet regulatory compliance, fast recovery in external markets and traction in the 
domestic aftermarket have contributed to the growth of the sector in the financial year 2021-22.
In the financial year 2022-23, demand for auto components is likely to increase on the back of an expected rise in 
demand for automobiles after degrowth in the last two years. 
Achievements:
Following are some of the Government's achievements in the past four years:
* Production of two wheelers, passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles and three wheelers reached 18.34 
million, 3.06 million, 0.62 million and 0.61 million respectively in the financial year 2021-22.
* Under National Automotive Testing and research and development R&D Infrastructure Project (NATRiP), 
various facilities including passive safety labs comprising of crash core facility and crash instrumentations 
including dummies were established at International Centre For Automotive Technology (iCAT) at Manesar 
and Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI-Pune).
* To give a fresh thrust to e-mobility in public transport, department of Heavy Industry announced the launch of 
public and shared mobility based on electric powertrain.
Road ahead- Futuristic Outlook:
The Indian auto-components industry is set to become the third largest in the world by 2025. Indian auto-
component makers are well positioned to benefit from the globalisation of the sector as export potential could be 
increased.
India has a very strong position in the international market. It is the largest manufacturer of tractors, second-
largest manufacturer for buses and the third largest for heavy trucks in the world.
In November 2020, the Union Cabinet approved PLI scheme in automobile and auto components with an 
approved financial outlay over a five-year period of Rs. 57,042 Crore (US$ 8.1 billion). In September 2021, the 
Indian government issued notification regarding a PLI scheme for automobile and auto components worth Rs. 
25,938 Crore (US$ 3.49 billion). In February 2022, the government has received investment proposals worth 
Rs.45,016 Crore (US$ 6.04 billion) from 20 automotive companies under the PLI Auto scheme. This scheme is 
expected to create an incremental output of Rs. 2,31,500 Crore (US$ 31.08 billion).
Government has come out with Automotive Mission Plan (AMP) 2016-26 which will help the automotive industry 
to grow and will benefit Indian economy in the following ways:
* Contribution of auto industry in the Country's GDP will rise to over 12%.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 61
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 64 =====
* Around 65 million incremental number of direct and indirect jobs will be created.
* End of life Policy will be implemented for old vehicles.
Few trends that are favourable for the industry are as below:
* Growing working population and expanding middle class are expected to remain key demand drivers.
* India is emerging as a global hub for auto component sourcing and the industry exports over 25% of its 
production annually.
* Auto component exports are expected to grow at 23.9% annually to reach US$ 80 billion by 2026.
* India has a competitive advantage in auto components categories such as shafts, bearings, fasteners, etc. 
This factor is likely to result into higher exports in coming years.
* India is the second largest steel producer globally, hence has a cost advantage.
B.     OPPORTUNITIES AND THREATS: 
The Opportunities ahead:
* Increasing focus on after market.
*        Pursue export opportunities aggressively.
*  Enhance import substitution. 
*        OEMS' to drive local suppliers to partner with global players to get access to better technology.
*    Opportunity for global OEM's to de-risk supply base- India offers strong credentials, established   
relationships and competitive cost proposition to become an alternative sourcing venue to China for global 
OEM's, hence, de-risking the supply base.
Menon Bearings Limited is into manufacturing of critical auto components and will be looking for similar auto 
components to be manufactured having good amount of potential market. 
Threats:
At present the industry faces the following threats: 
a. Increasing cost of input raw materials.
b. Competition from unorganized players.
c. Uncertainty like lockdowns due to Covid-19 pandemic.
Future Challenges:
Multiple trends, which may have impact in shaping the future of the automotive and auto components industry, 
can be:
 
1.      Technology upgradation:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D62
===== PAGE 65 =====
 The migration to BS-6 norms poses challenges for the Indian auto components manufacturers due to the  
technology-intensive nature of the management modules of BS-6. To bridge this gap, engaging in JVs with 
leading firms could play a pivotal role.
2.      Changing OEM needs. 
3.     Constantly shifting market dynamics due to changing manufacturing locales, customer demands, operating 
models and priorities.
4.      Expedited enforcement of stringent emission norms.
5.      Continuously increasing prices of raw materials. 
C.     SEGMENT-WISE OR PRODUCT-WISE PERFORMANCE: 
The segment-wise products consist of Original Equipment Manufacture (OEM), After Market and Exports. The 
Company has a strong share of business in the OE Segment and has been upgrading its capabilities to stay 
technologically relevant to the segment. In the After Market and Export Segments, the Company supplies parts 
for several applications. The Company's constant endeavour to upgrade technology and reduce costs has been 
its strength. The products manufactured consist of Bearings, Bushes, Thrust Washers, Strips and Aluminium Die 
Casting Components. Maximum turnover is recorded in Bearings and Bushes. OEM & Exports both segments 
have shown improvement.  
D.     OUTLOOK:
The increase in the demand for the Company's products used in segments like heavy vehicles, tractors, 
electrical and strips are expected to offer good opportunities for the Company coupled with effective cost control 
measures undertaken. Your Company has commenced its actions to be a part of this change with appropriate 
product and solutions for customers. The outlook for the year is expected to be higher throughout the year. 
E.      RISKS AND CONCERNS:
The Board of Directors regularly overview external and internal risks associated with the operations of the 
Company and carries out its impact assessment and effective implementation of the mitigation plans and risk 
reporting is conducted.
F.      INTERNAL CONTROL SYSTEMS  AND THEIR  ADEQUACY:
The Company has in place proper and adequate Internal Audit System that promotes reliable financial reporting, 
safeguards assets, encourages adherence to fair management and ethical conduct. Additionally, the Company 
has in place proper and adequate internal control systems which have been designed in a way that, they not only 
prevent fraud and misuse of the Company's resources but also protect shareholders' interest. Internal control 
systems comprise of policies and procedures which are designed to ensure reliability of financial reporting, 
compliance with policies, procedures, applicable laws and regulations. The Audit Committee of the Board of 
Directors, on regular intervals and in co-ordination with Internal and Statutory Auditors, reviews the adequacy of 
Internal Control Systems within the Company. 
Based upon the recommendations of the Audit Committee, an Annual Audit Plan (AAP) is prepared and is 
reviewed periodically by the top management and the Audit Committee. The internal audit focuses on 
compliances as well as on robustness of various business processes. A feedback on non-conformities along with 
recommendation for process improvements is directly provided to the top management of the Company. 
Compliance on audit findings and tracking of process improvements is regularly carried out. 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 63
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 66 =====
Financial Performance:
    
    
    
    
          0.00
15000.00
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total Income
10000.00
20000.00
5000.00
G.  DISCUSSION ON FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WITH RESPECT TO OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE: 
   
   
    
    
   
    
      
2000
1000
0.00
3000
4000
2018 2019 2020 20222021
Proﬁt Before Tax
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D64
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
    
1500.00
1000.00
500.00
2000.00
2500.00
20192018 2020 2021 2022
Proﬁt After Tax
    
 
   
 
   
 
   
     
    
2
1
0
3
4
2020 202220212018 2019
Earnings Per Share    
 
   
   5
 Year 
Income
(Rs. in Lakh)
2018
2020
2019
14678.20
17541.38
15090.09
14035.59
2021
Financial
19800.382022
PBT
(Rs. in Lakh)
2018
2019
2020
2021
3233.51
3610.20
1960.67
2487.17
Year
Financial
2022 3235.14
2107.35
2529.68
1439.80
1880.00
PAT
( Rs. in Lakh)
2018
2019
2020
2021  
Year
Financial
2453.382022
 
3.76
4.51
2.57
3.35
EPS
( in Rs. )Year
Financial
4.38
2018
2019
2020
2021  
2022
===== PAGE 67 =====
H.  MATERIAL DEVELOPMENTS IN HUMAN RESOURCES / INDUSTRIAL RELATIONS FRONT,   
      INCLUDING NUMBER OF PEOPLE EMPLOYED:
Development in Human Resources:
Since its inception, your Company has always viewed its employees as its great strength. The Company 
strives to develop the most superior workforce so that it can accomplish along with the individual employees, 
their work goals and services to its customers and stakeholders. Our fundamental belief in immense power of 
human potential and team work is epitomised in our 'WE' approach. To us, 'WE' represents a strong collective 
energy. A transformational force that stimulates enterprise accelerates our constant pursuit of excellence and 
empowers our people to realise their full potential. The Company also believes human resources as the st
supporting pillars for the organization's success. As on 31  March, 2022, the Company had 239 permanent 
employees.
Development and Up-gradation of Technology:
All the staff members working in manufacturing departments have been advised to take different projects:
1.  To reduce rejection and wastage in raw materials and consumables;
2.  To reduce setting time and to focus on production;
3.  To maximise automation to increase productivity;
4.  To optimize production activities to reduce electrical energy per unit of production;
5.  To work on packing to enhance preservation and safety; and
6.  To develop new items in shortest possible time to have early business.
       
This is an ongoing process and projects are getting completed one by one and new projects are being 
undertaken. This has resulted in increase in top as well as bottom line.
Global Approach:
The Company trusts its capabilities to capture every opportunity of business in the global arena. Your 
Company is globally positioned with business activities spanning 24 countries around the globe. Exporting 
about 30% of its production, it enjoys strong brand equity among leading OEM's all over the world.
Forward Looking Statements:
Certain statements in this Management Discussion and Analysis Report describing the Company's objectives, 
projections, estimates, expectations or predictions may be “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of 
applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ from those expressed or implied therein. 
Important factors that could make a difference include raw material availability and prices thereof, cyclical 
demand and pricing in the Company's principal markets, changes in Government regulations and tax regime, 
economic developments within India and the countries in which the Company conducts business and other 
incidental factors.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 65
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 68 =====
I.  DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS, ALONG WITH DETAILED  
      EXPLANATIONS THEREFOR:
Key Financial Ratios:
In accordance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the 
Company is required to give details of significant changes (change of 25% or more as compared to the 
immediately previous financial year) in key sector specific financial ratios. The Company has identified 
following ratios as key financial ratios:
Debt Equity ratio is improved as compared to immediately previous financial year on account of reduction in 
debt in financial year 2021-22 as compared to financial year 2020-21.  Appropriate utilisation of working capital 
with increase in profits and reduction in the rate of interest helped to improve the Interest Coverage Ratio.
J.  DETAILS OF ANY CHANGE IN RETURN ON NET WORTH AS COMPARED TO THE IMMEDIATELY 
      PREVIOUS FINANCIAL YEAR ALONG WITH A DETAILED EXPLANATION THEREOF:
Return on Net Worth in the financial year 2021-22 was 21.91% as compared to 19.04% in the immediately 
previous financial year 2020-21. During the financial year under review, return on Net Worth increased by 15% 
as compared to immediately previous financial year mainly because of increased profits.
Debtors Turnover 
Inventory Turnover 
Ratios
Interest Coverage Ratio 
Current Ratio  
Debt Equity Ratio 
 Operating Profit Margin (%)
Net Profit Margin (%)
2021-22
4.10
8.13
13.48
2.07
0.21
17.88
12.39
2020-21
3.70
7.06
7.97
1.84
0.30
18.85
12.46
% change
11
15
69
12
-30
-5
-1
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D66
===== PAGE 69 =====
1. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
         1.1 Company's philosophy on Corporate Governance:
 
    At Menon Bearings Limited, Corporate Governance has been an integral part of the way we have been 
doing our business since inception. We believe that good Corporate Governance emerges from the 
application of the best and sound management practices and compliance with the laws coupled with 
adherence to the highest standards of transparency and business ethics. Corporate Governance, as an 
integral principle, is adhered by the Board of Directors and management of your Company ensuring 
fairness, accountability, transparency in all dealings and functioning of the management and the Board. 
The Company strives for an enduring relationship with the stakeholders and protection of their interests.
     The Company places great emphasis on values such as empowerment, integrity and safety of its 
employees and communities surrounding our plants, transparency in decision making process, fair and 
ethical dealings with all, pollution free clean environment and last but not the least, accountability to all 
the stakeholders. These practices, being followed since the inception, have contributed to the 
Company's sustained growth. 
         This report contains the details of implementation of the Corporate Governance by the Company which is 
in line with the requirements under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).
 
         1.2  Governance Structure:
    Menon Bearings governance structure follows the principles of freedom to the executive management 
within a given framework to ensure that the powers vested in the executive management are exercised 
with due care and responsibility so as to meet the expectation of all the stakeholders. In line with these 
principles, the Company has formed three tiers of Corporate Governance structure, viz.:
 
  (i)   The Board of Directors - The primary role of the Board is to protect the interest and enhance value 
for all the stakeholders. It ensures overall strategic supervision and control by setting up the goals 
and targets, policies, reporting mechanism and accountability and decision making process to be 
followed.
  (ii) Committees of Directors - The different Committees namely, Audit Committee, Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee are constituted to focus on financial reporting, audit and internal controls, 
compliance issues, appointment and remuneration of Directors and Senior Management 
Employees, implementation and monitoring of CSR activities and the risk management framework.
  (iii) Executive Management - The entire business including the support services are managed with 
specifically defined responsibilities and authorities at different levels.
Report on Corporate Governance
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015] 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 67
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 70 =====
2. BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 2.1   Composition :
The Company has a very balanced and diverse Board of Directors, which comprises of experienced, 
competent and highly renowned persons from the fields of manufacturing, finance, taxation, economics, 
law, governance, etc. The Board of Directors along with its Committees provides leadership and 
guidance to the management and directs and supervises the performance of the Company, thereby 
enhancing stakeholders' value. The Board represents an optimal mix of professionalism, knowledge and 
experience and has been vested with requisite powers, authorities and duties. The Board plays an 
imperative role in the management, strategic directions and performance of the Company. 
The directors take active part at the Board and Committee meetings by providing valuable guidance to 
the management on various aspects of business, policy direction, governance, compliance, etc. and play 
critical role on strategic issues, which enhances the transparency and add value in the decision making 
process of the Company.
The composition of the Board also complies with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and st 
the Listing Regulations. As on 31 March, 2022, the total Board strength comprised of 6 directors having 3 
executive and 3 non-executive independent directors. 
The directors are appointed or re-appointed with the approval of the shareholders and shall remain in 
office as per their terms of appointment.
 
 2.2 Meetings, agenda and proceedings etc. of the Board of Directors:
     Meetings:
   The Board generally meets 4 (four) times during a financial year. Additional meetings are held when 
necessary. The Directors are also given an option of attending the Board meetings through Video 
Conferencing, whenever they request for the same. During the financial year under review, the Board of th rd th th
Directors duly met 4 (four) times on 14  May, 2021, 23  July, 2021, 20  October, 2021 and 5  February, th
2022. The previous Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company was held on 30  July, 2021. The 
attendance record of the directors at the Board meetings and at last AGM are as under:
Mr. R. D. Dixit Managing Director 142.
1.
Board
Meetings
Yes
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director    
No. of Director-
ships in other 
Companies
Attendance
Last
AGM
Category
1
Chairman
1
No. of Committee 
positions held in 
other companies
Membership
st
As on  31  March, 2022
-4 Yes -Mr. Nitin Menon Promoter, Executive 
Chairman 
Disclosure of 
relationship 
between 
Directors inter se
Not Related
-
No. of 
Shares 
held
Nil
1,70,16,780
3.   Mr. Arun Aradhye Whole Time
Director & CFO -4 - - Not Related 50
Not Related
Yes
4.   Mr. Gajendra Vasath
(upto 27  October,2021) No N.A2Independent, Non- 
Executive Director Not Related Nil
5.   Independent, Non- 
Executive Director -4 -Yes -Mr. M. L. Shinde Not Related Nil
N.A N.A
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D68
===== PAGE 71 =====
Notes:  
   
1. The directorship held by directors and number of Committee positions held in other companies as 
mentioned above does not include private limited companies, foreign companies, high value debt listed 
entities and companies registered under Section 8 of the Act.
2. Membership / Chairmanship of Board Committees includes only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee in all public limited companies as provided under Regulation 26(1)(b) of the 
Listing Regulations and membership includes positions as Chairperson of committee.
st
          2.3 Details of directorships including the category of directorships in listed entities as on 31  March,
                2022:
Sr. 
No. Name of Directors    Name Category of directorship
Mr. Nitin Menon
Mr. R. D. Dixit
3.   Mr. Arun Aradhye
1.
2.
Menon Bearings Limited Executive Chairman
Menon Bearings Limited
Menon Bearings  Limited
Managing Director
Whole-Time Director and Chief
Financial Officer 
6. Dr. Santosh Prabhu Menon Bearings Limited
Menon Pistons Limited Non-Executive Director 
4. Mr. M. L. Shinde Menon Bearings  Limited
5. Mrs. Kailash Nevagi Menon Bearings  Limited
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Independent, Non-Executive Director
6.   
7.   
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi
Independent, Non- 
Executive Director 14 -
Yes
No -
Independent, Non- 
Executive Director -4 --
Dr. Santosh
Prabhu
Not Related
Not Related
Nil
Nil
Board
Meetings
Sr. 
No. Name of Director    
No. of Director-
ships in other 
companies
Attendance
Last
AGM
Category
Chairman
No. of Committee 
positions held in 
other companies
Membership
st
As on  31  March, 2022
Disclosure of 
relationship 
between 
Directors inter se
No. of 
Shares 
held
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 69
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 72 =====
2.4    Profile of Directors:
  All the directors are professionals with erudition and experience in their respective areas and fields and   st
  Corporate management practices. The brief profile of the directors as on 31  March, 2022 is given below:
  1. Mr. Nitin Menon (DIN: 00692754) aged 54 years, is Promoter and Executive Chairman of the 
Company. He is associated with the Company since inception. He is an industrialist and has rich and 
varied experience in Automobile Sector. He is also engaged in the field of hospitality, agriculture and 
allied services thereof.
         2. Mr. R. D. Dixit (DIN: 00626827) aged 79 years, is Managing Director of the Company. He is associated 
with the Company since 1992. He is a Bachelor of Engineering (Mech.). His excellence has served 
Menon Group for more than 54 years.
        3. Mr. Arun Aradhye (DIN: 03052587) aged 65 years, is Whole Time Director and CFO of the Company st
since 31  January, 2019. He is M.COM, LLB (Special). He has an extensive background and vast 
experience of more than 41 years in various fields like Banking, Finance, Insurance, Transport, 
Tourism, Tele- communication, Manufacturing Industry etc. He is associated with the Company for 
more than 11 years.
th 
        4.Mr. M. L. Shinde (DIN: 07417527) aged 70 years, is Independent Director of the Company since 29
January, 2016. He is M.COM, LLM, FCA and FCS and has vast experience in the fields of Finance, 
Accounts, Corporate laws, Taxation, etc.
        5.Mrs. Kailash Nevagi (DIN: 03011076) aged 63 years, is Independent Director of the Company since th
16  April, 2018. She did her post- graduation in commerce followed by MBA and graduation in law. She 
is an active, ambitious and multi- faceted personality leading a team of lawyers as a Partner and 
Director at Abhay Nevagi and Associates. She has more than 30 years of rich experience in every 
domain of law, ranging from family matters to cybercrime.
        6.Dr. Santosh Prabhu (DIN: 00506595) aged 63 years, is Independent Director of the Company since th
24  October, 2018. He is a renowned Neurological and Spinal Surgeon, is director at Neurological 
Surgery at Western India Institute of Neurosciences (WIINS), Kolhapur. He is M.S., M.Ch. (Medical 
Professional). He has vast experience in medical field. He is a member of many international bodies 
like World Federation of Neurosurgeon etc. 
2.5     Separate Meeting of Independent Directors:
      As stipulated by the Code of Independent Directors under Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 25 of the th
Listing Regulations, a separate meeting of the Independent Directors of the Company was held on 5  
February, 2022 without the presence of Non-Independent Directors and members of the management to  
consider the following:
 i. performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a whole;
      ii. performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of executive directors   
   and non-executive directors; and
      iii. assessing the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company   
   management and the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform  
                their duties.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D70
===== PAGE 73 =====
The Independent Directors expressed satisfaction on the performance of Non-Independent Directors 
and the Board as a whole. The Independent Directors were also satisfied with the quality, quantity and 
timeliness of flow of information between the Company management and the Board.
  
2.6    Familiarization programme for Independent Directors:
    The Independent Directors have been familiarized with the Company, their roles and responsibilities in 
the Company, nature of the industry in which the Company operates, business model of the Company 
etc. During the financial year 2021-22, Independent Directors were taken through various aspects of the 
Company's business and operations. The details of familiarization programmes imparted to the 
Independent Directors during the financial year 2021-22 are placed on the website of the Company at  
https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54df3692e4b0d9caed7742ae/t/62b5adf845b39f5fc2b65b88/16
5607 3722679/Details+of+Familarisation+Programme+imparted+to+ID%27s.pdf
 
2.7     Key Board qualifications, expertise and attributes:
   The Board of Directors of the Company comprises qualified members who bring in the required skills, 
competence and expertise that allow them to make effective contributions to the Board and its 
committees. The Board members are committed to ensuring that the Menon Board is in compliance with 
the highest standards of corporate governance.
         The table below summarizes the key qualification, skills and attributes which are taken into consideration 
while nominating candidates to serve on the Board:
Gender, ethics, national,
or other diversity
Financial
Global Business
Leadership
Representation of gender, ethics, geographic, cultural, or other perspective that 
expand the Board's understanding of the needs and viewpoints of our customers, 
partners, employees, governments, and other stakeholders worldwide.
Leadership in management of finance function of an enterprise, resulting in 
proficiency in complex financial management, capital allocation, and financial 
reporting process, or experience in actively supervising accountant, auditor or person 
performing financial functions.
Experience in driving business success in markets around the world, with an 
understanding of diverse business environments, economic conditions, cultures, and 
regulatory frameworks and board perspective on global market opportunities.
Extended leadership experience for a significant enterprise, resulting in a practical 
understanding of organizations, processes, strategic planning, and risk 
management. Strengths in developing talent, planning succession, and driving 
change and long-term growth.
Technology Significant background in technology, resulting in knowledge of how to anticipate 
technological trends, generates disruptive innovation, and extends or create new 
business model.
Service on a public company board to develop insights about maintaining board and 
management accountability, protecting shareholder interests, and observing 
appropriate governance practices.
Experience in developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand 
awareness and equity and enhance enterprise reputation.
Board Services and 
Governance
Sales and Marketing
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 71
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 74 =====
   * Gender, ethnicity, nationality, and other
2.8    Agenda:
All the meetings are conducted as per well designed and structured agenda complying with the provisions 
of Secretarial Standard-1 on “Meetings of the Board of Directors”, issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India (ICSI). All the agenda items are backed by necessary supporting information and 
documents (except for the critical price sensitive information, which is circulated in the meeting) to enable 
the Board to take informed decisions. Agenda also includes minutes of the previous Board and Committee 
meetings for the information of the Board. Agenda papers are circulated seven days before the Board 
Meetings. In case of any business exigencies, meetings are called and convened at shorter notice or the 
resolutions are passed by circulation and later placed in the subsequent Board Meeting.
 Compliance Framework: The Company has a robust and effective framework for monitoring compliances 
with applicable laws within the organization and to provide updates to senior management and the Board 
on a periodic basis. The Audit Committee and the Board periodically review the status of the compliances 
with the applicable laws.
2.9  Confirmation of Board: 
 
 The Board of Directors of the Company confirms that the Independent Directors of the Company fulfil the 
conditions specified in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and are 
independent of the management.
 Further, all the Independent Directors of the Company have affirmed compliance with Rule 6(3) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, regarding enrolment in the Data 
Bank for Independent Directors.
Details of the specific areas of focus or expertise of individual Board members are given in below table:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D72
Name of Directors Financial Diversity* Global
Business
Leadership Technology Board
Service and
Governance
Sales and 
Marketing
Mr. Nitin Menon
(Executive Chairman)
Mr. R. D. Dixit
(Managing Director)
Mr. Arun Aradhye
(Whole Time Director
& CFO)
Mr. M. L. Shinde
(Independent Director)
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi
(Independent Director)
Dr. Santosh Prabhu
(Independent Director)
√
√
√
√
√ √√
√ √√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√ √
√ √
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√ √
-
===== PAGE 75 =====
2.10  Detailed reasons for the resignation of Independent Director:
     Mr. Gajendra Vasa, aged 80 years, Independent Director of the Company resigned from the Directorship th
of the Company w.e.f. 27  October, 2021 on the grounds of advanced age, increased domestic 
responsibilities and Covid -19 pandemic situation. Mr. Gajendra Vasa had given a confirmation that there 
are no other material reasons other than those provided for his resignation. 
2.11  Code of Conduct:
    The Board of Directors has laid down a Code of Conduct for Board of Directors (including independent 
directors) and senior management (“the Code”) for all the Board members and employees in the 
management grade of the Company. The Code covers Company's commitment to honest and ethical 
personal conduct, fair competition, Corporate Social Responsibility, sustainable environment, health 
and safety, transparency and compliance of laws and regulations etc. All the Board members and senior 
management personnel have confirmed compliance with the Code. A declaration by Mr. R. D. Dixit, 
Managing Director of the Company affirming the compliance of the same in respect of the financial year 
2021-22 by the members of the Board and Senior Management Personnel, as applicable to them, is also 
annexed to this report.
2.12  Prevention of Insider Trading Code:
     As per the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the 
Company has adopted Code of Conduct for Regulating, Monitoring and Reporting of Trading by Insiders 
and Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information. All 
the directors, designated persons and third parties such as auditors, consultants etc. who could have 
access to the unpublished price sensitive information of the Company are governed by this Code. The 
trading window was closed during the time of declaration of results and occurrence of any material events 
as per the applicable regulations. Mr. Arun Aradhye, Whole Time Director & CFO of the Company, is the 
Compliance Officer under the Code and is responsible for setting forth procedures and implementation of 
the Code for trading in Company's securities. 
3.  AUDIT COMMITTEE
 Pursuant to the provisions of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations, the Board 
of Directors has duly constituted the Audit Committee. Majority of the members of the Committee are 
Independent Directors including the Chairman of the Committee. They possess sound knowledge on 
accounts, audit, finance, taxation, internal controls, etc.
    The Audit Committee of the Company reviews the financial statements to be submitted with the Board of 
Directors with respect to auditing and accounting matters, to review reports of the Internal and Cost 
Auditors. It also supervises the Company's internal control and financial reporting process and vigil 
mechanism.
3.1    Brief description of terms of reference:
         The terms of reference of the Audit Committee broadly includes i) review of financial reporting processes; 
(ii) review of risk management; internal financial controls and governance processes; (iii) discussions on 
quarterly, half yearly and annual financial statements; (iv) interaction with statutory, internal and cost 
auditors; (v) recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of auditors; and 
(vi) risk management framework concerning the critical operations of the Company.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 73
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 76 =====
      The Audit Committee also reviews the following:
— Matters to be included in the Directors' Responsibility Statement.
— Changes, if any, in the accounting policies.
— Major accounting entries involving estimates and significant adjustments in financial statements.
— Compliance with listing and other legal requirements concerning financial statements.
— Disclosures in financial statements including related party transactions.
— Management's Discussions and Analysis of Company's operations.
— Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary.
— Periodical review of Internal Audit Reports.
— Findings of any special investigations carried out by the Internal Auditors.
— Findings of Statutory Auditors to management on internal control weakness, if any.
—       Major non routine transactions recorded in the financial statements involving exercise of judgment by the  
management.
—       Recommend to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and, if required the replacement or removal 
of Statutory Auditors considering their independence and effectiveness and recommend the audit fees.
—        Review the functioning of the vigil mechanism.
         In addition to the above, the role of the Audit Committee is as laid down under Regulation 18(3) read with  
Schedule II Part C of the Listing Regulations read with Section 177 of the Act.
3.2.   Composition, name of members and Chairperson:
st
        As on 31  March 2022, the Audit Committee comprised of Mr. M. L. Shinde, Mr. R. D. Dixit, Mrs. Kailash 
Nevagi and Dr. Santosh Prabhu as its members. Mr. M. L. Shinde is Chairman of the Committee.  He was th th
present at the 30  AGM of the Company held on 30  July, 2021. 
         The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company acts as Secretary to the Committee.
       All the members of the Audit Committee are financially literate and have related financial management 
expertise by virtue of their comparable experience and background. The partners / Authorised 
Representatives of Statutory Auditors and Internal Auditors are invited to the meetings of the Audit 
Committee, as and when required.
3.3    Meetings and Attendance during the financial year:
th rd
         During the financial year under review, the Audit Committee duly met 4 (four) times on 14  May, 2021, 23  th th
July, 2021, 20  October, 2021 and 5  February, 2022 and the gap between two committee meetings did 
not exceed one hundred and twenty days. The attendance at the Committee meetings was as follows:
Mr. R. D. Dixit
Mr. Gajendra Vasa st
(upto 21  October, 2021)
Name of the Members No. of MeetingsCategory
Managing Director
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Mr. M. L. Shinde Independent, Non-Executive Director
4
2
4
Held Attended
4
3
4
4 4
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi
Sr. 
No.
1.
2.
3.
4.
Whole Time Director & CFO 33Mr. Arun Aradhye st
(upto 21  October, 2021)
5.
Independent, Non-Executive Director 44Mr. Santosh Prabhu6.
Status
Member
Chairman
Member
Member
Member
Member
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D74
===== PAGE 77 =====
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 75
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
4.      NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations, the 
Board of Directors has duly constituted the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee, inter alia, recommends the appointment / re-appointment of executive 
directors and senior management personnel of the Company and remuneration payable to them. 
4.1    Brief description of terms of reference:
         The Committee is empowered to–
—    Formulate criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of Directors and 
evaluating the performance of Independent Directors and the Board of Directors
—    Evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such 
evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities required for every appointment of an 
independent director and the person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent 
director shall have the capabilities identified in such description.
 
—    Identify and access potential individuals with respect to their expertise, skills, attributes, personal and 
professional standing for appointment and re-appointment as Directors / Independent Directors on the 
Board and as Key Managerial Personnel.
 
—      Formulate a policy relating to remuneration of the Directors and the Senior Management Personnel of the 
Company. The Remuneration Policy is available on the website of the Company  at: 
https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54df3692e4b0d9caed7742ae/t/56f8c9c4a3360c3a90bf041e/14
59145236512/Policy+on+criteria+for+appointment+%26+remuneration+of+directors%2C+KMPs+%2
6+Senior+Management+personnel.pdf
 
—      Determine terms and conditions for appointment of Independent Directors. The same is also available on 
the website of the Company at:.  
https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54df3692e4b0d9caed7742ae/t/6242e47782e2fa5b0d8ddded/1
64551033154/terms+of+Appointment+of+Independent+Directors.pdf
—     In addition to the above, the role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is as laid down under 
Regulation 19(4) read with Schedule II Part D Para A of the Listing Regulations read with Section 178 of 
the Act.
4.2     Composition, name of members and Chairperson:
st
As on 31  March, 2022, the Committee comprised of Mr. M. L. Shinde, Mrs. Kailash Nevagi and Dr. 
Santosh  Prabhu as its members. Mr. M. L. Shinde is Chairman of the Committee.  He was present at the th th
30  AGM of the Company held on 30  July, 2021.
         The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company acts as a Secretary to the Committee.
===== PAGE 78 =====
4.3    Meetings and Attendance during the financial year:
       During the financial year under review, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee duly met 2 (two) th th
times on 14  May, 2021 and 5  February, 2022. The attendance at the Committee meetings was as 
follows:
4.4    Performance evaluation criteria of Independent Directors:
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 17(10) of the Listing Regulations, the 
Board of Directors of the Company has evaluated the performance of each Independent Director. 
 
      The evaluation framework for assessing the performance of Independent Directors comprises of the 
following key areas:
—  Attendance at Board and Committee meetings;
—  Quality of contribution to Board deliberations;
— Contribution to the development of strategies and Risk Assessment and Management; and
—  Overall interaction with the other members of the Board.
5.      STAKEHOLDERS’ RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE      
  Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations, the 
Board of Directors has duly constituted the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee. The Committee is 
empowered to oversee the redressal of investors' complaints including complaints related to share 
transfer / transmission / demat / remat of shares, non-receipt of annual reports, dividend payments, issue 
of new / duplicate share certificates and other miscellaneous complaints. This Committee is responsible 
for the satisfactory redressal of investors' complaints and recommends measures for overall 
improvement in the quality of investor services.
  In addition to the above, the role of the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee is as laid down under 
Regulation 20(4) read with Schedule II Part D Para B of the Listing Regulations read with Section 178 of 
the Act.
5.1     Composition, name of members and Chairperson:
st
        As on 31  March, 2022, the Committee comprised of Dr. Santosh Prabhu, Mr. Nitin Menon and Mr. R. D. st
Dixit as its members. Dr. Santosh Prabhu was appointed as Chairman of the Committee w.e.f. 21  
October, 2021. Mr. R. D. Dixit, Member and Authorised Representative of the Chairman of the th th
Stakeholders' Relationship Committee was present at the 30  AGM of the Company held on 30  July, 
2021. Ms. Neha Harolikar is Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company. 
         The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company acts as Secretary to the Committee.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D76
Mr. Gajendra Vasa st
(upto 21  October, 2021)
Name of the Members No. of MeetingsCategory
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Mr. M. L. Shinde Independent, Non-Executive Director
1
1
Held Attended
1
2
2 2
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi
Sr. 
No.
1.
2.
3.
Independent, Non-Executive Director 12Dr. Santosh Prabhu4.
Status
Chairman
Member
Member
Member
===== PAGE 79 =====
5.2    Meetings and attendance during the financial year:
        During the financial year under review, the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee duly met 4 (four) times th rd th th
on 14  May, 2021, 23  July, 2021, 20  October, 2021 and 5  February, 2022. The attendance at the 
Committee meetings was as follows:
5.3    Stakeholders' Relationship Committee other details:
Status of investors' complaints handled by the Company and its Registrar and Share Transfer Agent during the 
financial year 2021-22 are as under:
6.      CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE:
      Pursuant to the provisions of Section 135 of the Act, the Board of Directors has duly constituted the 
Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee. 
6.1    Brief description of terms of reference: 
= To frame the CSR Policy and CSR Annual Action Plan and its review from time-to-time.
= To ensure effective implementation and monitoring of the CSR activities as per the approved policy,       
     plans and budget.
= To ensure compliance with the laws, rules and regulations governing the CSR and to periodically 
report to the Board of Directors.
Opening balance at the beginning of the year Nil
Received during the year 6
6Disposed during the year
Closing balance at the end of the year Nil
Name and contact details of Compliance Officer Ms. Neha Harolikar, 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
Tel: 0231-2672279
E-mail id for correspondence
Menon Bearings Limited
G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur - 416234,
Maharashtra, India.
Registered Office
admin@menonbearings.in
Mr. Gajendra Vasa st
(upto 21  October, 2021)
Name of the Members No. of MeetingsCategory
Independent, Non-Executive 
Director
Executive Chairman 4
Held Attended
4
3 2
Mr. Nitin Menon
Sr. 
No.
1.
2.
3.
Managing Director 44Mr. R. D. Dixit4.
Status
Chairman
Member
Member
Independent, Non-Executive 
Director
Dr. Santosh Prabhu st
Chairman (w.e.f. 21  
October, 2021)
24
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 77
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 80 =====
6.2    Composition, name of members and Chairperson:
st
         As on 31  March, 2022, the Committee comprised of Mr. Nitin Menon, Mr. R. D. Dixit, Mr. M. L. Shinde, Mr. 
Arun Aradhye and Dr. Santosh Prabhu as its members. Mr. Nitin Menon is the Chairman of the 
Committee.
         The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company acts as Secretary to the Committee.
6.3    Meetings and attendance during the financial year:
th th
      During the financial year under review, the Committee duly met 2 (two) times on 14 May, 2021 and 5  
February, 2022. The attendance at the Committee meetings was as follows:
7.      RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE
     During the financial year 2021-22, the Company was not required to constitute Risk Management 
Committee under Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations.  
8.      REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS
8.1    The Non-Executive Directors had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company during the 
financial year 2021-22.
8.2     Non-Executive Directors did not draw any remuneration from the Company. Sitting fees to Non-executive 
and Independent Directors is being paid at the rate of Rs. 1,000 for each meeting of the Board and 
Committees attended by them. 
8.3    Details of remuneration / sitting fees paid during the financial year 2021-22 are as follows:
 
Mr. R. D. Dixit
Mr. M. L. Shinde
Name of the Member No. of MeetingsCategory
Managing Director
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Mr. Nitin Menon Executive Chairman
2
2
Held Attended
2
2
2 2
Sr. 
No.
1.
2.
3.
Whole Time Director & CFO 22Mr. Arun Aradhye 4.
Independent, Non-Executive Director 12Dr. Santosh Prabhu5.
Status
Member
Chairman
Member
Member
Member
(Rs. in Lakh)
Name of the Directors Salary
Contribution
to Provident 
Fund
Other
Perquisites
Sitting 
Fees Total
Mr.  Nitin Menon 106.78 4.50    - - 111.28
Mr. R. D. Dixit  45.73 3.94 -
49.91
- -
2.53
-
-
0.04
-
Mr. M. L. Shinde
- 49.67
52.44
0.04
Mr.  Arun Aradhye
- - - 0.02Mr. Gajendra Vasa th
(Upto 27  October, 2021) 0.02
- - -
- - - 0.04Mrs. Kailash Nevagi
Dr. Santosh Prabhu 0.04
0.04
0.04
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D78
===== PAGE 81 =====
Notes: 
I.      The above details of remuneration or fees paid include all elements of remuneration package of individual .
director summarized under major groups.
ii.    Apart from the above mentioned remuneration or fees paid, there are no other fixed components and 
performance linked incentives based on the performance criteria.
iii.    There are no separate service contracts with any of the directors. The tenure of office of the Managing 
Director and Whole Time / Executive Directors is for five years from their respective dates of 
appointment. There is no separate provision for payment of severance fees.
iv.      No stock options are offered to any of the Directors of the Company.
9.       VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
      With the rapid expansion of business, various risks associated with the business have also increased 
considerably. Some such risks identified are risk of fraud, misconduct and unethical behaviour. To ensure 
fraud-free work and ethical environment, the Company has laid down a Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower 
Policy, by which the Company provides a platform to all the directors and employees to report any 
suspected or confirmed incident of fraud, misconduct, unethical behaviour, etc. through any of the 
following reporting protocols:
– E-mail        : admin@menonbearings.in
– Phone No.       : 0231-2672 279 / 533 / 487
– Fax Number       : 0231-2672 278
– Written Communication to   :G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur – 416234, Maharashtra.
   The mechanism also provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of the person who avails the 
mechanism and direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee is also available in exceptional 
cases. Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy is also available on the website of the Company at:
https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54df3692e4b0d9caed7742ae/t/5d008ce9be4f020001580c21/1
560317231 963/Whistle+Blower+Policy.pdf
9.1     OBJECTIVES:
   To protect the brand reputation and assets of the Company from loss or damage, resulting from   
   suspected or confirmed incidents of fraud / misconduct.
   To provide guidance to the directors and employees on reporting any suspicious activity and handling  
   critical information and evidence.
   To provide healthy and fraud-free work culture.
9.2     WORKING:
The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and working of Vigil Mechanism which includes 
following matters:
            Implementation of the policy and spreading awareness amongst employees;
            Review of all reported cases of suspected fraud, misconduct, unethical behaviour;
           Order investigation of any case either through internal audit department or through external    
     investigating agencies or experts;
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 79
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 82 =====
No complaint was received during the financial year 2021-22, nor any compliant was pending at the   
beginning and end of the financial year.
11.    GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
11.1   Annual General Meetings:
The Company convenes AGM generally within five months from the date of closing of the financial year. 
Location and time, where last 3 Annual General Meetings held are as under:
11.2  Details of Special Resolutions passed in the previous three Annual General Meetings:
Date of AGM Description of Resolution 
st
21  August, 2020
th
18  July, 2019 No special resolution was passed.
No special resolution was passed.
th
30  July, 2021 1.  Appointment of Mr. M. L. Shinde as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company;
2.  Approval of payment of remuneration payable to Mr. Nitin Menon, Executive Chairman and  
     Whole Time Director of the Company; and 
3.  Approval for remuneration payable to Mr. R. D. Dixit, Managing Director of the Company.
Mr. R. D. Dixit
Ms. Neha Harolikar
Member
Member
Name of the Members
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi Chairperson 
Designation
·          Recommend to the management for taking appropriate actions such as disciplinary action, termination  
            of service, changes in policies and procedure and review of internal control systems; and
·           Annual review of the Policy.
10.    INTERNAL COMPLAINT COMMITTEE
 In accordance with the provisions of Section 4 of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, the Company has constituted a Committee known as 
the “Internal Complaints Committee” and the Company has framed a policy for prevention of sexual 
harassment at workplace and adopted the same. The objective of the policy is to provide its women 
employees, a workplace free from harassment / discrimination and every employee is treated with 
dignity and respect.
10.1     Composition:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D80
Financial Year LocationDate Time
2020-21 11.00 A.M. th 
30 July, 2021 Through Video Conferencing 
2019-20
th
18  July, 20192018-19
st 
21 August, 2020 11.00 A.M. 
Residency Club, P.O. New Palace, 
Kolhapur - 416003, Maharashtra
Through Video Conferencing 
11.00 A.M. 
===== PAGE 83 =====
11.3  Postal Ballot:
       During the financial year under review, the Company did not pass any special resolution through postal st
ballot. None of the business proposed to be transacted at the ensuing 31  AGM of the Company nd
scheduled to be held on 22  September, 2022 requires passing of a Special Resolution through Postal 
Ballot.
12.     MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
         The Company published its quarterly results as per the details mentioned below:
th
24  July, 2021
News Papers Date of Board Meetings Date of Publication
th
14  May, 2021
rd
23  July, 2021
Business Standard (English - All India Edition) 
Pudhari (Marathi)
Business Standard (English - All India Edition) 
Pudhari (Marathi)
th
15  May, 2021
th
20  October, 2021
th
5  February, 2022
Business Standard (English - All India Edition) 
Pudhari (Marathi)
Business Standard (English - All India Edition) 
Pudhari (Marathi)
st
Pudhari - 21  October, 2021
Business Standard - nd
22  October, 2021 
th
Pudhari – 6  February, 2022
Business Standard -th
 7  February, 2022
 Website: The Company's website viz. www.menonbearings.in contains a separate dedicated section 
'Investors' where shareholders information is available. The Company's Annual Reports and quarterly 
results are also available in a user-friendly and downloadable form.
 News releases, presentations, among others: All corporate announcements made to the Stock 
Exchanges during the financial year 2021-22 are made available on the website of the Company. 
13.   GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS' INFORMATION:
13.1  Annual General Meeting:
nd
     Day & Date :  Thursday, 22  September, 2022 
     11.00 A.M.    Time : 
     Through Video Conferencing    Venue : 
 
13.2  Financial Year:
st st
     The Company follows the period of 1  April to 31  March, as the Financial Year.
13.3  Dividend payment date: Not applicable
13.4  Book  Closure: 
The Register of Members and the Share Transfer Books of the Company shall remain closed from  th nd
Friday, 16  September, 2022 to Thursday, 22  September, 2022 (both days inclusive).
 
13.5  Cut-off date for remote e-voting:
 
     The remote e-voting / voting rights of the shareholders / beneficial owners shall be reckoned on the equity th
shares held by them as on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 15  September, 2022 Remote e-voting shall th st
remain open from Monday, 19  September, 2022 (9:00 A.M.) till Wednesday, 21  September, 2022 (5:00 
P.M.).
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 81
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 84 =====
13.6  Listing on Stock Exchanges: 
 a.  The equity shares are listed at the following Stock Exchanges:
         Name of the Stock Exchanges                                        Scrip Code / Symbol
         BSE Ltd.                     Scrip Code: 523828
         Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
         Mumbai - 400 001.  
         National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.    Symbol: MENONBEth
         Exchange Plaza, 5  Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,   Series: EQ
         Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
         Mumbai - 400 051.
 b. ISIN for the Company's equity shares having face value of Re. 1/-: INE071D01033 
 c. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) : L29130PN1991PLC062352
 d. The Company has paid listing fees for the financial year 2022-23 to BSE Ltd. and National    
     Stock Exchange  of India Ltd., where Company's shares are listed.
13.7   Stock Market Price Data and performance in comparison to BSE Sensex / NSE NIFTY 50:
     The monthly high / low quotations of shares traded at BSE Ltd. and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
during each month in last financial year and performance in comparison to BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty 
50 are as follows:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D82
Month-
Year
BSE SENSEX Share price of the
Company on BSE
High
(Points)*
Low 
(Points)*
High
(Rs.)* 
Low
(Rs.)* 
NSE NIFTY 50 Share price of the
Company on NSE
High
(Points)**
Low 
(Points)**
High 
(Rs.)**
Low
(Rs.)** 
Apr-21
May-21
Jun-21
Jul-21
Aug-21
Sep-21
Oct-21
50375.77
52013.22
53126.73
53290.81
57625.26
60412.32
62245.43
61036.56
59203.37
61475.15
59618.51
58890.92
Nov-21
Dec-21
Jan-22
Feb-22
Mar-22
47204.50
48028.07
51450.58
51802.73
52804.08
57263.90
58551.14
56382.93
55132.68
56409.63
54383.20
52260.82
62.00
68.90
77.10
86.60
88.30
81.40
85.00
91.25
88.95
113.10
98.75
99.00
49.60
54.60
62.55
71.65
65.60
69.15
70.55
75.45
75.00
80.10
72.15
75.00
15044.35
15606.35
15915.65
15962.25
17153.50
17947.65
18604.45
18210.15
17639.50
18350.95
17794.60
17559.80
14151.40
14416.25
15450.90
15513.45
15834.65
17055.05
17452.90
16782.40
16410.20
16836.80
16203.25
15671.45
63.40
68.50
77.30
86.90
88.35
79.80
84.80
91.40
86.95
112.95
98.65
99.10
49.60
55.10
62.25
71.75
65.65
70.00
70.50
75.20
75.95
79.65
72.50
73.65
===== PAGE 85 =====
Source:
*www.bseindia.com
 **www.nseindia.com
13.8 Performance in comparison to broad based indices:
High - Low Share Prices
BSE
 Sensex
Sensex High High (Rs)  Share Price Low (Rs) Share Price
Months
Sensex Low
Monthly Prices20.00
60.00
80.00
Apr- 21 May-21Jun-21Jul-21Aug-21Sep-21Oct-21 Dec-21Jan-22 Feb-22 Mar-22Nov-21
100.00
120.00
00.00
40.00
0
10000
20000
30000
40000
60000
50000
70000
High - Low Share Prices
Monthly   Prices
NIFTY
Nifty High Nifty Low High (Rs)  Share Price Low (Rs) Share Price
Months
0
40
80
100
Apr- 21 May-21Jun-21Jul-21Aug-21Sep-21Oct-21 Dec-21Jan-22 Feb-22 Mar-22Nov-21
120
20
60
17000.00
19000.00
13000.00
15000.00
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 83
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 86 =====
13.9  Trading of Securities: The securities of the Company were not suspended from trading during the 
financial year 2021-22.
13.10 Registrar and Share Transfer Agents:
          LINK INTIME INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
st
          C-101, 1  Floor, 247 Park, L. B. S. Marg, 
          Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083, Maharashtra, India  
          Phone   : (022) 49186000, 49186270
          Fax        : (022) 49186060
          Email    : rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in
13.11 Share Transfer System:
       
       In terms of Regulation 40(1) of the Listing Regulations, as amended from time to time, securities of the st
Company can be transferred only in dematerialized form with effect from 1  April, 2019, except in case of st
transmission or transposition of securities. Further, the SEBI had fixed 31  March, 2021 as the cut-off 
date for re- lodgment of transfer deeds and the shares that are re-lodged for transfer shall be issued only 
in Demat mode. Members holding shares in physical form are requested to consider converting their 
holdings into dematerialized form. Transfers of equity shares in electronic form are effected through the 
depositories with no involvement of the Company. 
th
        Further, SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated 25  January, 
2022 as an on-going measure to enhance ease of dealing in securities markets by investors, mandated  
the issue of the securities in dematerialized form only while processing various service request(s) such 
as issue of duplicate share certificate(s), claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account, renewal / exchange 
of securities certificate, endorsement, sub-division / splitting of securities certificate, consolidation of 
securities certificates / folios, transmission, transposition. Upon receipt of any service request(s) from 
the securities holder / claimant, the Registrar and Share Transfer Agent of the Company (“RTA”) viz. Link 
Intime India Private Limited shall verify and process the said request(s) and thereafter issue a 'Letter of 
Confirmation' in lieu of physical securities certificate(s) to the securities holder / claimant, within 30 days 
of the receipt of such request, if documents are found in order. In case of any queries or issue(s) 
regarding process of the service request(s), securities holder / claimant can contact RTA (Contact 
Number: (022)–49186000/270) or can write an e-mail at rnt.helpdesk@linkintime.co.in. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D84
Shareholding by Nominal Value No. of Shareholders % of Total % of TotalNo. of  Shares
Total
1 - 500
501-1000
1001-2000
2001-3000
3001-4000
4001-5000
5001-10000
10001& Above
21,547
1489
1976
591
186
114
265
137
26,305
81.91
5.66
7.51
2.25
0.71
0.43
1.01
0.52
100.00
21,70,590
11,90,739
25,62,315
14,56,160
6,68,243
5,45,855
18,10,439
4,56,35,659
5,60,40,000
3.87
2.12
4.57
2.60
1.19
0.97
3.23
81.43
100.00
13.12 Distribution of Shareholding: st
 The shareholding distribution of the equity shares as on 31  March, 2022 is given below:
===== PAGE 87 =====
13.14    Dematerialization of Shares and liquidity:
  The process of conversion of shares from physical form into electronic form is known as 
dematerialization. For dematerializing the shares, the shareholders should open a Demat account 
with a Depository Participant (“DP”). The shareholder is required to fill in a Demat Request Form and 
submit the same along with the original share certificates to his / her DP. The DP will allocate a Demat 
Request Number and shall forward the request physically and electronically through NSDL / CDSL to 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. On receipt of the demat request both physically and electronically 
and after verification, the shares are dematerialised and an electronic credit of the shares is given in st 
the account of the shareholder. As on 31 March, 2022, about 95.66% of the Company's Equity Shares 
were held in dematerialized form.
13.15 Convertible Instruments:
The Company has not issued any Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) / American Depository Receipts   
(ADRs) / warrants or any convertible instrument, which is likely to have impact on the Company's 
Equity.
13.16 Commodity Price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities: 
    The Company is exposed to the risk of price fluctuations while exporting the bearings, which are 
proactively managed. The Company has a robust framework in place to protect its interests from risks 
arising out of market volatility. Based on continuous monitoring and market intelligence the sales and 
procurement team take appropriate strategy to deal with the market volatility.
      The Company operates in various geographies and is exposed to foreign exchange risk on it's various 
currency exposures. Volatility in currency exchange movements can have an impact on the 
Company's operations. The Company has established foreign currency hedging policies and 
practices to manage these risks.
st
13.13 Shareholding Pattern as on 31  March, 2022: 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 85
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
Category Total No. of Shares held
(of Re. 1/- each ) % of Total ShareholdingsSr.
No.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
Corporate Bodies (Promoter Co)
Clearing Members
Other Bodies Corporate
Directors
Financial Institutions
Hindu Undivided Family
Unclaimed Shares
Non - Resident Indians
Non - Resident (Non Repatriable)
Public
Relatives of Director
Foreign Portfolio Investors (Corporate)
Investor Education And Protection Fund
Total
1,36,19,800
70,504
2,08,195
1,70,16,830
-
3,31,049
2,18,600
1,49,655
1,70,269
1,27,78,172
92,91,920
11,95,234
9,89,772
5,60,40,000
24.30
0.13
0.37
30.37
-
0.59
0.39
0.27
0.30
22.80
16.58
2.13
1.77
100
===== PAGE 88 =====
13.17 Plant Location:
13.18 Registered Office and address for correspondence:
        For any assistance regarding dematerialization of shares, share transfer, transmission, change of 
address, non-receipt of dividend or any other query relating to shares, the investor can write to 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent or please write to:
The Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Menon Bearings Limited
G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, 
Kolhapur– 416234, Maharashtra
Telephone: 0231-2672279/533/487
Fax: 0231-2672278
E-mail: admin@menonbearings.in
13.19 Credit rating:
        The Company has not mobilized any funds, neither in India or abroad, through issue of any debt 
instruments or any fixed deposit programme or any scheme during the financial year 2021-22, hence 
was not required to take any Credit rating for such instruments or deposits.
G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, 
Kolhapur - 416234, 
Maharashtra.
C-1 Five Star MIDC, 
Kagal, Kolhapur – 416236, 
Maharashtra. 
B-2, Gokul Shirgaon, MIDC, 
Kolhapur- 416234, 
Maharashtra.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D86
13.20    Dividend History :
Financial Year
2014-15 (Final)
PercentageDividend amount per share
Rs. 0.80 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Re. 1.00 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Re. 1.00 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Re. 0.75 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
80
100
100
75
50
25
150
125
Re. 0.50 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Re. 0.25 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Re. 1.50 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Re. 1.25 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Re. 1.25 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
2015-16 (Interim Dividend)
2016-17 (Interim Dividend)
st
2017-18 (1  Interim Dividend)
nd
2017-18 (2  Interim Dividend)
2017-18 (Final)
2018-19   (Interim Dividend)
st
2019-20 (1  Interim Dividend)
nd
2019-20 (2  Interim Dividend) 125
150Re. 1.50 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)2020-21 (Interim Dividend)
200Re. 2.00 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)2021-22 (Interim Dividend)
===== PAGE 89 =====
13.21    The following table gives information relating to the due dates for transfer of unpaid / unclaimed 
dividend amounts to the IEPF:
Dividend Rate 
per share
Date of Declaration
Rs. 0.80
Re. 1.00
Re. 1.00
Re. 0.75
Re. 0.25
Rs. 1.50
th
9  February, 2017
th
20  July, 2017
st
21  July, 2018
th
24  October, 2018
th
17  July, 2019
th
13  March, 2020
Financial 
Year ended
2014-15
2015-16
2016-17
2017-18
2017-18
2018-19
Due Dates for
transfer to IEPF
th
17  April, 2023
th
16  March, 2024
th
25  August, 2024
th
14  July, 2015 th
20  August, 2022
th
11  March, 2016
Re. 0.50 th
9  November, 20172017-18 th
16  December, 2024
th
27  August, 2025
th
30  November, 2025
Rs. 1.25
Rs. 1.25
rd
23  August, 2026
th
19  April, 2027
2019-20
2019-20
th
27  January, 2021Rs. 1.502020-21 th
5  March, 2028
th
20  October, 2021Rs. 2.002021-22 th
26  November, 2028
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 87
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
14.  DISCLOSURES
14.1  Related Party Transactions:
All transactions entered into with the related parties as defined under the Act, and Regulation 23 of the 
Listing Regulations during the financial year 2021-22 were in the ordinary course of business on arm's 
length basis. There were no materially significant related party transactions, pecuniary transactions or 
relationship between the Company and its Directors during the financial year 2021-22 that may have 
potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large. Suitable disclosures as required by Indian st
Accounting Standards (Ind-AS 24) have been made in notes on accounts for the financial year ended 31  
March, 2022, forming part of the Annual Report. The Board has approved Related Party Transactions 
Policy which can be accessed at the Company's website link at: 
https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54df3692e4b0d9caed7742ae/t/6242e43417456f38e4a7f9b8/1
6484550976746/Related+party+Transactions+Policy.pdf
14.2  Compliance by the Company:
The Company has complied with all the requirements of the Listing Regulations as well as the regulations 
and guidelines of SEBI. There were no penalties or strictures imposed on the Company by Stock 
Exchanges or SEBI or any other statutory authority for non-compliance of any matter related to the 
capital markets during the last three years except fine imposed by the National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited and BSE Ltd. for non-compliance of Regulation 18(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations during the th st
period from 29 July, 2020 to 21  October, 2020, which was subsequently complied with.
14.3  Whistle Blower Policy / Vigil Mechanism and affirmation that no personnel have been denied  
          access to the Audit Committee:
The Company has established a mechanism for directors and employees to report concerns about 
===== PAGE 90 =====
unethical behavior, actual or suspected fraud, or violation of code of conduct or ethics policy. The 
mechanism also provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of persons who avail the 
mechanism and also provide for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in the exceptional 
cases. We affirm that during the financial year 2021-22, no person was denied access to the Audit 
Committee.
14.4   Compliance with mandatory / discretionary requirements under Regulation 27 read with Part E of 
          Schedule II of the Listing Regulations:
The Company has complied with all mandatory requirements under Regulation 27 and Schedule V of the 
Listing Regulations. The status of compliance with non-mandatory recommendations under Regulation 
27 read with Part E of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations is provided below:
Ÿ Separate posts of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The Company has separate Chairman and 
Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer. 
Ÿ Modified opinion in Audit Report: The Company has moved to unmodified audit opinion regime.
Ÿ Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.
14.5   Risk Management:
The Company has laid down procedure to inform Board members about the risk assessment and 
minimization procedures. The Company has framed the risk assessment and minimization procedure, 
which is periodically reviewed by the Board.
14.6   Subsidiary companies:
During the financial year 2021-22 the Company had no subsidiary.  As required under the Listing 
Regulations, a policy to determine a material subsidiary has been framed and the same can be accessed 
on the Company's website at the link:
https://static1.squarespace.com/static/54df3692e4b0d9caed7742ae/t/5d008ad36ca3610001ba204e/
1560316663541/Policy+on+determning+the+material+Subsidiaries.pdf
 
14.7   Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions 
          placement:
The Company has not raised any funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement 
as specified under Regulation 32(7A) of the Listing Regulations during the financial year 2021-22 .
14.8   Certificate from Company Secretary: 
A certificate received from M/s. M Baldeva Associates, Company Secretaries, Thane is attached in this 
report stating that none of the directors on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified 
from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the SEBI / Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
or any such statutory authority. 
 
14.9   Recommendation by any Committee:
The Board has accepted all recommendations made by its Committees during the financial year 
2021-22. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D88
===== PAGE 91 =====
14.10  Total fees for all services paid by the listed entity and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to  
the statutory auditors and all entities in the network firm / network entity of which the Statutory 
Auditor is a part, given below:                           
Nature of Payments
Statutory Audit
Tax Audit
Other Services including reimbursement of expenses
Total
Amount (Rs. in Lakh)
3.25
0.29
3.54
-
14.11 Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013:
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 89
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
14.12  Disclosure by the Company and its subsidiaries of 'Loans and advances in the nature of loans  
           to firms / companies in which directors are interested by name and amount:
During the financial year 2021-22, the Company has not given any loans or advances to any firms / 
companies in which directors are interested.
 
14.13  Compliance of the requirement of Corporate Governance Report:
 During the financial year 2021-22, the Company has complied with the requirements of Corporate  
Governance Report of sub-paras (2) to (10) of Point C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations.
14.14 Disclosure of the compliance with Corporate Governance:
The Company has complied with the Regulations 17-20, 22-23, 24A, 25-27 and clauses (b) to (i) and (t) 
of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations during the financial year 2021-22. 
Regulations 21 and 24 of the Listing Regulations were not applicable to the Company during the 
financial year 2021-22.
14.15 Compliance Certificate for Code of Conduct:
A declaration by Managing Director of the Company affirming compliance by the Board of Directors and 
Senior Management Personnel to the Code of Conduct is annexed and forms part of this Report as per 
Schedule V of the Listing Regulations.
14.16  Auditors' certificate on Corporate Governance:
The Company has obtained a certificate from the Statutory Auditor of the Company regarding 
compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Schedule V of the Listing 
Regulations and is annexed with this report.
Particulars No. of Complaints
Nil
Sr. No.
a. Complaints filed during the financial year
Nil
Nilb.
c.
Complaints disposed of during the financial year
Complaints pending as on end of the financial year
===== PAGE 92 =====
14.17  Disclosure of accounting treatment:
In the preparation of financial statements, the Company has followed the Indian Accounting Standards 
(Ind-AS) as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs under the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015 and provisions of the Act to the extent notified and applicable.
14.18  Disclosure with respect to demat suspense account / unclaimed suspense account:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D90
Particulars Number of Equity 
Shares
Number of 
shareholders
Transferred during the financial year:
527
2 2000
3,23,200Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstandingst
shares in the suspense account lying as on 1  April,2021
Shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of 
shares from suspense account during the year
2
346
179
2000
1,02,600
2,18,600
Shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the 
suspense account during the year
Shareholders whose shares were transferred to the demat 
account of the IEPF Authority as per Section 124 of the Act
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding st
shares in the suspense account lying as on 31  March, 2022
                            DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE OF CODE OF CONDUCT
As per Regulation 17 and Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, I, R. D. Dixit, Managing Director of the Company do hereby declare that the Board of 
Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct of the st
Company during the financial year ended 31  March, 2022.                                                                 
                                        
The voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares claims the shares.
 R. D. Dixit
Managing Director
DIN: 00626827 
Place: Kolhapurth
Date: 12  May, 2022
For Menon Bearings Limited
===== PAGE 93 =====
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34(3) read with Clause 10(i) of Part C of Schedule V of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015
To, 
The Members of 
Menon Bearings Limited, 
G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon,
Kolhapur – 416234, Maharashtra, India.
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the directors of 
Menon Bearings Limited (CIN: L29130PN1991PLC062352) and having Registered Office at G-1, MIDC, 
Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur – 416234, Maharashtra, India (hereinafter referred to as the Company'), produced 
before me by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with the provisions of 
Regulation 34(3) read with Clause 10(i) of Part C of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors 
Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations 
furnished to me by the Company and its officers, I hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the st 
Company as stated below during the Financial Year ended 31 March, 2022 have been debarred or disqualified 
from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs, or any such other Statutory Authority.
Name of Directors Date of initial appointment 
in Company
(as appearing on MCA portal)
Sr. No.
Mr. Nitin Ram Menon 
DIN
Mr. Ramesh Dattatraya Dixit 
Dr. Santosh Kamlesh Prabhu
Mrs. Kailash Abhay Nevagi
Mr. Arun Ramchandra Aradhye 
Mr. Mukund Laxmanrao Shinde 
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
00692754
00626827
00506595
03011076
03052587
07417527
st
1  April, 1995
st
1  April , 1992
th
24  October, 2018
th
16  April, 2018
st
31  January, 2019
th
29  January, 2016
Ensuring the eligibility for appointment / continuity of every director on the Board is the responsibility of the 
management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion based on my such verification. This 
certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
CS Manish Baldeva
Proprietor
M. No. FCS 6180; C.P. No. 11062
Peer Review No.: 1436/2021
UDIN: F006180D000310572 
Place : Thaneth
Date   : 12  May, 2022
For M Baldeva Associates
Company Secretaries
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 91
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 94 =====
To
The Members 
Menon Bearings Limited
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Menon Bearings Limited (the st 
Company) for the year ended on 31 March, 2022, as stipulated under Regulation 15 (2) read with Schedule V 
Part E of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our 
examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the 
compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on 
the financial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that 
the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above mentioned 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations.
We have been explained that no investor grievances are pending for a period exceeding one month against the 
Company as per the records maintained by the Company.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
Auditors' Certificate on
Corporate Governance
Place
Date
: Kolhapurth 
: 12  May, 2022
For M/S A R N A & Associates. 
Chartered Accountants              
Rahulprasad Agnihotri Partner 
     Membership No : 111576
FRN : 122293W
UDIN : 22111576AIVGMG5415    
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D92
===== PAGE 95 =====
Independent Auditor's Report
TO 
THE MEMBERS OF 
MENON BEARINGS LIMITED
Report on the Ind AS Financial Statements
We have audited the accompanying Ind AS financial statements of MENON BEARINGS LIMITED (“the 
company”), which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2022, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of 
the financial statements of the current period.There are no such matters identified during the audit period.
Impact of Covid-19 pandemic on the Going Concern assumption.
There was a minor impact of Covid-19 pandemic on the turnover of the Company. Also the management is of 
the view that the impact of Covid-19 will not affect the Going Concern assumption for the Company. 
Based on the circumstances and facts of the audit entity, in our opinion, there is no effect on the Going concern 
assumption. 
Responsibilities of the Management and those charged with Governance for the Ind AS Financial 
Statements
The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair 
view of the state of affairs (financial position), profit & loss (financial performance including other 
comprehensive income), cash flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under 
Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 4 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015.  
This responsibility also includes the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provision of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting the frauds 
and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of internal financial 
control, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view and 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these Ind AS financial statements based on our audit. We have 
office R.S. No. 176, Off No. 6C, 1st Floor, Eden Garden Comm. Complex,
Near Khanwilkar Petrol Pump, Nagala Park, Kolhapur - 03
phone (0231) 2656572
email  info@arna.co.in www.arna.co.in
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 93
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 96 =====
taken into account the provisions of the Act, the accounting and auditing standards and matters which are 
required to be included in the audit report under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder.
We conducted our audit of the Ind AS financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Those Standards require that we comply with ethical requirements 
and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Ind AS financial statements 
are free from material misstatement. An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about 
the amounts and disclosures in the Ind AS financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the 
auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the Ind AS financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal 
financial control relevant to the Company's preparation of the Ind AS financial statements that give true and fair 
view in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of 
expressing an opinion on whether the Company has in place an adequate internal financial control system over 
financial reporting and the operating effectiveness of such controls. An audit also includes evaluating the 
appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of the accounting estimates made by 
Company's Directors, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the Ind AS financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Ind AS financial statements.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid Ind 
AS financial statements, give the information required by the Act in the manner so required and give a true and 
fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India including the Ind AS; 
st
 a) of the State of affairs (financial position) of the Company as at March 31 , 2022;
 b) of the Profit (financial performance including Other Comprehensive Income) for the year ended on that 
date;
 c) of the Cash Flows for the year ended on that date; and
 d) of the Changes in Equity for the year ended on that date
Report on other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1)  With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor's Report under Section 197(16) of the Act: 
In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the 
Company to its directors during the current year is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the 
Act. The remuneration paid to any director is not in excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of the Act. 
2) As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central 
Government of India in terms of Sub –section (11) of Section 143 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 we give in 
the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent 
applicable.
3)  As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act, we report that:
 a)  We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge   
          and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
 b) In our opinion proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as 
          appears from our examination of those books. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D94
===== PAGE 97 =====
For M/S A R N A & Associates. 
Chartered Accountants              
Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri, Partner 
Membership No : 111576 FRN : 122293W
UDIN : 22111576AIVGMG5415  
     
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
: 12/05/2022
 c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income), the Cash 
Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with 
the books of account. 
 d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 4 of the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015.
st
 22e) On the basis of written representations received from the directors as on 31  March, 20 , taken on 
record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31  March, 20 , from being st
22
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
 f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company 
and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”
 g) With respect to the other matters  to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the  
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rule, 2014, in our opinion and to best of our information and according 
to the explanations given to us :
  i. The Company does not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial position.
  ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivatives contracts of which there 
were any material foreseeable losses.
  iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund by the Company. 
           iv.  a) The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have 
been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign 
entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall: 
                    directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever      
        (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the Company or 
                    provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. 
             b) The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have 
been received by the Company from any persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Funding 
Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall: 
                    directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever  
                    (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the Funding Party or 
                    provide any guarantee, security or the like from or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and 
            c) Based on such audit procedures as considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances,  
nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-
clause (iv) (a) and (iv) (b) contain any material mis-statement. 
        v. The dividend declared or paid during the year by the Company is in compliance with Section 123   
                of the Act.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 95
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 98 =====
The Annexure referred to in our Report of even date to the members of Menon Bearings Limited on the st
accounts of the Company for the year ended 31  March, 2022.
(i)  (a) The Company has maintained proper records, showing full particulars including quantitative details and 
situation of Property, Plant and Equipment. The Company has maintained proper records, showing full 
particulars of intangible assets.
    (b) are physically verified by the management in accordance with a regular Property, plant and equipments 
programme at reasonable intervals. In our opinion the interval is reasonable having regard to the size of 
the Company and the nature of its assets. No material discrepancies were noticed on such verification;
     (c) The title deeds of immovable properties of the company are held in the name of the Company based   
on the confirmation received from the Company except lease hold land from MIDC.
   (d) None of the Property Plant and Equipment's and Intangible assets are revalued during the current  
financial year.
     (e) No proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the company for holding any benami property 
under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder.  
(ii) (a) As explained to us, physical verification of inventory has been conducted at reasonable intervals by the 
management;
    (b) The procedures of physical verification of inventory followed by the management are reasonable and   
adequate in relation to the size of the company and the nature of its business. 
   (c) The company is generally maintaining proper records of inventory. No material discrepancies were   
noticed on physical verification of stocks by the management as compared to book records.
    (d) The company has utilised working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks 
or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. (Details are provided in notes to 
accounts)
   (e) The quarterly returns or statements filed by the company with financial institutions or banks are in 
agreement with the books of account of the Company.
(iii)  The Company has not granted any loans, made any investments or provided any guarantees and 
securities covered u/s. 185 and 186 of the Companies Act, 2013.
(iv)   The company has not granted any loans, secured or unsecured or has not made any investments in 
companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or other parties covered in the register maintained under 
section189 of the Companies Act. 
(v)    The Company has not accepted any deposits covered under the directives issued by the Reserve Bank of 
India and the provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013and the rules framed there under.
(vi)   As explained to us, maintenance of cost records has been specified by the Central Government under 
sub-section (l) of section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013, we are of the opinion that prima facie such 
accounts and records have been made and maintained. However, we have not made a detailed 
examination of the records with a view to determine whether they are accurate and complete.
Annexure A to Independent Auditor's Report
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D96
===== PAGE 99 =====
(vii)(a) According to the records, the company is regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including  
provident fund, employees' state insurance, income-tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, GST, duty of customs, 
duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and any other statutory dues with the appropriate authorities. 
There were no outstanding statutory dues as at the last day of the financial year concerned for a period of 
more than six months from the date they became payable; 
      (b)  As explained to us, there are no dues of income tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, GST, duty of customs, duty 
of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess or duty of customs which have not been deposited on account of any 
dispute.
(viii)  There are no such transactions which are not recorded in the accounts that have been disclosed or 
surrendered before the tax authorities as income during the year.
(ix) (a) The Company has not defaulted in repayment of dues to a financial institution or bank or Government or  
dues to debenture holders.
    (b) The company has not been declared a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or any other    
lender.
      (c) The Company has utilized the term loans for the object for which they were obtained.
      (d) The Company has not utilized short term funds for long term purposes.
    (e) The company has not raised any money from any person or entity for the account of or to pay the 
obligations of its associates, subsidiaries or joint ventures.
      (f) The company has not raised any loans during the year by pledging securities held in their subsidiaries,   
joint ventures or associate companies.
(x)      During the period under review, the Company has not raised money by way of initial public offer or 
further   public offer (including debt instruments) .
(xi) (a)  No fraud on or by the company has been noticed or reported during the year.
     (b)  As represented by the management, there are no whistle blower complaints received by the Company 
during the year.
(xii)    Since, the Company is not a Nidhi Company, the Nidhi Rules, 2014 are not applicable.
(xiii)   All transactions with the related parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and details of the same have been disclosed in the Financial Statements as required by the 
applicable accounting standards;
(xiv)  The company has an internal audit system in accordance with its size and business activities. The reports 
of the internal auditors have been considered by the statutory auditor.
(xv)  As explained to us, the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or   
          persons connected with him.
(xvi)(a) The Company is not required to be registered under section 45 IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 97
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 100 =====
For M/S A R N A & Associates. 
Chartered Accountants              
Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri, Partner 
Membership No : 111576 FRN: 122293W
UDIN:-  22111576AIVGMG5415   
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
: 12/05/2022
    (b) The company has not carried on any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities (NBFC or   
          HFC).
     (c) The company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) under the RBI regulations.
 
     (d) The company does not belong to any group that has more than one CIC as part of it.
(xvii) The company has not incurred any cash losses in the financial year and the immediately preceding
          financial year.
(xviii) During the year, there has been no resignation of statutory auditors.
(xix)  On an evaluation of: – The ageing report, financial ratios and expected dates of realisation of financial 
assets and payment of financial liabilities, any other information accompanying the financial statements, 
the auditor's knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans, there exists no material 
uncertainty as on the date of audit report and the company can meet its liabilities which exist as at the 
balance sheet date when such liabilities are due in the future.
(xx)  There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) on other than ongoing 
projects requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act in compliance with 
second proviso to sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the said Act. 
       In respect of ongoing projects, the Company has transferred unspent Corporate Social Responsibility 
(CSR) amount as at the end of the previous financial year, to a Special account within a period of 30 days 
from the end of the said financial year in compliance with the provision of section 135(6) of the Act.
(xxi)   Being a Standalone Company, there are no separate or additional auditors or separate audit reports.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D98
===== PAGE 101 =====
The Annexure referred to in our Report of even date to the members of Menon Bearings Limited on the st
accounts of the Company for the year ended 31  March, 2022
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Menon Bearings Limited (“the st
Company”) as of March 31 , 2022 in conjunction with our audit of the Ind AS financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended on that date.
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based 
on the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (hereinafter “ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly 
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, 
the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by 
ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable 
to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls, and both 
issued by ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls 
over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor's judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Company's internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
A Company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A Company's internal financial control 
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that; 
Annexure B to Independent Auditor's Report
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 99
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 102 =====
 
I. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
II. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts 
and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and directors of the Company; and
III. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, 
use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial 
statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at st
March 31 , 2022  based on;
 i. existing policies and procedures adopted by the Company for ensuring orderly and efficient conduct of 
business.
 ii.  continuous adherence to Company's policies.
 iii. existing procedures in relation to safeguarding of Company's fixed assets, investments, inventories, 
receivables, loans and advances made and cash and bank balances.
 iv. existing system to prevent and detect fraud and errors.
 v. accuracy and completeness of Company's accounting records; and
 vi. existing capacity to prepare timely and reliable financial information.
For M/S A R N A & Associates. 
Chartered Accountants              
Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri, Partner 
Membership No : 111576 FRN: 122293W
UDIN:-  22111576AIVGMG5415   
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
: 12/05/2022
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D100
===== PAGE 103 =====
st
as at 31  March, 2022 Balance Sheet
31.03.2022
Audited
NOTE
NO. 
Sr. No. PARTICULARS 31.03.2021
Audited
Total non-current assets
A ASSETS -
Non-current assets
(a) Property, Plant and equipment
(b) Capital work-in-progress
(c) Investment in Shares
(d) Financial Assets
     (I)  - Security DepositLoans
1
02
23
03
04
(a) Inventories
(b) Financial Assets     
     (i) Trade receivables     
     (ii) Cash and Cash equivalents     
     (iii) Bank Balance other than (ii) above     
     (iv) Loans & Advances
Total Current assets
Total Assets 
Current assets2
05
06
07
07
08
(a) Equity Share Capital
(b) Other Equity
Total Equity
Liabilities
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
EQUITY1
09
10
(a) Financial Liabilities       
     (i) Long-Term borrowings
(b) Deferred Tax liabilities (Net)
Total non-current Liabilities
Non- current liabilities2
11
12
(a) Financial Liabilities     
     (i) Short- Term Borrowings    
     (ii) Trade payables    
     (iii) Other Financial Liabilities
(b) Other current Liabilities
(c) Provision
Total current Liabilities
Total equity and Liabilities
Significant accounting policies and
notes to accounts
Current liabilities3
13
14
15
16
1
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place :   Kolhapurth
Date  :  12  May, 2022
Rahulprasad Agnihotri
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN:-                                                     22111576AIVGMG5415
 
R.D.DIXIT 
 Managing Director
DIN:00626827
NITIN MENON
Executive  Chairman
DIN:00692754 
As per our report of even date attached 
 ARUN ARADHYE 
 Whole Time Director & CFO
DIN:03052587
 NEHA HAROLIKAR
Company Secretary
106.25
7,977.68
2,122.48
5,097.15
702.15
176.47
163.75
93.62
8,355.62
16,333.30
                     560.40 
10,637.89
                  11,198.29
664.33
                     428.21
                 1,092.54
1,663.88
1,319.38
894.05
165.16
16,333.30
                  4,042.47
(Rs. in Lakhs)
7,871.03
0.40
-
(c) Other Current Assets ’ 08
- -
103.72
8,343.61
1,647.67
4,432.54
607.66
167.36
153.26
127.22
7,135.71
15,479.32
                     560.40 
9,311.25
                  9,871.65
1,296.89
                     433.50
                 1,730.39
1,621.01
1,260.98
876.42
118.87
15,479.32
                  3,877.28
8,008.34
110.83
120.72
-
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 101
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 104 =====
Other Operating Revenue
Other Income
Total Revenue (i+ii+iii)
Expenses
Net - Revenue from operationsi
18
19
19,539.62
211.53
49.23
19,800.38
ii
iii
17
31.03.2022
Audited
NOTE
NO. 
Sr. No. PARTICULARS 31.03.2021
Audited
2
1
Cost of Materials Consumed
Changes in inventories of finished goods,
work in progress and Stock-in- trade
Employee benefits expense
Finance Costs
Depreciation and amortization expense
Operating and Other Expenses
20
21
22
23
02
24
8,562.49
(224.97)
1,573.63
259.12
774.63
5,620.34
16,565.24Total
Profit before exceptional and
extraordinary items and tax (1-2)
3
Exceptional Items
Profit before tax (3-4)
3,235.14
-
3,235.14
4
5
6
7
Tax expense:
Profit/(Loss) for the period from 
continuing operations (5 -6)
(1) Current tax
(2) Deferred tax
785.00
2,453.38
(3.24)
8 Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit
 or loss
(i) Re-Measurement gains / (losses) on 
defined benefit plans
(ii) Income tax effect on above
Total Other Comprehensive Income 
(8.00)
                 2.06
                 (5.94)
9 Total comprehensive Income for the period (7+8)
Paid-up equity shares capital
(face value or Re.1 each fully paid up)
10
11 Earnings per equity share (EPS) 
(face value of Re.1 each)
(i) Basic (in Rs.) (not annualised)
(ii) Diluted (in Rs.) (not annulised )
2,447.44
560.40
4.38
4.38
For the year ended on 31.03.2022Statement of Profit & Loss  (Rs. in Lakhs)
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place :   Kolhapurth
Date  :  12  May, 2022
Rahulprasad Agnihotri
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN:-                                             22111576AIVGMG5415
 
As per our report of even date attached 
25
27
25
14,786.70
160.45
142.94
15,090.09
5,305.72
(42.54)
1,466.22
357.09
748.37
4768.06
12,602.92
2,487.17
-
2,487.17
565.00
1,880.00
42.17
15.65
                 (4.01)   
                 11.64
1,891.64
560.40
3.35
3.35
R.D.DIXIT 
 Managing Director
DIN:00626827
NITIN MENON
Executive  Chairman
DIN:00692754 
 ARUN ARADHYE 
 Whole Time Director & CFO
DIN:03052587
 NEHA HAROLIKAR
Company Secretary
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D102
===== PAGE 105 =====
-
1
31.03.2022
Audited
Sr. No. PARTICULARS 31.03.2021
Audited
Cash Flow Statement
st
For the year ended on 31  March 2022
Profit After Tax & Adjustments for 2,447.44
(3.24)
(2.05)
225.70
(10.85)
-
(15.81)
Changes in Working Capital
Current Assets
Inventories
Trade Receivables
774.63
3,415.82
(474.81)
(664.61)
(10.49)
33.61
Short Term Loans Advances
Deferred Tax
Tax on OCI
Interest (Net)
Profit on Sale of Assets
Loss on Sale of Assets
Add:- Depreciation & Amortization
Operating Profit before W/C Changes
Other Current Assets
Current Liabilities
Trade Payables
Other Current Liabilities
Short Term Provisions
58.40
17.63
46.29
2,421.84Cash From Operating Activities
(637.32)
Cash From Investing Activities
Purchase of Fixed Assets
Loss on Sale of Assets
Change in CWIP
Investments              136.53
(2.53)
33.42
2
3
Security Deposits
Interest Received
Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Change in Short Term Borrowing
Change in Long Term Borrowing
Interest Paid
Dividend Paid
Tax on Dividend
Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Total Cash Flow
Add:- Opening Cash & Cash Equivalents
Closing Cash & Cash Equivalents
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Profit / Loss on Fair Valuation of Shares
10.85
110.43
           42.88
(632.56)
(259.13)
(1,120.80)
-
(1,969.61)
103.61
775.01
878.62
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants
Rahulprasad Agnihotri
Partner 
Membership No.:111576
UDIN:-  22111576AIVGMG5415
As per our report of even date attached 
Place :   Kolhapurth
Date  :  12  May, 2022
(348.62)Cash From Investing Activities
-
Profit on Sale of Assets
1,891.64
42.17
4.01
306.46
-
-
(92.30)
748.37
2,900.35
(84.45)
(880.10)
85.28
41.99
324.30
67.06
(32.73)
2,421.70
(1,561.30)
             -
-
50.63
-
899.04
           (168.24)
(754.83)
(357.09)
(840.60)
-
(2,120.76)
(310.69)
1,085.70
775.01
(611.63)
-
R.D.DIXIT 
 Managing Director
DIN:00626827
NITIN MENON
Executive  Chairman
DIN:00692754 
 ARUN ARADHYE 
 Whole Time Director & CFO
DIN:03052587
 NEHA HAROLIKAR
Company Secretary
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 103
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 106 =====
Statement of Changes in Equity
Changes in equity for the
year ended March 31, 2022
Re- measurement of 
Gain/s (Losses) on 
defined benefit plan
Balance as at
April 1, 2020
 560.40 7,154.56 1,026.47 2.56 25.00           51.63           8,820.61 
Changes in equity for 
the year ended
March 31, 2021
Transfer to general
reserve
Re- measurement of 
Gain/s (Losses) on 
defined benefit plan  
Profit for the year
 -  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 560.40 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 560.40 
 -   
 -75.00 
 -   
- 840.60
1,880.00
8,118.96
 -   
 -75.00 
 -   
-1,120.80
2,453.38
9,376.54
 -    -   
 75.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
1,101.47
 -   
 75.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
       1,176.47
2.56 25.00 
2.56 25.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -    -   
 -    -   
11.64
 -   
 -   
63.27
 -    -   
 -    -   
-5.95
 -   
 -   
57.32
11.64
- 840.60
1,880.00
9,871.66
-5.95
-1,120.80
2,453.38
          11,198.29
Sr.
No. Particulars
Equity
share
capital
Reserves & Surplus Other 
Comprehensive
Income
Total equity
attributable to 
equity holders
of the Company
Retained
earnings
General
reserve
Revaluation
reserve
Capital
reserve
2
1
3
4
5
6
dividends (including
dividend distribution tax)
Transfer to general
reserve
Profit for the year
8
9
10
11
12
13
dividends (including
dividend distribution tax)
7 Balance as atst
March 31 , 2021
Balance as atst
March 31 , 2022
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
(Rs. in Lakhs)
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D104
===== PAGE 107 =====
Note No. 1
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Notes on Accounts st
for the year ended on 31  March, 2022
I.    Basis of Preparation :
   The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standards (Ind AS) as prescribed by Ministry of Corporate Affairs under Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015, provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent notified and 
pronouncements of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
     Disclosures under Ind AS are made only in respect of material items and in respect of the items that 
will be useful to the users of financial statements in making economic decisions.
st
     The financial statements for the year ended 31  March 2022 (including comparatives) are duly adopted by th
the Board on 12  May , 2022 for consideration and approval by shareholders.
II.   Summary of accounting policies :
1.  Overall considerations
  The financial statements have been prepared applying the significant accounting policies and    
measurement bases summarized below.
2.  Revenue Recognition
    Revenue is measured at fair value of the consideration received or receivable and net of returns, trade 
allowances and rebates and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. It excludes excise duty Value 
Added Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax and GST.
      i) Sale of Products:
      Revenue from sale of products is recognised when significant risks and rewards of ownership pass to 
the customers, as per the terms of the contract and when the economic benefits associated with the 
transactions will flow to the Company.
     
      ii)  Interest Income:
    Interest incomes are recognized using the time proportion method based on the rates implicit in the 
transaction.  Interest income is included in other income in the statement of profit and loss.
3.  Property, plant and equipment
     i)      Freehold land is stated at historical cost.  All other items of Property, Plant and Equipment are stated at 
cost of acquisition/construction less accumulated depreciation/amortization and impairment, if any. 
Cost includes:
   
      a)  Purchase Price
      b)     Taxes and Duties
      c)       Labour cost and
      d)  Directly attributable overheads incurred up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use.
         However, cost excludes excise duty, value added tax, service tax, and GST to the extent credit 
of the duty or tax is availed of.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 105
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 108 =====
  Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate 
asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the 
item will flow to the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
      ii)  Component Accounting:
      The component of assets are capitalized only if the life of the components vary significantly and whose 
cost is significant in relation to the cost of the respective asset, the life of the component in assets are 
determined based on technical assessment and past history of replacement of such components in 
the assets. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as separate asset is derecognised 
when replaced.
      iii)  Other cost:
      All other repairs and maintenance cost are charged to the statement of profit and loss during the 
reporting period in which they are incurred.
     Profit or Losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These 
are included in the Statement of Profit and Loss within other income/ (loss).
     iv) Depreciation and amortization:
     a)  Depreciation is recognized on a straight-line basis, over the useful life of the buildings and other 
equipments as prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
     b)  Depreciation on tangible fixed assets is charged over the estimated useful life of the asset or part of the 
asset as evaluated on technical assessment on straight line method, in accordance with Part A of 
Schedule II to the Companies Act,2013.
     c)  The estimated useful life of the tangible fixed assets on technical assessment followed by the 
Company is furnished below:
 Material residual value estimates and estimates of useful life are assessed as required.
     d)  The residual value for all the above assets are retained at 5% of the cost. Residual values and useful 
lives are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, for each reporting period.
     e)  On tangible fixed assets added/disposed off during the year, depreciation is charged on pro-rata basis 
for the period for which the asset was purchased and used.
 4)  Impairment:
    Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying 
amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised  for the amount by which the asset's   
Description Range of Useful lives in years
Buildings 30 - 60
Plant & Equipment
Furniture & Fixtures
Office equipments
Vehicles
10 - 15
08 - 10 
03 - 06
08 - 10
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D106
===== PAGE 109 =====
carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.  The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair 
value less costs of disposal and value in use.
        
    In respect of assets whose impairment are to be assessed with reference to other related assets and such 
group of assets have independent cash flows (Cash Generating Units), such assets are grouped and tested 
for impairment.
    Non-financial assets that suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the   
end of each reporting period.
5)  Leases:
     i)   Assets taken on Lease
    As per the terms of lease agreements, there is no substantial transfer of risk and reward of the property 
to the Company and hence such leases are treated as operating lease. The payments on operating 
lease are recognized as an expense over the lease term. Associated costs, such as maintenance and 
insurance, are expensed.
     ii)  Decommissioning charges in respect of properties like Plant and equipment, furniture fixtures and office 
equipment's presently located in land taken on lease are not provided for as it is impractical to estimate 
the sum that will be incurred at the time the lease comes to end. Further there is also likelihood of the 
lessor renewing the lease.
6)   Financial Assets Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets:
     i)   For the purpose of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified and measured 
based on the entity's business model for managing the financial asset and the contractual cash 
flow characteristics of the financial asset at:
      a)  Those to be measured subsequently at fair value either through other comprehensive income (Fair 
Value through Other Comprehensive Income-FVTOCI) or through profit or loss (Fair Value through 
Profit and Loss-FVTPL)  and;
       b)   Those measured at amortized cost
    1. Financial assets at Amortised Cost Includes assets that are held within a business model where the 
objective is to hold the financial assets to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding.
       These assets are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method.  The 
loss allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 
months and credit risk exposure.
    The Company also measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the 
lifetime expected credit losses (ECL) if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased 
significantly since initial recognition
    2. Financial assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI):
    There are no such assets
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 107
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 110 =====
     3.  Financial assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
       
  The Company has investment in shares which are fair valued through Profit & Loss account. Any 
transaction cost on the same are income to Profit & Loss account. The total Profit due to Net Gain on 
Investments shares is Rs. 15,81,436/-
 ii.     Impairment of financial assets:
       All financial assets are reviewed for impairment at least at each reporting date to identify whether there 
is any evidence that a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired.  Different criteria to 
determine impairment are applied for each category of financial assets.
      
  iii.   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting:                   
            There are no such transactions.
      iv.   Trade receivables
    The Company   follows 'simplified approach'   for recognition   of impairment   loss allowance based 
on lifetime Expected Credit Loss at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition.
      v.   Derecognition of financial assets
  A financial asset is derecognised only when;
  a)   The Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset or
    b)   The Company retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but 
expects a contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more recipients.
   There are no such derecognitions.
7)    Financial Liabilities:
 i.  Classification, subsequent measurement and derecognition of financial liabilities
  a.  Classification
   Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit 
or loss or at amortised cost. The Company's financial liabilities include borrowings & trade and other 
payables.
  b.  Subsequent measurement
   Financial liabilities are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest 
method. All interest-related charges and, if applicable, changes in an instrument's fair value that are 
reported in profit or loss are included within finance costs or finance income.
  c. Derecognition
   A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled 
or has expired. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on 
substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an 
exchange or modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of 
a new liability. The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of 
profit or loss.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D108
===== PAGE 111 =====
8)   Inventories
  Inventories are valued at lower of cost or net realizable value.  Net realisable value is the estimated selling 
price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated cost of completion and the estimated costs 
necessary to make the sale. Cost is ascertained on weighted average basis in accordance with the method 
of valuation prescribed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
 i.    Raw materials
  Raw materials are valued at cost of purchase, net of duties (credit availed w.r.t taxes and duties) and 
includes all expenses incurred in bringing the materials to location of use.
 ii.   Work-in-process and Finished Goods
  Work-in-process and finished goods include conversion costs in addition to the landed cost of raw 
materials.
 iii.  Stores and spares
   Stores, spares and tools cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition.
9) Income Taxes
 Tax expense recognized in the statement of profit or loss comprises the sum of deferred tax and current tax 
not recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
 Calculation of current tax is based on tax rates in accordance with tax laws that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred income taxes are calculated using the 
liability method on temporary differences between tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amounts for financial reporting purposes at reporting date. Deferred taxes pertaining to items recognised in 
other comprehensive income (OCI) are disclosed under OCI.
 Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that the underlying tax loss or deductible 
temporary difference will be utilized against future tax liability. This is assessed based on the Company's 
forecast of future earnings, excluding non-taxable income and expenses and specific limits on the use of 
any unused tax loss or credit.
 Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized in full, although Ind AS 12 'Income Taxes' specifies some 
exemptions. As a result of these exemptions the Company does not recognize deferred tax liability on 
temporary differences relating to goodwill, or to its investments in subsidiaries.
10)  Post-employment benefits and short-term employee benefits
 i. Short term obligations:
   Short term obligations are those that are expected to be settled fully within 12 months after the end of the 
reporting period. They are recognised up to the end of the reporting period at the amounts expected to 
be paid at the time of settlement.
 ii. Other long term employee benefits obligations:
  The liabilities for earned leave are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after end of the 
period in which the employees render the related service. They are, therefore, recognised and provided 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 109
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 112 =====
for at the present value of the expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by 
employee up to the end of reporting period using the projected unit credit method.  The benefits are 
discounted using the market yields at the end of the reporting period that have terms approximating to 
the terms of the related obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and 
changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI).
 The obligations are presented as current liabilities in the balance sheet if the entity does not have an 
unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of 
when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
     iii. Post-employment obligation:
    The Company operates the following post-employment schemes:
  a)  Defined contribution plan such as Gratuity & provident fund    
    Gratuity obligation:   
     The company has created The Employees Group Gratuity fund which has taken gratuity cum life 
insurance policy from LIC of India. Premium on said policy is calculated by LIC & Conveyed to us 
on the basic of Project unit credit Method. The same is accounted for in books of accounts.  
        Provident Fund:
       The eligible employees of the Company are entitled to receive benefits in respect of provident 
fund, a defined contribution plan, in which both employees and the Company make monthly 
contributions at a specified percentage of the covered employees salary. The provident fund 
contributions are made to EPFO.
        Bonus Payable:
       The Company recognises a liability and an expense for bonus. The Company recognises a 
provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a 
constructive obligation.
11)   Provisions and contingent liabilities
i.    Provisions:
     A provision is recorded when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past 
events and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount 
can be reasonably estimated.
 
Provisions are evaluated at the present value of management's   best estimate of the expenditure required 
to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the 
present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest 
expenses.
ii.   Contingent liabilities:
    Whenever there is possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed  
only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one  or more  uncertain future events not wholly within the 
control of the entity or a present obligation  that arises from past events  but is not recognised  because  (a) it 
is not probable  that an outflow  of resources embodying economic benefits will be required  to settle the 
obligation; or (b) the amount  of the obligation  cannot  be measured  with sufficient reliability are considered 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D110
===== PAGE 113 =====
as contingent  liability. Show cause notices are not considered as Contingent Liabilities unless converted 
into demand.
iii.  Contingent  Assets:
    The Company does not recognise contingent assets. If it is virtually certain then they will be recognised as 
asset. These are assessed continually to ensure that the developments are appropriately disclosed in the 
financial statements.
12)   Earnings per share:
    Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. The 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events including a 
bonus issue, bonus element in a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and reverse share split 
(consolidation of shares). For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for 
the period attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding 
during the period are considered for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
13)   Cash and Cash equivalents and Cash Flow Statement:
    Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, together with other short-term, 
highly liquid investments maturing within three months from the date of acquisition and which are readily 
convertible into cash and which are subject to only an insignificant risk of changes in value.
Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit/(loss) before tax is appropriately 
classified for the effects of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future 
receipts or payments.  In the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, cheques 
on hand, balances with banks in current accounts and other short- term highly liquid investments with 
original maturities of three months or less.
14)   Segment reporting:
 
    The Company operates in one business segment namely “Auto Components”. Hence reporting under this 
standard is not applicable.
15)   Borrowing costs:
 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are 
capitalised during the period of time that is necessary to complete and prepare the asset for its intended use 
or sale. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred under finance costs. 
During the year, the company has capitalised borrowing costs of Rs.NIL      
 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 111
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 114 =====
Notes:
a.  Shri Nitin Menon – Executive Chairman, Shri R. D. Dixit –Managing Director and Arun R.Aradhye Whole 
time Director & CFO are employees of the Company.  Shri M.L.Shinde, Shri G.T.Vasa (Independent 
Director upto 27.10.2021), Mrs. Kailash A.Nevagi and Dr. Santosh Prabhu Independent Directors are 
not paid any remuneration, Only Sitting Fees are paid to them. The salary, perquisites and remuneration 
paid are disclosed under Report on Corporate Governance point no.8.3 as details of Remuneration and 
sitting fees paid to Directors.                                                                      
b.  Apart from above mentioned parties, following parties are also related parties of the Company. 
However, no significant transactions took place with these parties during the year.
  1.   Menon Signature Pvt.Ltd.
  2.   Flyga Resorts Pvt.Ltd. 
c.   Mr. Nitin Menon hold 10% or more shares in the Company.
   
There are no write offs / write backs of any amount for any of the above parties during the year.
Following are the related parties: -
Sr.
No.
Name of Party Relation  Current Year 
31.03.2022 
Nature of 
Transaction
 Previous Year 
31.03.2021
(Rs. in Lakhs)
3502.68
40.55
49.67
0.04
0.04
1. Mani  Auto 
Components
2.
3.
5.
Shri Nitin Menon is a partner
Independent Director
Sitting Fees
Shri R. D. Dixit
111.284. Shri Nitin Menon Executive  Chairman Remuneration
Flyga Auto Pvt.Ltd.
Menon United 
Pvt. Ltd. 
Managing Director Remuneration
Shri M. L. Shinde Sitting Fees
Shri Nitin Menon is a Chairman
Shri Nitin Menon is a Chairman
Sales 
Service Charges
Corporate Services
Purchase of Car 
Mrs. Kailash A.Nevagi Independent Director
52.446.
7.
Shri Arun R. Aradhye
Shri Aditya N.Menon
Director's Remuneration
Rent
Whole time Director & CFO
Son of Executive Chairman -
8.
10.
12.
Shri Anshul N.Menon RentSon of Executive Chairman 10.17
0.02
0.04
Sitting Fees
Sitting Fees
Shri G. T. Vasa
Dr. Santosh Prabhu
Independent Director (Up to 27.10.2021) 
Independent Director 
11.
13.
16) Related Party Disclosures as per IND AS 24
Motor Vehicle Repairs 
Charges
52.42
9. Shri Aditya N.Menon SalarySon of Executive Chairman 27.61
2050.81
129.21
28.44
50.26
0.04
0.04
127.33
47.91
3.78
7.81
0.02
0.04
-
1.56
9.58
28.44
4.49
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D112
===== PAGE 115 =====
17)  Government Grants:
          The Company has a policy to recognize Government grants only when-
i)          It has complied with the conditions attached to it and
ii)        there is a reasonable assurance that it will be received. Grants related to assets are presented in the Balance  
Sheet as deferred income and recognized in Profit and Loss account on systematic basis over the useful life of 
the asset. Currently there are no such grants. Grants related to income are presented as part of Profit and Loss 
account under “ Other Operating Revenue”. Grants related to duty drawback refunds are accounted on receipt 
basis as the time frame within which it will be received cannot be estimated.
III.        Significant management judgment in applying accounting policies and estimation of Uncertainty
      While preparing the financial statements, management has made a number of judgments, estimates and     
assumptions about the recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. 
(i)         Significant management judgment
          The following are significant management judgments in applying the accounting policies of the Company that 
have significant effect on the financial statements.
            Recognition of deferred tax assets/Liability
The extent to which deferred tax assets/Liability can be recognized is based on an assessment of the 
probability that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and 
tax loss carry-forwards can be utilized. In addition, careful judgment is exercised in assessing the impact of any 
legal or economic limits or uncertainties in various tax issues.
(ii)        Estimation of uncertainty
          Information about estimates and assumptions that have the most significant effect on recognition and 
measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses is mentioned below.  Actual results may be different.
a.         Impairment of non-financial assets 
       In assessing impairment, management has estimated economic usefulness of the assets, the recoverable 
amount of each asset or cash- generating units based on expected future cash flows and use of an interest rate 
to discount them.  Estimation of uncertainty relates to assumptions about economically future operating cash 
flows and the determination of a suitable discount rate.
b.         Useful lives of depreciable assets 
            Management reviews its estimate of the useful lives of depreciable assets at each reporting date, based on the 
expected utility of the assets.  Uncertainties in these estimates relate to technological obsolescence that may 
change the utility of assets including Intangible Assets.
c.         Inventories
Management has carefully estimated the net realizable values of inventories, taking into account the most 
reliable evidence available at each reporting date.  The future realization of these inventories may be affected 
by market-driven changes.
d.         Defined benefit obligation (DBO) 
           Management's estimate of the DBO is based on a number of critical underlying assumptions such as standard 
rates of inflation, mortality, discount rate and anticipation of future salary increases.  Variation in these 
assumptions may significantly impact the DBO amount and the annual defined benefit expenses (as analysed 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 113
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 116 =====
in Note .10).
e.         Current and non-current classification
All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Company's normal 
operating cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature 
of products and time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash 
equivalents, the Company has ascertained its operating cycle as twelve months for the purpose of current or 
non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D114
===== PAGE 117 =====
NOTES OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR YEAR ENDING 2022 (CONTD.)
Note No. 02                 FIXED  ASSETS
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
GROSS BLOCK DEPRICIATION NET BLOCK
Ye
ar
s
ParticularsSr.
No
1
Opening
Balance
Additi-
ons
Deleti-
ons
Total Upto On
Openi-
ng
On
Addit-
ions
For
the
Year
Adjus-
tments
Total As on
31/03/
22
As on
31/03/
21
A.  Tangible Assets
Land 
( free hold)
Site
develop-
ment
Building
Plant and
machinery
Electrical
installation
Tools and
implements
Effiluent
treatement
plant
Office
equipments
Miscellan-
eous
assets
Computers
Furniture
Vehicle
Electrical
Forklift
TOTAL
Land 
(lease hold)
2
3
4
5
6
7
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
-
-
-
30
15
15
15
15
15
5
15
15
10
6
8
10
Material
handling
equip.
8
Fire
fighting
9
824.35
36.76
      495.10 
   2,448.22 
   8,885.50 
      384.39 
      934.48
      108.98 
        96.05 
        23.90 
        88.48 
      188.76 
      317.79
8.50
  14,996.10 
    -
-
    -
    137.22
    314.54
        4.04
      74.98
5.95
      11.00
0.90
        2.61
        23.39
73.16
-
  650.34
191.16
       300.86
        106.33         2.54
        48.49 -
      824.35 
36.76
      495.10 
   2,585.44 
   9,008.88
      388.43
      954.69
      108.87
48.49
95.92
        107.05
        24.80
        76.76
      212.15
369.38
8.50
  15,345.58
Previous
Year
Amount
      45.60
-
        5.91
    602.33
  5,041.26
    242.15
453.76
      70.64
      19.18
      77.17
      58.94
      13.08
      82.35
      103.06
    177.14
        2.87
  6,995.44
10.35
-
             1.97 
       73.61
    487.72
       15.51
       98.42
           6.59
           4.65
           3.94
           8.65
           1.50
           2.13
         11.35 
       21.93 
             0.54 
    748.84
-
-
-
1.79
    4.00
      0.22
      7.41
      0.92
-
19.02
      1.21
0.01
      0.41
      0.87 
3.86
-
    21.34
   10.35 
-
1.97
   75.40
  491.71
   15.73
   105.82
   7.51
     4.65
0.63
     9.86
     1.51 
     2.54
   12.23
   25.79
0.54
  770.18 
-
-
-
-
0.08
54.77
-
-
     4.58 
-
-
14.34
-
14.42
-
285.08
182.46
      55.95
-
        7.88
    677.73
  5,350.52
    257.80
    504.81
      78.15
      23.83
      62.72
      68.80
      14.60
      70.56
    115.29
    188.50
        3.41
  7,480.54
    768.40
          36.76 
              487.22
  1,907.71
  3,658.37
    130.63
    449.88
      30.73
      24.67
      33.19
      38.25
      10.20
        6.20 
      96.86
    180.88
        5.09 
  7,865.04
1,560.01 0.18 14,996.10 6,253.94 693.51 47.99 741.50 - 6,995.44
B. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
1
2
Technical
know how
Computers
Software
3
3
52.45
        74.12 
-
        2.75
-
-
52.45
        76.87
52.45
      66.43
-
     3.90
     3.90
6.58
      0.54 
      0.54
0.29
-
     4.45
     4.45
6.87
-
-
-
-
52.45 -
        5.99
        5.99
7.69
      70.88
TOTAL
125.10
        2.75
1.47
-
-
      129.32 
126.57
    118.88 
112.01
    123.33
118.88Previous
Year Amount
-
-
-
54.77
-
-
19.02
-
-
14.34
-
       21.57
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
      126.56 
8,000.66
Rs.in Lakhs
13,436.28
    778.75 
          36.76 
              489.19 
  1,845.89 
  3,844.24 
    142.24 
    480.72 
      35.70 
      29.32 
      31.81 
      37.12 
      10.81 
        6.12 
      85.70 
    140.65 
        5.63 
  8,000.65 
        7.69 
        7.69 
13.09
7,182.32
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 115
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 118 =====
Particulars
Note No.03
c) Investment in Shares
Previous 
Year Ended 
on 31.03.2021
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2022
Trade (Quoted)
1)  10,000,20000 & 10000 Equity Shares of Tata Motors Limited 
@ Rs. 262.96,187.00 & Rs. 262.03 each
(Market Value as on 31.03.2021 Rs. 301.80 per share ) 
(Market Value Rs. 1,20,72,000) 
-
TOTAL  
TOTAL  
TOTAL  
TOTAL  
TOTAL  
-
Note No.04
Note No.05
Note No.06
(I) Long Term - Security Deposit
Telephone deposit
MSEDCL Deposit
Water deposit
0.70
102.77
2.78
106.25
Current  Assets - 
(a) Inventories
a) Raw Material
b) Stores & Spares
c) Finished goods
d) Work in Process
712.57 
181.23
934.27
294.41
2,122.48
(b) Financial Assets - 
(i)Trade Receivables
(Unsecured, considered good)
Outstanding for a period exceeding 6 months
Other Debts
716.93
4,380.22
5,097.15
Note No.07
74.67
626.19
702.15
(ii) Cash and Cash equivalents
(iii) Bank Balance other than (ii) above
            i) In Current A/c
           ii) In Fixed Deposits & Recurring Deposit
          
            iii) Other Bank Balances - Dividend Warrant   
                Accounts
Earmarked balances with banks- Dividend Warrant Accounts
1.29
-
(Rs. in Lakhs)
176.47
TOTAL  878.62
120.72
120.72
0.70
100.24
2.78
103.72
463.20
180.76
639.48
364.23
1,647.67
850.94
3,581.60
4,432.54
70.10
535.35
607.66
2.21
-
167.36
775.02
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D116
===== PAGE 119 =====
Particulars
Previous 
Year Ended 
on 31.03.2021
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2022
Note No.08
(iv) Loans  - Short -Term Loans & Advances
Other advance
Staff advance
Interest accrued but not received
Other Deposits
Prepaid expenses
Advance Income Tax
Sales Tax Refund
Advance to suppliers
Excise Duty
Service Tax
7.72
                18.68
1.59 
9.49
16.63
109.64
24.03
69.60
                -
-
93.62
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
560.40 
Note No.09
EQUITY
(a) Equity Share Capital
Authorised:
10,10,00,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each fully paid
(Previous Year 10,10,00,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each) 
Issued,Subscribed and paid up :
5,60,40,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each fully paid
(Previous year 5,60,40,000 Equity Shares of 
Re.1 each fully paid ) 
    1,010.00 
      560.40 
(Rs. in Lakhs)
c) Other Current Assets
TOTAL
TOTAL
163.75TOTAL
9.74
                21.08 
3.66 
14.49
9.66 
94.63 
54.34
67.81 
                1.85 
3.22
127.22
560.40 
    1,010.00 
      560.40 
153.26
01) The Company has a single class of equity shares. All equity shares rank equally with regard to dividends 
and shares in the company’s residual assets.
02) Equity shareholders holding more then 5% of the equity shares along with the number of equity shares held 
is as given below
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 117
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 120 =====
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Name of the Shareholder 31.03.2021
No. of Shares
31.03.2022 
10,637.89 9,311.25
Nitin Menon
Menon United Pvt. Ltd. 
Sucheta Nitin Menon
Aditya Nitin Menon
Anshul Nitin Menon
Note No. 10
(b) Other Equity
General Reserve
Add : Current Year
Sub-Total
Capital Reserve
Revaluation Reserve
Profit & Loss Account (Surplus)
1,70,16,780
1,36,19,800
28,01,964
32,44,978
32,44,978
1,101.47
             75.00 
1,176.47
             25.00 
                 2.56 
9,433.86
1,70,16,780
1,36,19,800
28,01,964
32,44,978
32,44,978
1,026.47
             75.00 
1,101.47
             25.00 
                 2.56 
8,182.23
Note: 
a. Surplus
Opening Balance
Add:- Net Profit for the current period
Profit available for appropriation
Less: Dividend Paid on equity shares
TOTAL
Less: Transfer to General Reserve
Balance carried forward to Balance Sheet
8,182.23
2,453.38          
10,629.66 
1,120.80
9,508.86 
               75.00 
9,433.86
     7,206.18
1,880.00       
9,097.83
840.60
8,257.23
75.00
8,182.23
LIABILITIES
Non Current Liabilities
Note No. 11
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Long-Term Borrowings
a) Term Loan from Banks
Bajaj Finance Ltd
HDFC Bank Ltd
b) Car Loans from Banks
State Bank of india / HDFC Bank Ltd / Bank of Baroda
TOTAL
239.14
390.78
        34.41
664.33
437.48
826.89
32.52
1,296.89                  
 No. of Shares% %
30.37
24.30
5.00
5.79
5.79
30.37
24.30
5.00
5.79
5.79
TOTAL
Add:- Other comprehensive income (5.95) 11.64
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D118
===== PAGE 121 =====
A)  Bajaj Finance :- The company has utilised Term Loan of Rs.9.00 Crores. The repayment of this utilised loan amount is 
to be done by monthly Instalment of Rs.16,07,150/- plus interest as and when applied till 05/05/2024. The loan is secured 
by exclusive charge over immovable and movable fixed assets located at B-2, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon and Personal 
Guarantee of Shri Nitin Menon.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
B) HDFC Bank :-The Company is sanctioned Term Loan of Rs.30.25 Crore, Out of this, the Company has utilised the Term 
Loan of Rs.22.55 Crore.The loan is repayable in monthly instalments of Rs. 49,71,987/- plus interest as and when applied 
till 24/11/2026. The Loan is Secured by Pari Passu charge on Factory land and Building at Plot No C-1, Kagal Five Star 
MIDC, Hatkanangale and exclusive first charge on Factory Land & Building at G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur. Pari 
Passu charge over entire movable fixed assets of  Bearing and Alkop division. Plus Collateral charge on entire current 
assets of Alkop & Bearing division and Personal guarantee of Shri. Nitin  Menon.
C) The Long Term Borrowing includes Car Loan taken by the Company from the State Bank of India , Bank of Baroda & 
HDFC Bank.
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Bank Name
State Bank of India Car Loan
Bajaj Finance Ltd.
HDFC Bank Ltd.
Axis Bank Ltd.Car Loan 
HDFC Bank Ltd. Car Loan 
Bank of Baroda Car Loan 
Loan Amt in
lakhs
Installment 
Amt. in
Lakhs
Loan 
Amt 
in lakhs
Installment
Amt. in
Lakhs
31.03.2022
44.87
432.00
949.48
-
20.14
0.83
18.70
32.50
              -
0.65
0.29
2.56
0.65
1.64
25.99
40.93
31.03.2021
609.67
1,258.53
18.99
19.56
2.5612.52
Particulars
Current Year
Ended on
31.03.2022
Previous Year
Ended on
31.03.2021
Note No. 12
( C ) Defered Tax Liabilities (Net)
Defered Tax Liability 
a) Depreciation Opening
Add: During the year
Closing Liability (a)
b) Disallowances as per Section 43B & 40(a)of Income Tax Act
Opening
Add: During the year
Closing Asset (b)
c) Others Opening
Add:- During the Year
416.13
34.56
450.69
11.67
(22.19)
(10.52)
               5.70
(17.67)
Closing Asset ©
Defered Tax Liability (Net) (a-b-c)
(11.96)
428.21
411.04
5.09
416.13
(26.60)
38.27
11.67
               2.88
2.83 
5.70 
433.50 
- -
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 119
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 122 =====
Note No. 14
(ii) Trade Payable
Trade Payable
Trade Payable (M.S.M.E.)
TOTAL
1,040.57
278.81
1,319.38
Note No. 15
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities
Gratuity Payable
Deposit from Customers
C.S.R.(CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY)
Provision for expenses
'Unpaid / Unclaimed Dividend
TOTAL
86.58
32.62
77.07
521.31
176.47
894.05
Note: st 
 There are no amounts due and outstanding to be credited to investor education and protection fund as on 31 March, 2022
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Note:
a) The Working Capital facilities from HDFC Bank Ltd. Kolhapur are secured by stock of raw materials, semi-
finished goods,  finished goods and debtors, collateral security of factory land & building situated at G-1 MIDC 
Gokul shirgaon, Kolhapur-416234  & C-1, MIDC, Kagal and personal guarantee of Mr.Nitin Menon.
Current Liabilities
Particulars
Current Year
Ended on
31.03.2022
Previous Year
Ended on
31.03.2021
Note No. 13
(a) Financial Liabilities
     Name of Bank 
Bajaj Finance Ltd Cash Credit
HDFC Bank Ltd Cash Credit
-
869.21
Term Loan Due within 1 Year
Vehicle Loans Due within 1 Year
Unsecured Loans
Sales tax Deferral Loan Due within 1 Year
TOTAL
751.56
43.11
-
1,663.88
304.48
665.19
603.82
36.05 
11.47 
1,621.01
1,000.77
260.21
1,260.98
31.47
31.32
102.02
544.25
167.36
876.42
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D120
===== PAGE 123 =====
Note No. 16
(b) Other Current Liabilities
TOTAL
TOTAL
TOTAL
TOTAL
Statutory Liabilities
Advance From Customers
Leave Encashment
112.44
21.30
31.42
165.16
Note No. 17
Sales
1. Auto & Aluminium Die Casting Components
2. Scrap Sale
19,360.76
178.86
19,539.62
Note No. 18
Note No. 19
33.42
15.81
49.23
Other Operating Revenue
a) Exchange Difference
b) Sale of DEPB License
c) Duty Drawback Refund
d) Income from other Source
e) Other Income
f) Profit on Sale of Fixed Asset
56.14
32.71
44.46
32.36
35.01
10.85
211.53
Other Income
Income from non-current investments
a) Interest Received
b) Net gain/ loss on sale of investment  
Note No. 20
Cost of Materials Consumed
A] Raw Material
Opening Stock
Add : Purchases
 
 
463.20
8,811.86
8,562.49
9,275.06
Total : 
Less: Closing Stock
Raw Material Consumed
Total : 
712.57
712.57
Particulars
Previous 
Year Ended 
on 31.03.2021
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2022
(Rs. in Lakhs)
55.79
37.49
25.59
118.87
14,640.47
146.23
14,786.70
50.64
92.30
142.94
-
57.74
48.24
33.92
20.55
-
160.45 
373.52
5,395.40
5,305.72
5,768.92
463.20
463.20
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 121
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 124 =====
Particulars
Previous 
Year Ended 
on 31.03.2021
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2022
Note No. 21
1,003.71
Changes in  stock of Work-in-Process and Finished Goods
Opening Stock
Finished Goods
Work in Process
639.48
364.23
Closing Stock :
Finished Goods
Work in Process
Increase / (Decrease )in Stock 
934.27
294.41
1,228.68
(224.97)
Note No. 22
Employee Benefits Expenses
Directors Remuneration
Salary and Wages
Labour Welfare
Contribution to Provident Fund
Contribution to Group Gratuity Trust
213.39
1,164.04
20.57
93.60
82.03
1,573.63
Note No. 23
Cost of Finance
Interest
Bank Commission & Other Charges
259.13
245.34
13.79
Note No. 24
Operating and Other Expenses
A] Operating Expenses
Stores & Spares Consumed
Electricity
Power & Fuel Expense
Electric Material
Outside labour charges
Contract Labour Charges
Water charges
Repairs & Maintenance
Testing Fees
Hamali
Machining Charges
Total Operating Expenses
1,353.84
1,399.05
84.19
5.55
152.47
1,307.76
30.81
237.75
8.05
5.98
7.13
4,592.58
(Rs. in Lakhs)
TOTAL
TOTAL
TOTAL
961.17
616.49
344.68
639.48
364.23
1,003.71
(42.54)              
225.50
1,115.95
17.96
75.83
30.98
1,466.22
357.09 
341.33
15.76
1,017.60
1,246.05
66.74
20.40
122.43
1,051.34
23.37
165.67
7.81
4.40
4.23
3,730.04
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D122
===== PAGE 125 =====
Particulars
Previous 
Year Ended 
on 31.03.2021
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2022
B] Other Expenses
Advertisement
C.S.R.(CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY ) Expenses
i) Audit Fees
ii) Other Services
Business Expenses
Establishment Expenses
Foreign Tour Expenses
Freight Outward
Insurance
Building Repairs
9.73
53.71
3.25
0.29
48.74
28.44
-
311.36
30.17
70.55
Legal & Consultation
Misc. Expenses
Postage, Telephone 
Printing & Stationary
Rent, Rates and Taxes
Sales Promotion Expenses
Sitting Fees
Traveling Expenses
Vehicle & Conveyance Expenses
Exhange Loss
Total B] Other Expenses
56.56
21.55
16.74
14.70
25.72
259.25
0.14
52.76
6.12
17.98
-
1,027.76
Total [A+B] Operating and Other Expenses 5,620.34
Note No. 25
Tax  Expense
Current Tax
Deffered Tax
       785.00
(3.24)
781.76TOTAL
Note No. 26
Retirement Benefits (Gratuity)
Valuation Method - Projected Unit Credit Method
1. Results of valuation 
a. PV of Past Service Benefit
b. Current Service Costs
c. Total Service Gratuity 
d. Accured Gratuity
e. LCSA
f. LC Premiun
GST Tax @ 18 %
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Debaters Write off Account
460.76
26.81
900.18
463.45
435.23
1.43
                      0.26
9.87
58.67
3.25
0.99
39.01
28.44
1.31
245.07
27.92
71.14
46.61
25.45
21.62
7.04
31.45
310.48
0.14
57.82
1.44
15.09
35.21
1,038.02
4,768.06
       565.00 
42.17
607.17 
394.72
24.14
816.90
401.98
412.83
1.31
                      0.24
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 123
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 126 =====
2.  Recommended Contribution Rate
a. Fund value as on renewal date
b. Additional Contribution for existing fund
c. Current Service Costs
3. Total Amount payable (1.f +1.g+2.b+2.c)
4. Less: Amount Paid
5. Liability appearing in Balance Sheet
386.02
74.92
26.64
103.24
16.66
86.58
Particulars
Previous 
Year Ended 
on 31.03.2021
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2022
Note No. 27
Leave Encashment
Valuation Method - Projected Unit Credit Method
A) Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss recognized for the period
Asset limit effect
Return on Plan Assets excluding net interest
Unirecognized Actuarial (Gain)/Loss from previous period
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss recognized in (OCI)
B) Movements in the Liability recognized in Balance Sheet
Opening Net Liability
Adjustment to opening balance
Expenses as above
Contribution paid
Other Comprehensive  Income (OCI)
Closing Net Liability
             8.00
                             -   
                            -   
                            -   
                   8.00
25.59
                         -   
(1.76)
(0.41)
                  8.00
31.42
402.80
11.15
19.80
32.49
1.02
31.47
             (15.65)
                             -   
                            -   
                            -   
                   (15.65)
38.81
                         -   
3.11
(0.69)
                  (15.65)
25.59
Note No. 28 st
Capital Work In Progress Ageing as at 31  March, 2022
Particulars Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years Total
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Projects in Progress         0.40         0.40
Projects temporarily 
suspended 
- - - - -
st
Capital Work In Progress Ageing as at 31  March, 2021
Particulars Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 3 years Total
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Projects in Progress         110.83         110.83
Projects temporarily 
suspended 
- - - - -
- - -
(Rs. in Lakhs)
- - -
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D124
===== PAGE 127 =====
Note No. 29
Reconciliation of number of Equity shares outstanding at the beginning and end of the year:
Particulars st
As at 31  March, 2022 st
As at 31  March, 2021
Equity Shares 
 
        No of shares Amount 
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Balance at the 
beginning of the year  5,60,40,000 560.40
Amount 
(Rs. in Lakhs)
        No of shares 
Balance at the end 
of the year 5,60,40,000 560.40
5,60,40,000
5,60,40,000
560.40
560.40
st
Shares held by Promoter & Promoter Group at the end of the year (i.e. 31  march, 2022)
Nitin Menon
Menon United Pvt. Ltd. 
Sucheta Nitin Menon 
Aditya Nitin Menon 
Anshul Nitin Menon 
Promoter 
Promoter Group 
Promoter Group 
Promoter Group 
Promoter Group 
-
-
-
-
-
1,70,16,780
1,36,19,800
28,01,964
32,44,978
32,44,978
Number of 
Shares
30.37
24.30
5.00
5.79
5.79
Name Sr. No. Category % of total 
shares
% change during 
the year
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
Note No. 30 st
Trade Payables Ageing as at 31   March, 2022
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payment / from date of invoice raised
Total 
        278.81
1,025.85
-
-
1,304.66
(Rs. in Lakhs)
MSME
Others
Disputed dues MSME
Disputed dues others 
TOTAL
       -
0.05
-
-
0.05
       -
14.67
-
-
14.67
       -
-
-
-
-
        278.81
1,040.57
-
-
1,319.38
st 
Trade Payable Ageing as at 31 March, 2021
Particulars Total 
        260.22
986.09
-
-
1,246.31
(Rs. in Lakhs)
TOTAL
       -
14.67
-
-
14.67
       -
-
-
-
-
       -
-
-
-
-
        260.22
1,000.76
-
-
1,260.98
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years 
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payment / from date of invoice raised
MSME
Others
Disputed dues MSME
Disputed dues others 
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 125
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 128 =====
Note No. 31 st 
Trade receivables ageing as at 31 March, 2022
Sr. 
No. 
Less than 
6 months 
Particulars 6 months 
– 1 year 
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years 
Total
1
2
3
4
5
6
Undisputed Trade 
Receivables-Considered Good
Undisputed Trade 
Receivables-which have 
significant increase in 
Credit risk
Undisputed Trade 
Receivables-Credit Impaired
Disputed Trade 
Receivables-Considered Good
Disputed Trade Receivables - 
which have significant 
increase in Credit risk
Disputed Trade Receivables - 
Credit Impaired
4,328.10
-
-
-
-
-
273.39
-
-
-
-
-
430.20
-
-
-
-
-
22.16
-
-
-
-
-
43.30
-
-
-
-
-
5,097.15
-
-
-
-
-
st 
Trade receivable ageing as at 31 March, 2021
Sr. 
No. 
Less than 
6 months 
Particulars 6 months 
– 1 year 
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years 
Total
1
2
3
4
5
6
Undisputed Trade 
Receivables-Considered Good
Undisputed Trade 
Receivables-which have 
significant increase in 
Credit risk
Undisputed Trade 
Receivables-Credit Impaired
Disputed Trade 
Receivables-Considered Good
Disputed Trade Receivables - 
which have significant 
increase in Credit risk
Disputed Trade Receivables - 
Credit Impaired
3,507.70
-
-
-
-
-
660.36
-
-
-
-
-
196.23
-
-
-
-
-
63.94
-
-
-
-
-
4.31
-
-
-
-
-
4,432.54
-
-
-
-
-
TOTAL 4,328.10 273.39 430.20 22.16 43.30 5,097.15
TOTAL 3,507.70 660.36 196.23 63.94 4.31 4,432.54
(Rs. in Lakhs)
(Rs. in Lakhs)
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D126
===== PAGE 129 =====
Note No. 32
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activity
Sr. 
No. 
Particulars st
Year ended 31   
March, 2022
st
Year ended 31  
March, 2021
1
2
3
4
5
6
Amount required to be spent 
by the Company during the year 
Amount of expenditure incurred on 
 i) Construction/acquisition of 
any assets
ii) On purpose of other than (i) 
above
Shortfall at the end of the year
Total of Previous year shortfall 
53.11  58.67
(including amount spent on ongoing project)
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Reason for shortfall
Nature of CSR activities
Details of related party transactions 
in relation to CSR expenditure as per
relevant Accounting Standard :
7
- -
18.53 -
34.58
  40.63 -
-
Since the Company is in process of developing Auditorium 
(long term project), the unspent CSR amounts are duly
 transferred to separate bank accounts, to be utilised for 
this project only.  
Promotion and development of traditional art and handicrafts, 
training to promote rural sports, promotion of education, 
promotion of health care etc. 
- -
In terms of Amendment to Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021 (the 
nd
CSR Rules 2021) effective from 22  January, 2021, if a Company fails to spend the prescribed CSR amount 
during the year and such unspent amount pertains to any ongoing project, the Company shall transfer the 
unspent amount to a special bank account to be opened by the Company in that behalf for that financial year in 
any scheduled bank to be called the Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility Account within a period of 30 
days from the end of the relevant financial year. Rs. 35.18 Lakhs unspent during the FY 2021-2022 has been 
already deposited by the Company in a separate bank account within the stipulated period.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 127
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 130 =====
Note No 33– Ratio's 
Sr. 
No. 
NumeratorParticulars Denominator Year Ended Remark 
for variance 
more than 
25%
1
2
3
4
5
6
Current 
Assets
2.07
0.21
3.88
21.91
8.13
4.10
6.83
4.53
12.39
31.20
N.A.
1.85
0.30
4.36
19.04
7.06
3.70
4.91
4.52
12.46
28.81
N.A.
11.98%
(29.66%)
(11.10%)
15.07%
15.09%
10.72%
39.10%
0.18%
(0.55%)
8.30%
N.A.
st 
31
March,
2022
Variance
Current Ratio 
(In times)
Debt-Equity Ratio
(In times)
Debt Service Coverage 
Ratio (In times)
Return on Equity 
(ROE) (%)
Inventory Turnover 
Ratio (In times)
Trade Receivables 
Turnover  Ratio 
(In times)
Trade Payables 
Turnover Ratio 
(In times)
Net Capital Turnover 
Ratio (In times)
Net Profit Ratio (%)
Return on Capital 
Employed (ROCE)(%)
Return on 
Investment (%)
7
8
9
10
11
Total Debt
Net 
Operating 
Income 
Net 
Income 
Cost of 
goods sold
Net Sales
Net Credit 
Purchases
Net Sales
Net Profits
Earning 
before
interest and 
taxes
Net Income 
Current 
Liabilities
Shareholder's
Equity
Debt Service
Average
Shareholder's
Equity
Average
Inventory
Average 
Trade
Receivables
Avg Trade
Payables
Working 
Capital
Total Income
Capital 
Employed
Cost of 
Investment 
Debt equity 
ratio is 
improved on 
account of 
repayment 
of loan & 
increase in 
equity
Due to 
Repayment 
of creditors
Note No.34  : Other Statutory Information
1)  The Company does not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending 
against the Group for holding any Benami property.
2)   The Company does not have any transactions with struck off companies.
3)  The Company does not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond the 
statutory period.
st 
31
March,
2021
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D128
===== PAGE 131 =====
 R D DIXIT
 Managing Director
DIN : 00626827
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
Place :   Kolhapurth
Date  :  12  May, 2022
Rahulprasad Agnihotri
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN:-                                          22111576AIVGMG5415
 
 NITIN MENON 
 Executive Chairman
DIN : 00692754  
For M/s.A R N A & Associates.                                                          
Chartered Accountants                                                          
As per our report of even date attached 
 ARUN ARADHYE
Whole Time Diector & CFO
DIN : 03052587
 NEHA HAROLIKAR
Company Secretary
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
130
4)  The Company has not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
5)  There are no such immovable properties which are not held in the name of the Company except lease hold land from 
MIDC.
6) The Company has not been declared wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government or any 
government authority.
7)  The Company has not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (intermediaries) with the understanding that the intermediary shall:
     a)  Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf   
          of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
      b)  Provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
8)  The Company has not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (funding party) 
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall:
     a)  Directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf  
          of the funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or
      b)  Provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
9)  The Company has not any such transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or 
survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
Note No. 35:
    The code of Social Security, 2020 (code) relating to employee benefits during employment and post-employment 
received Presidential assent in September, 2020 and its effective date is yet to be notified. The Company will assess 
and record the impact of the Code, once it is effective.
Note No. 36:
     Previous year's figures have been regrouped/reclassified wherever necessary to correspond with the current year's 
classification disclosure.
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 129
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 1 - 2 0 2 2
===== PAGE 132 =====
