
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
10th July 2026 
 
To,      To, 
The Manager     The Manager - Listing 
Department of Corporate Services   National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
BSE Limited     Exchange Plaza, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,   Bandra Kurla Complex                      
Dalal Street, Fort,     Bandra (East),                                                    
Mumbai - 400 001    Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code: 523828    Symbol: MENONBE 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am,  
 
Sub: Submission of copy of Annual Report along with the Notice of the 35th Annual General Meeting of Menon 
Bearings Limited pursuant to Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III and Regulation 34(1) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “Listing Regulations ”), we submit herewith copy of the Annual 
Report, for the Financial Year 2025-26 along with the Notice of 35th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company. 
 
The 35th Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) of Menon Bearings Limited (‘Company’) will be held on Thursday, 6th August 
2026 at 11:00 A.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing ( “VC”) or Other Audio Visual Means ( “OVAM”) without physical 
presence of the members of the Company at a common venue  in compliance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder  and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), read with the circulars issued in 
this regard from time to time, the latest being 03/2025 dated 22 nd September, 2025 issued by the Ministry of 
Corporate Affairs (MCA). 
 
The Annual Report for the FY 2025-26 along with the  Notice of 35th AGM is being sent to all the Members of the 
Company whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company / Registrar and Transfer Agent (‘RTA’) / Depository 
Participant(s) (“DPs”). The same is also uploa ded on the Company’s website at https://menonbearings.in/financial-
information and on t he website of the RTA of the Company viz. MUFG Intime India Private Limited i.e. at 
www.instavote.linkintime.co.in. 
 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, the Company is also sending a 
letter to those shareholders whose email addresses are not registered with the Company/RTA/Depositories, providing 
the web links along with exact path from where the said Annual Report and the Notice convening the 35th AGM can be 
accessed on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the above on your record. 
 
 
Thanks and Regards, 
 
for MENON BEARINGS LIMITED 
 
 
Siddheshwar Kadane  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.:A72775 
Encl.: A/a 
===== PAGE 2 =====

===== PAGE 3 =====
Contents
STATUTORY REPORTS
 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  02
 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  05
 
.  .  .  .  .  .   .  .  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 26
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 44
 .  .  .  .  .   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  54
  .  .  .  .  .  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 61
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 88
  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 97
 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  . .  .  .  .  . .  .  . 98
 .  .  .  .  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 99
  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  . 101
Board of Directors
th
Notice of 35  Annual General Meeting 
    
Board of Directors’ Report
  Secretarial Audit Report 
Management Discussion & Analysis   
Report on Corporate Governance 
Auditors’ Report 
Balance Sheet 
Statement of Profit & Loss 
Cash Flow Statement 
Notes to Financial Statements
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Auditors’ Report 
Balance Sheet 
Statement of Profit & Loss 
Cash Flow Statement 
Notes to Financial Statements
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .128
  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . . 134
 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  . .  .  .  . . .  .  . 135
  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  .  .  .  .  .  . 136
  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 138
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 1
===== PAGE 4 =====
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D2
Board of
Directors
 AUDITORSSTATUTORY
M/s. A R N A & ASSOCIATES
Chartered Accountants, Kolhapur.
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS 
M/s. M BALDEVA ASSOCIATES,
Company Secretaries, Mumbai 
BANKERS :
HDFC BANK LTD
Kolhapur.
REGISTRAR AND SHARE 
TRANSFER AGENTS :
 MUFG INTIME INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
  C-101, 247 Park, L.B.S. Marg,  
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083
  Phone : (022) 49186000, 49186270
Fax : (022) 49186060
  Email : rnt.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
REGISTERED OFFICE :
 
 : 
th
CHANDRAKANT GHATGE Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. 4  March, 2026)   
G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur- 416 234,Maharashtra, India. Tel: 0231-2672 279 / 533 / 487, Fax: 0231-2672 278
              Email: admin@menonbearings.in, Website : www.menonbearings.in
Managing Director
rd
(Upto 3  March, 2026)
ARUN ARADHYE
R. D. DIXIT
Managing Director
th
(w.e.f. 4  March, 2026)
Executive ChairmanNITIN MENON
M. L. SHINDE     
Independent Director
st
(Upto 1  October, 2025) 
KAILASH A. NEVAGI Independent Director
Independent DirectorDR. SANTOSH PRABHU
Independent Director
st
 (w.e.f. 1  October, 2025)NANDAN BORGALKAR    
Additional Director
th
 (w.e.f. 14  May, 2026)     DR. RAJENDRA SONKAWADE
 
SIDDHESHWAR KADANE : Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
===== PAGE 5 =====
Dear Shareholders,
th st
It is our privilege to present the 35  Annual Report of the Company for the financial year ended 31   March, 
2026.
In fiscal year 2025–26, the Indian Auto Component Industry continued to demonstrate strong resilience and 
growth momentum, supported by rising domestic demand, increasing exports, policy support for 
manufacturing, and growing investments in the automotive and industrial sectors. The industry benefited from 
continued infrastructure development, premiumization trends, and higher localization by global OEMs, 
strengthening India’s position as a preferred global manufacturing hub.
Against this encouraging backdrop, Menon Bearings Limited delivered its highest-ever financial performance 
during FY 2025–26. On a consolidated basis, the Company achieved Revenue from Operations of Rs. 293.81 
Crores, registering a growth of 22.79% over the previous year. EBITDA stood at Rs. 65.20 Crores with an 
EBITDA Margin of 25.31%, while Profit After Tax increased significantly to Rs. 38.25 Crores, reflecting a growth 
of 53.41% year-on-year. The Company also recorded its highest-ever quarterly revenue, EBITDA, and PAT 
during Q4 FY26.
Our continued success is driven by our focus on high-precision engineering products, operational excellence, 
strong customer relationships, and disciplined capital allocation. We remain committed to delivering superior 
quality products while consistently enhancing productivity, technology adoption, and cost efficiencies.
This year, we made significant headway in strengthening our internal competencies. From continuous 
improvement in technologies and enhancing quality control mechanisms to optimizing processes and 
launching new, forward-looking product lines, each initiative has played a pivotal role in accelerating our 
innovation-led growth.
The Bi-Metal Division continued to strengthen its market position with increasing exports and domestic orders 
for larger diameter bearings, bushes, and thrust washers. We successfully developed and tested multiple high-
value components for key customers, with substantial opportunities expected in both domestic and export 
markets.
Our Wholly owned subsidiary Menon Alkop Limited continued to expand its footprint in aluminium die casting 
and machining solutions. The division is witnessing growing opportunities in export markets and the EV 
segment. 
Our Wholly owned subsidiary Menon Brakes Limited achieved strong growth supported by increased 
penetration in domestic aftermarket and export markets. The Company’s eco-friendly, asbestos-free brake 
linings continue to gain acceptance due to their superior performance and environmental benefits. We are also 
progressing towards railway approvals with dynamometer installations underway.
Major highlight of the year was the commissioning and expansion of our advanced manufacturing 
capacities:
The annual production capacity of Bi-Metal bearings increased from 486 lakh units to 580 lakh units, 
registering a growth of 19%.
Braking Systems capacity expanded significantly from 18 lakh pieces to 30 lakh pieces annually.
MANAGEMENT NOTE 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 3
===== PAGE 6 =====
4
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D4
Additional investments were undertaken for aluminium machining capacity expansion in Alkop.
These strategic capex initiatives position the Company strongly for future growth while enhancing operational 
scalability and efficiency.
The Company also continued to strengthen its sustainability initiatives during the year. We invested 
significantly in renewable and energy-efficient technologies including:
> Rooftop Solar Power System with 3,870 kWp capacity
> Energy-efficient motors
> LED lighting systems
> Electrically operated holding furnaces
> Advanced boiler systems with pre-heat chambers
These initiatives will contribute towards long-term cost optimization, lower emissions, and enhanced 
environmental sustainability.
Exports remained a key growth driver during FY26, contributing nearly 35% of revenue. The Company 
continues to strengthen its global presence including the USA, Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Asia. We are 
actively exploring new export opportunities and expect exports to contribute nearly 37% of revenue by FY27.
The Company’s focus on niche, value-added, and high-margin products continues to provide strong 
competitive advantages. Our diversified product portfolio, integrated manufacturing capabilities, strong 
aftermarket network, and long-standing OEM relationships provide a robust platform for sustainable long-term 
growth.
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about the opportunities before us. Our strategic priorities for FY 
2026–27 include:
> Expanding capacities across key divisions
> Increasing exports and strengthening global market presence
> Enhancing product portfolio with high-margin engineered products
> Continuing investments in sustainability and advanced manufacturing technologies
We firmly believe that our strong engineering capabilities, customer-centric approach, and long-term vision will 
continue to create value for all stakeholders.
We would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to our customers, shareholders, suppliers, bankers, business 
associates, and employees for their continued trust, support, and commitment.
We also sincerely thank the Board of Directors for their guidance, strategic vision, and unwavering support. 
With confidence, determination, and a clear strategic roadmap, we look forward to achieving new milestones in 
the years ahead.
Thank you once again.  
Warm regards,  
On behalf of the Board of Directors
  
Menon Bearings Ltd.
===== PAGE 7 =====
th
Notice is hereby given that the 35  (Thirty Fifth) Annual General Meeting of Menon Bearings Limited (CIN: 
th
L29130PN1991PLC062352) (“Company”) will be held on Thursday, 6  August, 2026 at 11.00 A.M. IST, 
through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”) without physical presence of the 
Members at a common venue, to transact the businesses mentioned below:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To receive, consider and adopt (a) the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the 
st
financial year ended 31  March, 2026 along with the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon; 
st
and (b) the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31  
March, 2026 along with the report of the Auditors thereon and, in this regard, if thought fit, pass the following 
resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions:
a) “RESOLVED THAT the Audited Standalone Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year 
st
ended 31  March, 2026 along with the reports of the Board of Directors and Auditors thereon be and are 
hereby received, considered and adopted.”
b) “RESOLVED THAT the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year 
st
ended 31  March, 2026 along with the report of the Auditors thereon be and are hereby received, 
considered and adopted.”
st
2. To take note of interim dividend paid for the financial year ended 31  March, 2026 and in this regard, if 
thought fit, pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT the interim dividend of Rs. 2/- (200%) per Equity Share on 5,60,40,000 Equity Shares 
th
having face value of Re. 1/- each declared on 25  July, 2025 and accordingly paid to the shareholders of the 
st
Company for the financial year ended 31  March, 2026, be and is hereby noted.”
3. To appoint a director in place of Mr. Nitin Menon (DIN: 00692754), who retires by rotation and being 
eligible, offers himself for re-appointment as Director, and in this regard, if thought fit, pass the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Nitin 
Menon (DIN: 00692754), Director of the Company, who retired by rotation and being eligible, had offered 
himself for re-appointment, be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the Company, who shall be liable 
to retire by rotation.”
th 
of 35 Annual General Meeting
Notice
MENON BEARINGS LIMITED
Regd. Office: G-1,MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur 416234
              Tel: 0231-2672 279/533/487, Fax: 0231-2672 278
              Email: admin@menonbearings.in, Website : www.menonbearings.in
CIN - L29130PN1991PLC062352
5M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 5
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
===== PAGE 8 =====
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D6
SPECIAL BUSINESS:
4. To consider and ratify remuneration payable to Cost Auditors of the Company and in this regard, if thought 
fit, pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148(3) and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies (Audit & Auditors) Rules, 2014 read with the Companies (Cost 
Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, the remuneration 
of Rs. 75,000/- (Rupees Seventy  Five Thousand only) plus taxes as applicable and out of pocket expenses, 
on actuals, payable to M/s. A.G. Anikhindi & Co, Cost Accountants, Kolhapur (FRN: 100049), Cost Auditors 
of the Company, who are appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company upon recommendation of the 
Audit Committee, to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company pertaining to manufacturing of 
Aluminum products, Bi-metallic products and tractors and other motor vehicles (including automotive 
st
components) of the Company for the financial year ending 31  March, 2027, be and is hereby ratified.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do all 
such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”
5. To appoint Mr. Rajendra Girjappa Sonkawade (DIN: 11713166) as a Non Executive Non Independent 
Director of the Company and in this regard, if thought fit, pass the following resolution as an Ordinary 
Resolution:
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 149, 150 and 152, 160 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) read with the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of 
Directors) Rules, 2014 and Regulations 17, 25 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and in accordance 
with the enabling provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Rajendra Girjappa 
Sonkawade (DIN: 11713166), who was appointed as an Additional Director of the Company by the Board of 
th
Directors at its meeting held on 14  May, 2026 and who holds office up to the date of this Annual General 
Meeting pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 of the Act, who being eligible for appointment as a Non 
Executive Director, in respect of whom the Company has received a notice in writing from a member as 
required under Section 160(1) of the Act proposing his candidature for the office of Director, be and is hereby 
appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation.
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to do 
all such acts, deeds, matters and things as may be necessary to give effect to the above resolution.”
By order of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00692754
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
th
: 14  May 2026
===== PAGE 9 =====
Notes:
1.     The Statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) in respect of special 
business is annexed hereto and forms part of this notice. The Board of Directors of the Company has 
considered and decided to include Item Nos. 4 and 5 given above as Special Business in the forthcoming 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) as they are unavoidable in nature. Brief resume of directors proposed to be 
th
appointed / reappointed at the ensuing 35  AGM in terms of Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) and Secretarial Standard – 2 on 
General Meetings (“SS-2”) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“ICSI”) is annexed to the 
Notice.
nd
2.   The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) has, vide its General Circular No. 3/2025 dated 22  September, 2025 
and in accordance with the requirements laid down in previous circulars issued by the MCA from time to time in 
this regard (“MCA Circulars”), permitted companies to hold its general meetings through Video Conferencing 
(“VC”) / Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”), without physical presence of the members at a common venue. In 
th
compliance with applicable provisions of the Act and MCA circulars, the 35  Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of 
the Company will be conducted through VC / OAVM without physical presence of the members at a common 
venue. The Company has engaged services of MUFG Intime India Private Limited (“MUFG Intime”) (formerly 
known as Link Intime India Private Limited) for conducting of the AGM and facilitating voting through electronic 
means i.e. remote e-voting and e-voting during the AGM.
3.    Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint a 
proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf and the proxy need not be a member of the Company. However, since 
th
this 35  AGM is being convened through VC / OAVM, pursuant to the said MCA circulars, physical attendance of 
members has been dispensed with. Further, in terms of provisions of Regulation 44(4) of the Listing 
Regulations, requirement to send proxy forms is not be applicable to general meetings held through electronic 
th
mode. Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies by the members will not be available for this 35  AGM 
and hence the Proxy Form, Attendance Slip and Route Map are not annexed to this Notice.
th
4.    In compliance with the aforesaid MCA Circulars, Notice of the 35  AGM is being sent only through electronic 
mode to those members whose email addresses are registered with the Company / Depositories. The members 
may note that the Notice and Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26 will also be available on the 
Company’s website viz.https://www.menonbearings.in, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited viz. www.bseindia.com and www.nseindia.com respectively and on 
the website of RTA viz.https://instavote.linkintime.co.in           
5.     As required under Regulation 36(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, a letter, providing web-link, including the exact 
path, where complete details of Annual Report will be available, is being sent to the members through post / 
courier who have not registered their email addresses with the RTA / Company / Depository Participants (‘DPs’).
th
6.    In accordance with the SS-2 read with Guidance / Clarification dated 15  April, 2020 issued by the ICSI, the 
th
proceedings of the 35  AGM shall be deemed to be conducted at the Registered Office of the Company situated 
at G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur - 416234, Maharashtra, India. The members are requested to attend 
th
the 35  AGM from their respective locations through VC / OAVM and do not visit the Registered Office to attend 
the AGM.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 7
===== PAGE 10 =====
7.     In pursuance of Sections 112 and 113 of the Act, representatives of the members such as the President  of India 
th
or the Governor of a State or body corporate can attend the 35  AGM through VC / OAVM and cast their vote 
through e-voting.
8.   Institutional / Corporate members intending to represent through their authorised representatives in the AGM 
through VC / OAVM and to vote through remote e-voting or vote at the AGM are requested to send to the 
Company, a certified copy of the Board Resolution passed in pursuant to the provisions of Section 113 of the Act, 
authorising their representative, at its registered office of the Company by post / hand delivery or through email 
at designated e-mail address of the Company i.e. admin@menonbearings.in or at the Scrutinizer's email 
address i.e. manish@csmanishb.in.    
9.   In case of joint holders attending the meeting, only such joint holder who is higher in order of names will be 
entitled to vote.
10.   The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 
of the Act and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the directors are interested maintained under 
th
Section 189 of the Act and all documents referred to in the notice of 35  AGM will be available online for 
inspection by the members on request by sending an e-mail to the Company at admin@menonbearings.in.
rd
11.   The SEBI vide its Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated 23  June, 2025 read 
with all previous circulars issued by the SEBI from time to time with regard to common and simplified norms for 
processing investor's service requests and for furnishing PAN, KYC details and Nomination, the shareholders 
holding shares in physical mode and whose folios are not updated with any of the KYC details viz. (i) PAN (ii) 
Choice of Nomination (iii) Contact Details (Address with PIN code) (iv) Mobile Number (v) Bank Account Details 
and (vi) Signature, are mandatorily required to update the same with the Company / RTA  of the Company or 
Depository Participants of respective shareholders.  The shareholders whose folio(s) do not have PAN, Choice 
of Nomination, Contact Details, Bank Account Details and Specimen Signature updated, shall be eligible to 
lodge grievance or avail any service request from the RTA  only  after furnishing PAN, KYC details and 
Nomination and for any payment including dividend, interest or redemption payment in respect of such folios, 
st
only through electronic mode only, with effect from 1  April, 2024.
Further, relevant FAQs published by SEBI on its website can be viewed at the following link: 
https://nsdl.co.in/downloadables/pdf/10_Circular-SEBI_Circular_dated_March_16_2023.pdf
The forms for updation of PAN, KYC, Bank details and Nomination viz. Forms ISR-1, ISR-2, ISR-3, SH-13 and 
the relevant SEBI Circulars are also available on Company's website at https://www.menonbearings.in. In 
accordance with the aforementioned SEBI Master Circular read with all other circulars issued from time to time 
rd
in this regard and SEBI directive vide e-mail to RTAs on 23  January, 2024, the Company has sent 
communication to members holding shares in physical mode and whose folios are incomplete with respect to 
PAN, Address with PIN code, Mobile Number, Bank Account details, Specimen Signature and Nomination of 
holders of physical securities requesting them to update such details.  Members who hold shares in 
dematerialised form and wish to update their PAN, KYC, Bank and Nomination details are requested to contact 
their respective DPs.
As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act and aforesaid SEBI Circulars, the facility for making nomination is 
available for the members in respect of the shares held by them. The members who have not yet registered their 
nomination are requested to register the same by submitting Form No. SH-13. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D8
===== PAGE 11 =====
      If a member desires to opt out or cancel the earlier nomination and record a fresh nomination, he / she may 
submit the same in Form ISR-3 or Form SH-14, as the case may be. The said forms can be downloaded from 
the Company's website.  The members are requested to submit these details to their DPs, in case the shares 
are held in electronic form, and to the Company's RTA, in case the shares are held in physical form.
12.  The members holding shares in physical form are requested to notify any change in their address or bank details 
to the Company / RTA quoting their Folio Number. The members holding shares in the demat form are 
requested to update such details with their respective Depository Participants.
13.  To comply with the provisions of Section 88 of the Act read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rule 2014, the members are requested to submit their e-mail ID and other details vide e-mail 
updation form available on Company's website viz. https://www.menonbearings.in The same can be done by 
filling up and signing at the appropriate place in the said form and sending the same to the Company's RTA. The 
e-mail ID provided shall be updated, subject to successful verification of your signatures as per records 
available with the Company's RTA.
14.  Members may note that dividend income on equity shares is taxable in the hands of shareholders and the 
Company is required to deduct tax at source from dividend paid to shareholders at the prescribed rates in 
accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 2025 (“IT Act”) read with amendments thereof. The 
Company shall therefore be required to deduct tax at source ("TDS") at the time of making the payment of 
dividend. In order to enable us to determine the appropriate TDS rate as applicable, the members are 
requested to submit Form 121 or any other documents as applicable, if any, in accordance with the provisions of 
the IT Act.
For resident shareholders, taxes shall be deducted at source under Section 393(1) of the IT Act as follows:
 However, no TDS shall be deducted on the dividend payable to a resident individual if total dividend paid or likely 
to be paid to the resident individual shareholder during Financial Year 2026-27 does not exceed Rs. 10,000/- 
and also in cases where individual resident shareholders have provided Form 121 under Section 393(6) of the 
IT Act read with Rule 211 of Income Tax Rules, 2026. Resident shareholders may also submit Lower/ Nil 
withholding certificate under Section 395(1) of the I.T Act and meets all the required eligibility conditions.
In case of Foreign Institutional Investors / Foreign Portfolio Investors, tax will be deducted under Section 
393(2)[Sl. No. 15] of the IT Act @ 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess).
 For non-resident shareholders, taxes are required to be deducted in accordance with the provisions of Section 
393(2) of the IT Act, at the rates in force. As per the relevant provisions of the IT Act, the tax shall be deducted at 
the rate of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) on the amount of dividend payable to them. 
Shareholders having valid PAN
Shareholders not having PAN / Invalid PAN
10% or such rate as may be notified by the 
Government of India
20% or such rate as may be notified by the 
Government of India
Particulars Rate of TDS
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 9
===== PAGE 12 =====
  No tax shall be deducted on the dividend payable to a non-resident shareholder if the shareholder submits Nil  
withholding certificate and meets all the required eligibility conditions. 
  FII / FPI and the non-resident shareholders have the option to be governed by the provisions of the Double Tax 
Avoidance Agreement (“DTAA”) between India and the country of tax residence of the shareholder, if they are 
more beneficial to them.
 To avail benefit of rate of deduction of tax at source under DTAA, such FII/ FPI and the non-resident  
shareholders will have to provide the following:
·    Copy of the Permanent Account Number (PAN) card allotted by the Indian Income-tax Department, duly self- attested by the shareholder/member, or furnishing of such particulars as may be prescribed under the 
applicable provisions corresponding to Rule 217 of the Income-tax Rules 2026, as amended from time to 
time. 
·      Copy of a valid Tax Residency Certificate (TRC) for Financial Year 2026–27, obtained from the tax/revenue 
authorities of the country of residence of the non-resident shareholder/member, duly self-attested. 
·   Self-declaration in Form 41, duly completed and signed by the non-resident shareholder/member in 
accordance with the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 2025 and the rules made thereunder. 
·   Self-declaration from the non-resident shareholder confirming that it does not have a Permanent 
Establishment (PE) / business connection in India in terms of the applicable Double Taxation Avoidance 
Agreement (DTAA) and the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 2025. 
·     Self-declaration from the non-resident shareholder confirming that it is the beneficial owner of the income 
proposed to be received from the Company under the applicable provisions of the Income-tax Act, 2025 
and the relevant DTAA. 
·      Such other documents, declarations, certificates, or information as may be prescribed under the Income-tax 
Act, 2025 and the rules made thereunder for availing lower or nil withholding tax benefit, wherever 
applicable, duly self-attested by the shareholder/member.
·      In case of Foreign Institutional Investors (“FIIs”) / Foreign Portfolio Investors (“FPIs”) submission of copy of 
SEBI registration certificate.
The aforementioned documents are required to be submitted by sending email at admin@menonbearings.in   
th
upto 23.59 hrs. IST on 30  July, 2026.
15.   As per Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations, as amended, the request for transfer of securities shall not be 
processed unless the securities are held in dematerialised form. Further the request for transmission or 
transposition of securities held in physical or dematerialised form shall be affected only in dematerialised form. 
Hence members who hold shares in physical form are requested to dematerialize their shares, so they can 
transfer their shares in future, if so desire. However, members can continue to hold shares in physical form.
Further, in order to facilitate ease of investing for investors and to secure the rights of investors in the securities 
th
purchased by them, the SEBI, vide its Circular No. HO/38/13/11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 dated 30  
January, 2026, has opened another Special Window for re-lodgement of 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D10
===== PAGE 13 =====
transfer deeds of physical securities and dematerialisation (demat) of physical securities which were 
st
sold/purchased prior to 1  April, 2019.
The SEBI has mandated listed entities to open another Special Window only for re-lodgement of transfer deeds 
st
which were lodged prior to the deadline of 1  April, 2019 and were rejected / returned / not attended to due to 
th th
deficiency in documents, process, or otherwise, for a period of one year from 5  February, 2026 to 4  February, 
2027.
The investors / shareholders are requested to avail this opportunity.
th
16.  The cut-off date for the purpose of determining eligibility of members for e-voting in connection with the 35  
th
AGM has been fixed as Thursday, 30  July, 2026 (“Cut-off date”).
th
17.  The members can join the 35  AGM through VC / OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled 
time of the commencement of the meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of 
th
participation at the 35  AGM through VC / OAVM will be made available to 1000 members on first come first 
serve basis; however this limit does not include large shareholders (shareholders holding 2% or more 
shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the 
Audit Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, 
Auditors etc., who are allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on account of first come first serve basis.
 
th
18.  The attendance of the members attending the 35  AGM through VC / OAVM will be counted for the purpose 
of ascertaining the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.
19. Non-Resident Indian members are requested to inform to the Company’s RTA of any change in their 
residential status on return to India for permanent settlement, their bank account maintained in India with 
complete name, branch, account type, account number and address of the bank with pin code, if the details are 
not furnished earlier.
20. Members holding shares in identical order of names in more than one folio are requested to write to the 
Company / RTA enclosing their share certificates to enable the Company to consolidate their holdings in one 
folio for better services.
21.  The members are requested to forward their all communications to the Company’s RTA and are further 
requested to always quote their Folio Number / DPID-Client ID in all correspondence with the Company / RTA.
22.  The shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.  
th
23. The SEBI vide Gazette Notification no. SEBI/LADNRO/GN/2022/66 dated 24  January, 2022 read with 
rd
Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 dated 23  June, 2025 has simplified the 
procedure and standardized the format of documents for transmission of securities; henceforth while 
processing certain prescribed service request(s) such as issue of duplicate share certificate, claim from 
Unclaimed Suspense Account, renewal / exchange of share certificates, endorsement, sub-division / splitting of 
share certificates, consolidation of share certificates / folios, transmission, and / or transposition received from 
the shareholder / claimant, the Company shall issue securities in dematerialized form only. Upon receipt of 
service request(s) from shareholder/claimant (in prescribed form ISR-4), the RTA of the Company shall verify 
and process the said request. After removing objections, if any, the RTA will intimate the shareholder / claimant 
about its execution / 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 11
===== PAGE 14 =====
       issuance of new certificate as may be applicable. The RTA shall retain the physical Share Certificate with them 
and shall issue ‘Letter of Confirmation’ to the shareholder / claimant in lieu of physical share certificate(s). The 
shareholder / claimant shall lodge request for dematerialization of shares along with the original Letter of 
Confirmation received from the RTA within 120 (One Hundred Twenty) days of issue of the Letter of Confirmation 
to his Depository Participant (DP). In case the shareholder / claimant fails to submit the demat request within the 
aforesaid period, the Company shall credit such shares to the Suspense Escrow Demat Account of the 
Company opened for the said purpose.  
th
24 .  The SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated 30  May, 2022, Master 
st
Circular No.  SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated 31  July, 2023, as updated from time to time, 
read with all other circulars issued earlier in this regard, provided an option for arbitration as a Dispute 
Resolution Mechanism for investors. As per the said circulars, investors can opt for arbitration with the Stock 
Exchanges in case of any dispute against the Company or its RTA on delay or default in processing any investor 
service related request. Further, a common Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) is established for 
resolution of disputes arising in the Indian Securities Market. Pursuant to above-mentioned circulars, post 
exhausting the option to resolve investors’ grievances with the RTA / Company directly and through existing 
SCORES platform, the investors can initiate dispute resolution through the ODR Portal 
(https://smartodr.in/login) and the same can also be accessed through the Company’s website 
https://menonbearings.in/investors-contact   
25.  The Company has transferred the unpaid or unclaimed dividend declared upto financial years 2017-18, from 
time to time, to the Investor Education and Protection Fund ("IEPF") established by the Central Government. 
The unclaimed dividend in respect of the financial year ended 2018-19 is due for transfer to the IEPF Authority in 
month of October, 2026. The shareholders whose dividend remained unclaimed for the financial year 2018-19 
and for subsequent financial years are requested to claim it immediately from the Company. The Company has 
st
uploaded the details of unpaid and unclaimed dividend amounts lying with the Company as on 31  March, 2026 
under “Investor Relations” section on the website of the Company viz.https://menonbearings.in/  the said details 
can also be accessed on the website of MCA viz.www.mca.gov.in and on the website of IEPF 
viz.www.iepf.gov.in Attention of the members is drawn to the provisions of Section 124(6) of the Act, which 
requires a company to transfer, in the name of the IEPF Authority, all shares in respect of which dividend has not 
been paid or claimed for 7 (seven) consecutive years or more. 
      In accordance with the aforesaid provisions of Section 124(6) of the Act read with the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, as amended, the Company 
has transferred 31,971 equity shares in respect of which dividend declared for the financial year 2018-19 or 
earlier financial years remained unpaid or unclaimed by the members for 7 (seven) consecutive years or more to 
the DEMAT account of IEPF Authority via corporate actions through Depositories. 
     A member desirous to claim back his / her shares from the IEPF Authority can do so by following prescribed 
procedure under the said Rules. The aforesaid details are available on the website of the Company 
viz.https://menonbearings.in/ and have also been uploaded on the website of MCA www.mca.gov.in  and on the 
website of IEPF viz.www.iepf.gov.in. 
     Further, the Company has initiated necessary action for transfer of all shares to the Demat account of IEPF 
Authority in respect of which dividend declared for the financial year 2018-19 and thereafter, has remained 
unpaid or unclaimed by the members for 7 (seven) consecutive years or more.
th
26.   The SEBI vide its Circular No. HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3763/2026 dated 30  January, 2026, in order to 
simplify the process for credit of securities pursuant to investor service requests such as 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D12
===== PAGE 15 =====
       issuance of duplicate securities certificates, transmission, transposition, claim from unclaimed suspense account 
and corporate actions by reducing the timelines, risk of loss and pilferage, has decided to do away with the 
nd
requirement of issuance of Letter of Confirmation (“LOC”) w.e.f. 2  April, 2026 and has directed the Depositories 
to develop a process/system to enable RTAs/listed companies to credit the securities directly to the demat 
nd
account of the investor after necessary due-diligence by RTAs/listed companies. Any LOC issued before 2  
April, 2026 may be submitted by the investors to DP for dematerialisation within the specified timeline i.e. 120 
days from the date of issuance of LOC.
      Further, the securities holder/claimant shall submit duly filled up Form ISR-4 along with the documents/details 
specified there. The investor service request shall be accompanied with a copy of the latest Client Master List 
(“CML”) of the demat account and such CML shall not be older than two months and shall be duly attested by the 
Depository Participant (“DP”). The RTA/Issuer Company shall verify and process the service requests and 
thereafter will credit securities directly in the demat account of the securities holder/claimant, within 30 days of its 
receipt of such request after removing objections, if any.
27.  In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and SS-2, the Company is pleased to 
provide e-voting facility to its members to exercise their right to vote electronically on the resolutions mentioned 
th th
in the notice of 35  AGM dated 14  May, 2026.  The members may cast their vote using electronic voting system 
from a place other than the venue of the meeting (“remote e-voting”). 
(a)   The facility of casting the vote by the members/ shareholders using an electronic voting system from a place other 
than venue of the AGM (“remote e-voting”) and e-voting during the meeting will be provided by MUFG Intime. 
(b)   A person whose name is recorded in the Register of Members / List of Beneficial Owners as on the cut-off date i.e. 
th
Thursday, 30  July, 2026 only shall be entitled to avail the facility of “remote e-voting” or e-voting during the AGM.
nd th
(c)   The “remote e-voting” period will commence on Sunday, 2 August, 2026 (9.00 A.M.) and end on Wednesday, 5  
August, 2026 (5.00 P.M.). During this period, members / shareholders of the Company, holding shares either in 
physical form or in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date, may cast their vote by “remote e-voting”. The 
“remote e-voting” module shall be disabled by MUFG Intime for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is 
cast by a member, the member shall not be allowed to change it subsequently.
(d)   The voting rights of members / shareholders shall be in proportion to their share of the paid up equity share capital 
of the Company as on the cut-off date.
       Any person who becomes a member of the Company after dispatch of the Notice of meeting and holding shares 
as on the cut-off date may obtain the User ID and password by sending request at enotices@linkintime.co.in. If 
you forgot your password, you can reset your password by following the process as provided in the e-voting 
th
instructions process provided with the 35  AGM notice. 
(e)  The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed CS Manish Baldeva, Proprietor M/s. M Baldeva 
Associates, Company Secretaries, Mumbai (FCS No.: 6180/CP No.: 11062) as Scrutinizer to scrutinize the 
th
voting through remote e-voting process and e-voting during the 35  AGM in a fair and transparent manner.  The 
Scrutinizer shall, within 2 working days from  the conclusion of the AGM, prepare a consolidated scrutinizer’s 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 13
===== PAGE 16 =====
     report onthe votes cast in favour or against, if any, and forthwith the same to the Chairman of the meeting or a 
person authorized by him who shall countersign the same and declare the result of the voting.
(f) The result declared along with the report of the Scrutinizer shall be placed on the website of the Company viz. 
https://menonbearings.in/and on the website of MUFG Intime viz. https://www.instavote.linkintime.co.in 
immediately after the declaration of result by the Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing. The results 
will be communicated simultaneously to the stock exchanges also.
(g) Subject to receipt of requisite number of votes in favour, the resolutions shall be deemed to be passed on the 
date of the 35 AGM i.e. Thursday, 6  August, 2026.
th th
th
Instructions for e-voting and joining the 35  AGM are as follows:
A. VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS:
a. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108 of the Act read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014, Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standards on 
General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI, the Company is pleased to provide e-voting facility to its members 
to cast their votes electronically on the resolutions mentioned in the Notice of the 35  AGM of the Company 
th
dated 14  May, 2026. The members may cast their votes using an electronic voting system from a place other 
th
than the venue of the meeting ('remote e-voting').
b. A person, whose name is recorded in the Register of Members or in the List of Beneficial Owners maintained by 
the depositories as on the cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting or e-voting 
during the AGM.
nd th
c. The remote e-voting period shall commence on Sunday, 2 August, 2026 (9.00 A.M.) and end on Wednesday, 5  
August, 2026 (5.00 P.M.). During this period, members of the Company holding shares either in physical form or 
th
in dematerialized form, as on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 30 July, 2026 may cast their vote electronically. The 
remote e-voting module shall be disabled by MUFG Intime India Private Limited for voting thereafter. Once the 
vote on a resolution is cast by a shareholder, the shareholder shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. 
Those members, who are present in the AGM through VC / OAVM facility and have not cast their vote on the 
Resolutions through remote e-voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote 
th
through e-voting system during the 35  AGM.
d. The voting rights of the shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid up equity share capital of the 
th
Company as on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 30 July, 2026.  Any person, who acquires shares of the Company 
and becomes a member of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date, 
may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at enotices@in.mps.mufg.com.  
e. The members who have cast their vote by remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend / participate in the 
AGM through VC / OAVM but shall not be entitled to cast their vote again.
f. The Board of Directors of the Company has appointed CS Manish Baldeva (FCS 6180 / CP No. 11062),    
Proprietor of M/s. M Baldeva Associates, Company Secretaries, Thane) as Scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting 
process  i.e. remote e-voting and e-voting during the 35  AGM in a fair and transparent manner. The Scrutinizer 
th
shall, within 2 working days of the conclusion of the AGM, issue a consolidated Scrutinizer's Report of the total 
votes cast in favour or against, if any, and forthwith the same to the Chairman or a person authorised by him in 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D14
===== PAGE 17 =====
writing, who shall countersign the same and declare the result of the voting.
g.  The result declared along with the Consolidated Scrutinizer's Report shall be placed on the website of the Company 
v i z . w w w. m e n o n b e a r i n g s . i n  a n d  o n  t h e  w e b s i t e  o f  M U F G  I n t i m e  I n d i a  P r i v a t e  L i m i t e d 
viz.https://instavote.linkintime.co.in immediately. The Company shall simultaneously communicate the result to 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited and BSE Ltd., where the shares of the Company are listed.
h.  Subject to receipt of requisite number of votes in favour, the resolutions shall be deemed to be passed on the date of 
th
the meeting i.e. Thursday, 6  August, 2026.
B. REMOTE E-VOTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS
 In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/0155 dated November 11, 2024, Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and 
Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id correctly in their demat accounts to access remote 
e-Voting facility. 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL
METHOD 1 - NSDL OTP based login
a) Visit URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com/secureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp
b) Enter your 8 - character DP ID, 8 - digit Client Id, PAN, Verification code and generate OTP. 
c) Enter the OTP received on your registered email ID/ mobile number and click on login. 
d) Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website wherein you will be able to see 
e-Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services. 
e) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to 
InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period. 
METHOD 2 - NSDL IDeAS facility 
Shareholders registered for IDeAS facility: 
a) Visit URL:https://eservices.nsdl.com and click on “Beneficial Owner” icon under “IDeAS Login Section”.
b) Enter IDeAS User ID, Password, Verification code & click on “Log-in”.
c) Post successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value added services section. Click 
on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services. 
d) Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to 
InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 15
===== PAGE 18 =====
Shareholders not registered for IDeAS facility: 
a)  To register, visit URL:https://eservices.nsdl.com and select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click on 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.Jsp 
b) Enter 8-character DP ID, 8-digit Client ID, Mobile no, Verification code & click on “Submit”.
c) Enter the last 4 digits of your bank account / generate ‘OTP’
d) Post successful registration, user will be provided with Login ID and password. 
e) Follow steps given above in points (a-d). 
 
METHOD 3 - NSDL e-voting website
 
a)    Visit URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com   
b)    Click on the “Login” tab available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
c)   Enter User ID (i.e., your 16-digit demat account no. held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as  
shown on the screen & click on “Login”. 
d)   Post successful authentication, you will be re-directed to NSDL depository website wherein you will be able to see e-
Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services. 
e)  Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to 
InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with CDSL
METHOD 1 - CDSL e-voting page
a) Visit URL:https://www.cdslindia.com. 
b) Go to e-voting tab. 
c) Enter 16-digit Demat Account Number (BO ID) and PAN No. and click on “Submit”.
d) System will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile and Email as recorded in Demat Account 
e) Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The evoting option will have links of e-
voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting 
period.
METHOD 2 - CDSL Easi/ Easiest facility:
Shareholders registered for Easi/ Easiest facility: 
a) Visit URL:https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/Login or Visit URL: 
www.cdslindia.com, click on “Login” and select “My Easi New (Token)”.
b) Enter existing username, Password & click on “Login”.
c) Post successful authentication, user will be able to see e-voting option. The evoting option will have links of e-
voting service providers i.e., MUFG InTime. Click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside 
Company’s Name” and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting 
period.
Shareholders not registered for Easi/ Easiest facility: 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D16
Shareholders/ Members can also download NSDL
Mobile app " NSDL Speede" facility by scanning the 
QR code mentioned below for seamless voting 
experience.
===== PAGE 19 =====
a) To register, visit URL:https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/EasiRegistration/ 
https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasitoken/Home/EasiestRegistration.  
b) Proceed with updating the required fields for registration.
c) Post successful registration, user will be provided username and password on the registered email id. Follow 
steps given above in points (a-c).
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with Depository Participant
Individual shareholders can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your depository 
participant registered with NSDL / CDSL for e-voting facility. 
a) Login to DP website
b) After Successful login, user shall navigate through “e-voting” option.  
c) Click on e-voting option, user will be redirected to NSDL / CDSL Depository website after successful 
authentication, wherein user can see e-voting feature.
d) Post successful authentication, click on “MUFG InTime” or “evoting link displayed alongside Company’s Name” 
and you will be redirected to InstaVote website for casting the vote during the remote e-voting period. 
Login method for shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode.
Shareholders holding shares in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode as on 
the cut-off date for e-voting may register and vote on InstaVote as under:
STEP 1: LOGIN / SIGNUP on InstaVote
Shareholders registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
b) Enter details as under:
A. User ID: Enter User ID
B. Password: Enter existing Password
C. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code
D. Click “Submit”. 
(Home page of e-voting will open. Follow the process given under "Steps to cast vote for Resolutions”)
Shareholders not registered for INSTAVOTE facility:
a) Visit URL:https://instavote.linkintime.co.in & click on “Sign Up” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & register with 
details as under: 
A. User ID: Enter User ID
B. PAN: Enter your 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN) (Shareholders who have not updated their PAN 
with the Depository Participant (DP)/ Company shall use the sequence number provided to you, if applicable.
C. DOB/DOI: Enter the Date of Birth (DOB) / Date of Incorporation (DOI) (As recorded with your DP/Company - in 
DD/MM/YYYY format) 
D. Bank Account Number: Enter your Bank Account Number (last four digits), as recorded with your 
DP/Company. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 17
===== PAGE 20 =====
o Shareholders, holding shares in NSDL form, shall 
provide ‘point 4’ above.
o Shareholders, holding shares in CDSL form, shall 
provide ‘point 3’ or ‘point 4’ above.
o Shareholders, holding shares in physical form but 
have not recorded ‘point 3’ and ‘point 4’, shall provide their Folio number in ‘point 4’ above
E. Set the password of your choice. 
      (The password should contain minimum 8 characters, at least one special Character (!#$&*), at least one 
numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter). 
F. Enter Image Verification (CAPTCHA) Code.
G. Click “Submit” (You have now registered on InstaVote). 
      Post successful registration, click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab & follow steps given above in points 
(a-b).
STEP 2: Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote
A.  Post successful authentication and redirection to InstaVote inbox page, you will be able to see the “Notification  
for e-voting”. 
B.  Select ‘View’ icon. E-voting page will appear. 
C.  Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’ (If you  
wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link). 
D.  After selecting the desired option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. 
E.  A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change your vote, 
click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote. 
NOTE: Shareholders may click on “Vote as per Proxy Advisor’s Recommendation” option and view proxy advisor 
recommendations for each resolution before casting vote. “Vote as per Proxy Advisor’s Recommendation” option 
provides access to expert insights during the e-Voting process. Shareholders may modify their vote before final 
submission.
Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently.
Non-Individual Body corporate shareholders shall send a scanned copy of the board resolution authorising its 
representative to vote, to the scrutinizer at registered email address with a copy marked to RTA at 
enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com and the company at registered email address.
Guidelines for Institutional shareholders (“Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund”)
STEP 1 – Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund Registration
A.     Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in   
B.  Click on “Sign Up” under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” 
C.  Fill up your entity details and submit the form. 
D.  A declaration form and organization ID is generated and sent to the Primary contact person email ID (which is 
filled at the time of sign up). The said form is to be signed by the Authorised Signatory, Director, Company   
Secretary of the entity & stamped and sent to insta.vote@linkintime.co.in.   
E.  Thereafter, Login credentials (User ID; Organisation ID; Password) is sent to Primary contact  person’s email ID. 
(You have now registered on InstaVote)
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D18
===== PAGE 21 =====
STEP 2 – Investor Mapping 
A. Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials. 
B. Click on “Investor Mapping” tab under the Menu section 
C. Map the Investor with the following details: 
1) ‘Investor ID’ – Investor ID for NSDL demat account is 8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID i.e., 
IN00000012345678; Investor ID for CDSL demat account is 16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
2) ‘Investor’s Name - Enter Investor’s Name as updated with DP. 
3) ‘Investor PAN’ - Enter your 10-digit PAN. 
4) ‘Power of Attorney’ - Attach Board resolution or Power of Attorney. 
NOTE: File Name for the Board resolution/ Power of Attorney shall be – DP ID and Client ID or 16 Digit 
Beneficiary ID. 
Further, Custodians and Mutual Funds shall also upload specimen signatures. 
D.   Click on Submit button. (The investor is now mapped with the Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund Entity). 
The same can be viewed under the “Report section”.  
STEP 3 – Steps to cast vote for Resolutions through InstaVote
The corporate shareholder can vote by two methods, during the remote e-voting period. 
METHOD 1 - VOTES ENTRY 
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials.  
b) Click on “Votes Entry” tab under the Menu section. 
c) Enter the “Event No.” for which you want to cast vote. 
  Event No. can be viewed on the home page of InstaVote under “On-going Events”.  
d) Enter “16-digit Demat Account No.”.
e) Refer the Resolution description and cast your vote by selecting your desired option ‘Favour / Against’  (If you 
wish to view the entire Resolution details, click on the ‘View Resolution’ file link). After selecting the desired 
option i.e. Favour / Against, click on ‘Submit’. 
f) A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on ‘Yes’, else to change  your vote, 
click on ‘No’ and accordingly modify your vote. 
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently).
METHOD 2 - VOTES UPLOAD
a) Visit URL: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in and login with InstaVote Login credentials.
b) After successful login, you will see “Notification for e-voting”.   
c) Select “View” icon for “Company’s Name / Event number”. 
d) E-voting page will appear. 
e) Download sample vote file from “Download Sample Vote File” tab. 
f) Cast your vote by selecting your desired option 'Favour / Against' in the sample vote file and upload the same 
under “Upload Vote File” option. 
g) Click on ‘Submit’. ‘Data uploaded successfully’ message will be displayed. 
(Once you cast your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify or change it subsequently).
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 19
===== PAGE 22 =====
NOTE: Non-Individual Body corporate shareholders shall send a scanned copy of the board resolution authorising its 
representative to vote, to the scrutinizer at registered email address with a copy marked to RTA at  
enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com and the company at registered email address.
Helpdesk:
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding
securities in demat mode:
Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode facing 
any technical issue in login may contact INSTAVOTE helpdesk by sending a request at enotices@in.mpms.mufg.com   
or contact on: - Tel: 022 – 4918 6000.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode may contact the respective helpdesk for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e., NSDL and CDSL.
Forgot Password:
Individual shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode:
Individual Shareholders holding securities in physical mode / Non-Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the shareholder can use the “Forgot 
Password” option available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in   
§ Click on “Login” under ‘SHARE HOLDER’ tab.
§ Further Click on “forgot password?” 
§ Enter User ID, select Mode and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA). 
§ Click on “SUBMIT”.
In case Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund has forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both then the 
shareholder can use the “Forgot Password” option available on: https://instavote.linkintime.co.in 
  
§ Click on ‘Login’ under “Custodian / Corporate Body/ Mutual Fund” tab 
§ Further Click on “forgot password?” 
§ Enter User ID, Organization ID and Enter Image Verification code (CAPTCHA). 
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a request at evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at : 
022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800 22 55 33 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D20
===== PAGE 23 =====
In case shareholders have a valid email address, Password will be sent to his / her registered e-mail address. 
Shareholders can set the password of his/her choice by providing information about the particulars of the Security 
Question and Answer, PAN, DOB/DOI etc. The password should contain a minimum of 8 characters, at least one 
special character (!#$&*), at least one numeral, at least one alphabet and at least one capital letter.
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode with NSDL/ CDSL has forgotten the password: 
Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode have forgotten the USER ID [Login ID] or Password or both, 
then the Shareholders are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at above mentioned 
depository/ depository participants website.
General Instructions - Shareholders
v  It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to keep your 
password confidential. 
v  For shareholders/ members holding shares in physical form, the details can be used only for voting on the 
resolutions contained in this Notice.
v  During the voting period, shareholders/ members can login any number of time till they have voted on the 
resolution(s) for a particular “Event”
INSTAMEET VC INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS
In terms of Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) General Circular No. 03/2025 dated 22.09.2025, the companies can 
continue to conduct AGMs by VC or OAVM, as per the existing procedural requirements. Till further orders, the 
relaxations will remain in force.
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id correctly in their demat accounts to access 
InstaMeet facility. 
Login method for shareholders to attend the General Meeting through InstaMeet:
a)   Visit URL: https://instameet.in.mpms.mufg.com & click on “Login”. 
b)   Select the “Company Name” and register with your following details: 
c)   Select Check Box - Demat Account No. / Folio No. / PAN
§   Shareholders holding shares in NSDL/ CDSL demat account shall select check box - Demat Account No. and 
enter the 16-digit demat account number.
§   Shareholders holding shares in physical form shall select check box – Folio No. and enter the Folio Number 
registered with the company.
§  Shareholders shall select check box – PAN and enter 10-digit Permanent Account Number (PAN). Shareholders 
who have not updated their PAN with the Depository Participant (DP)/ Company shall use the sequence number 
provided by MUFG Intime, if applicable.
§    Mobile No: Mobile No. as updated with DP is displayed automatically. Shareholders who have not updated 
their Mobile No with the DP shall enter the mobile no.
§   Email ID: Email Id as updated with DP is displayed automatically. Shareholders who have not updated their Email 
Id with the DP shall enter the Email Id.
d)   Click “Go to Meeting”.
      You are now registered for InstaMeet, and your attendance is marked for the meeting.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 21
===== PAGE 24 =====
Instructions for shareholders to Speak during the General Meeting through InstaMeet:
a)   Shareholders who would like to speak during the meeting must register their request with the company  at 
company’s registered email address. 
b)     Shareholders will get confirmation on first cum first basis depending upon the provision made by the company. 
c)  Shareholders will receive “speaking serial number” once they mark attendance for the meeting. Please  
remember speaking serial number and start your conversation with panellist by switching on video mode and 
audio of your device.
d)    Other shareholder who has not registered as “Speaker Shareholder” may still ask questions to the panellist via 
active chat-board during the meeting.
*Shareholders are requested to speak only when moderator of the meeting/ management will announce the name 
and serial number for speaking. 
Instructions for Shareholders to Vote during the General Meeting through InstaMeet: 
     Once the electronic voting is activated during the meeting, shareholders who have not exercised their vote  
through the remote e-voting can cast the vote as under:
  
a)      On the Shareholders VC page, click on the link for e-Voting “Cast your vote”
b)   Enter your 16-digit Demat Account No. / Folio No. and OTP (received on the registered  mobile number/  registered email Id) received during registration for InstaMeet 
c)      Click on 'Submit'. 
d)     After successful login, you will see “Resolution Description” and against the same the option “Favour/ Against”  
for voting. 
e)    Cast your vote by selecting appropriate option i.e. “Favour/Against” as desired. Enter the number of shares  
(which represents no. of votes) as on the cut-off date under 'Favour/Against'.
f)     After selecting the appropriate option i.e. Favour/Against as desired and you have decided to vote, click on 
“Save”. A confirmation box will be displayed. If you wish to confirm your vote, click on “Confirm”, else to change 
your vote, click on “Back” and accordingly modify your vote. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you 
will not be allowed to modify or change your vote subsequently.
Note: 
Shareholders/ Members, who will be present in the General Meeting through InstaMeet facility and have not casted 
their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to 
vote through e-Voting facility during the meeting. 
Shareholders/ Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting prior to the General Meeting will be eligible to 
attend/ participate in the General Meeting through InstaMeet. However, they will not be eligible to vote again during the 
meeting. 
Shareholders/ Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Tablets/ Laptops connected through broadband 
for better experience.
Shareholders/ Members are required to use Internet with a good speed (preferably 2 MBPS download stream) to 
avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
Please note that Shareholders/ Members connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptops connecting 
via Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Visual loss due to fluctuation in their network.  It is therefore recommended 
to use stable Wi-FI or LAN connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
Helpdesk:
Shareholders facing any technical issue in login may contact INSTAMEET helpdesk by sending a request at 
instameet@in.mpms.mufg.com or contact on: - Tel: 022 - 4918 6000 / 4918 6175.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D22
===== PAGE 25 =====
INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS BEING PROPOSED TO BE APPOINTED / RE-APPOINTED AS PER 
REGULATION 36(3) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015 AND SECRETARIAL STANDARD - 2 ON “GENERAL MEETINGS” IS GIVEN BELOW: 
Name of Directors 
Designation
Nationality
Qualifications
Experience (including nature of 
expertise in specific functional areas 
/ Brief Resume
Terms and Conditions of  
appointment / re- appointment  
Date of first appointment on the Board 
Shareholding in the Company (Equity 
Shares of Re. 1/- each) as on 
st
31  March, 2026
Date of Birth / Age
 
Remuneration last drawn, 
if applicable
DIN
Relationship with other Directors,
Manager, KMP of the company
No. of the Board meeting attended 
during the FY 2025-26
Particulars Prof. (Dr.) Rajendra Girjappa Sonkawade
11713166
Additional Director
th
14  April 1973
53 Years
Indian
Ph.D. in Physics , M.Sc. in Physics 
He has extensive experience in 
a c a d e m i c s ,  s c i e n t i f i c  r e s e a r c h , 
administration, and institutional 
governance. He has significant expertise 
in the field of physics and scientific 
research with contributions through
various research publications, projects, 
patents, and international collaborations.
Liable to retire by rotation
st
14  May, 2026
Nil
Not Applicable
He is not related inter-se to any Director
/Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company within the meaning of Section 
2(77) of the Companies Act, 2013
Mr. Nitin Menon
00692754
Executive Chairman
th
26  November, 1967, 
58 Years
Indian
Bachelor of Commerce
He is an industrialist and associated with 
Menon Bearings Ltd. since 1992 i.e. from 
the inception of the Company. He is 
having more than 31 years of rich and 
varied experience in the field of 
Automobile Sector.
Liable to retire by rotation
st
1  April, 1995
1,54,43,454
2
He is not related inter- se to any Director 
/Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company within the meaning of Section 
2(77) of the Companies Act, 2013
Rs. 168.76 Lakh during the financial 
st
year ended 31  March, 2026
Details of remuneration sought to 
be paid
Sitting Fees payable for attending Board 
and Committee meetings.
Not Applicable
Not Applicable
Directorship held in other Companies 
st
as on 31  March, 2026
1.  Menon Bearing New Ventures Limited
2.  Menon Alkop Limited
3.  Menon Brakes Limited
4.  Flyga Hotels Private Limited
5.  Menon United Private Limited
6. Flyga Resorts Private Limited
Nil
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 23
===== PAGE 26 =====
Name of Director 
List of  Membership / 
Chairmanship of Committees of 
other Boards
Summary of Performance Evaluation / 
Justification for choosing the 
appointees for appointment as  
Independent Directors
Particulars Prof. (Dr.) Rajendra Girjappa Sonkawade
Nil
Not Applicable
Mr. Nitin Menon
Nil
Not Applicable
Not Applicable Not ApplicableThe skills and capabilities required 
for the role and the manner in which 
the proposed person meets such 
requirements, in case appointment / 
reappointment of Independent Director
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D24
===== PAGE 27 =====
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013 (“ACT”) AND REGULATION 36(3) OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 (“LISTING REGULATIONS”):
Item No. 4 
The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, appointed M/s. A.G. Anikhindi  & Co., Cost 
Accountants, Kolhapur (FRN: 100049), as Cost Auditors of the Company to conduct audit of the cost records 
pertaining to manufacturing of Aluminum products, Bi-metallic products and tractors and other motor vehicles 
st 
(including automotive components) of the Company for the financial year ending 31 March, 2027 at a remuneration 
of Rs. 75,000/- (Rupees Seventy Five Thousand only) plus taxes, as applicable and out of pocket expenses on 
actual basis. 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 148(3) of the Act read with the Companies (Cost Records and Audit) 
Rules, 2014, the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors has to be ratified by the members of the Company. 
Accordingly, consent of the members of the Company is sought by passing an Ordinary Resolution as set out at 
Item No. 4 of the Notice for ratification of the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditors for the financial year ending 
st 
31  March, 2027. 
The Board recommends the Ordinary Resolution as set out at Item No. 4 of the Notice for approval of the members. 
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of your Company or their relatives are concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise, in the said resolution.
Item No. 5
th
The Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 14  May, 2026, based on the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, appointed Prof.(Dr) Rajendra Girjappa Sonkawade (DIN: 11713166) 
as an Additional Director in the category of Non-Executive Non-Independent Director.
Prof.(Dr) Rajendra Girjappa Sonkawade holds office up to the date of this Annual General Meeting and is eligible for 
appointment as Director. The Company has received a notice under Section 160 of the Act proposing his 
candidature for the office of Director.
Considering his experience and expertise, the Board is of the opinion that his appointment would be beneficial to 
the Company and accordingly recommends the resolution for approval of the Members as set out in Item No. 5 of 
the notice for the approval of members.
Except Prof.(Dr) Rajendra Girjappa Sonkawade, being appointee and his relatives, none of the Directors, Key 
Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
said resolution.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 25
===== PAGE 28 =====
Board of Directors' Report 
To, 
The Members,
th 
Your directors feel great pleasure in presenting the 35 Annual Report of your Company along with the 
st
Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements for the financial year ended 31  March, 2026.
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS:
The Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing of “Auto Components”. During the financial year 
under review, the Company has registered a turnover of Rs. 21,300.43 Lakh (previous year Rs. 16,573.04 
Lakh) and Net Profit after Tax of Rs. 3,262.95 Lakh (previous year Rs. 2,015.73 Lakh).
During the financial year under review, the Company registered a consolidated turnover of Rs. 29,380.86 Lakh 
(previous year Rs. 23,927.80 Lakh) and Consolidated Net Profit after Tax of Rs. 3,825.14 Lakh (previous year 
Rs. 2,493.45 Lakh). 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS: (Rs. in Lakh)
Sr.
No. Particulars
Total Revenue (Net)
Profit before Depreciation 
& Amortization Expenses, 
Finance Cost and Tax
Less : Depreciation and 
Amortization Expenses
           Less: Finance Cost
Profit before Tax
Less: Provision for Tax 
Profit after Tax
Other Comprehensive 
Income
Rate of  Dividend Paid
Dividend Paid
Total Comprehensive 
Income
1.
2.
3.
5.
6.
8.
9.
10.
11.
7.
Standalone
st
31  March, 2026
Consolidated
st
31  March, 2025
st
31  March, 2026
22,010.36
5,135.78
5,16.63
3,13.08
43,06.07
1,043.13
3,262.95
(25.10)
3,237.85
200%
1,120.80
30,024.35
6,520.80
9,97.80
5,08.11
50,14.89
1,189.76
3,825.14
(23.06)
3,802.08
200%
1,120.80
st
31  March, 2025
4.
24,377.50
4,641.59
881.08
376.21
3,384.30
890.84
2,493.45
(19.21)
2,474.25
200%
1,120.80
16,824.71
3,381.71
423.81
276.53
665.64
2,015.73
(30.28)
1,985.45
200%
1,120.80
2,681.37
EPS (Basic) 
EPS (Diluted)
12.
13.
5.82
5.82
6.83
6.83
3.60
3.60
4.45
4.45
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D26
===== PAGE 29 =====
DIVIDEND:
The Company's overall performance during the financial year under review was satisfactory. Based on the 
performance, the Company declared interim dividend @ Rs. 2.00 per Equity Share (previous year Rs. 2 per 
Equity Share), being 200% (previous year 200%) of the paid–up Equity Share Capital of the Company for the 
st 
financial year ended 31 March, 2026. Considering current market scenario and to conserve resources, your 
st 
directors are not recommending any further dividend for the financial year ended 31 March, 2026, and the 
interim dividend already paid may be taken as final dividend for the financial year under review.
SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY:
During the financial year under review, there was no change in the paid up share capital of the Company. As on 
st 
31 March, 2026, the paid up share capital of the Company was Rs. 5,60,40,000/- (Rupees Five Crore Sixty 
Lakh Forty Thousand only) divided into 5,60,40,000 (Five Crore Sixty Lakh Forty Thousand) Equity Shares of 
Re. 1/- each fully paid up.
CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY:
There was no change in the nature of business activities of the Company during the financial year under review.
RESERVES:
During the financial year under review, a sum of Rs. 75.00 Lakh (previous year Rs. 75.00 Lakh) was transferred 
to the General Reserve.
SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATE AND JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES:
st
As on 31  March, 2026, the Company had three wholly owned subsidiaries namely Menon Brakes Limited 
(formerly known as Menon Brakes Private Limited), Menon Alkop Limited and Menon Bearings New Ventures 
Limited. 
The Menon Alkop Limited is material subsidiary of the Company in terms of Regulation 16(c) of the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”) and Policy on determining Material Subsidiaries of the Company.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 129(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), a statement containing salient 
features of the financial statements of wholly owned subsidiary companies in Form AOC - 1 is annexed as 
Annexure – I and forms part of this Report.
During the financial year under review, the Company had no joint venture / associate company.
CONSOLIDATED AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
Pursuant to the provisions of Sections 129 and 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 
and as required under Regulation 34 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), the Company has prepared Consolidated Audited Financial 
Statements consolidating financial statements of its wholly owned subsidiaries namely Menon Brakes Limited 
(formerly known as Menon Brakes Private Limited), Menon Alkop Limited and Menon Bearings New Ventures 
Limited with its financial statements in accordance with the applicable provisions of Indian Accounting 
Standards (“Ind-AS”)
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 27
===== PAGE 30 =====
The Consolidated Audited Financial Statements along with the Independent Auditors’ Report thereon are 
annexed and form part of this Report and the summarized consolidated financial position is provided in 
financial highlights stated here in above.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS:
During the financial year under review, the Company has not accepted or renewed any deposits from public 
within the meaning of Sections 73 and 76 of the Act read with the Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules, 
2014.
ANNUAL RETURN:
st 
As required under Section 92(3) read with Section 134(3)(a) of the Act, the copy of Annual Return as on 31
March, 2026 will be placed on the website of the Company and can be accessed at 
https://menonbearings.in/finacial-information. 
DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL:
a)  Retirement by rotation 
In accordance with the provisions of Section 152 of the Act read with the Companies (Management and 
Administration) Rules, 2014 and Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Nitin Menon (DIN: 00692754), 
th 
Executive Chairman of the Company retires by rotation at the ensuing 35 Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) 
and being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment and your Board recommends his re-appointment.
b)  Appointment and Re-appointment 
th th
Mr. R. D. Dixit (DIN: 00626827), who retired by rotation at the 34 AGM of the Company held on 28  August, 
2025 was appointed as director of the Company in terms of provisions of Section 152(6) of the Act.
Mr. Nandan Dattatray Borgalkar (DIN: 07322278) was appointed as a Non-Executive Independent Director of 
st
the Company, not liable to retire by rotation, for a term of five (5) consecutive years commencing from 1  
th th
October, 2025 up to 30   September, 2030, at the 34   Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Mr. Arun Aradhye, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, was appointed as 
th
Managing Director of the Company for a term of five (5) years with effect from 4  March, 2026.
th
Mr. Chandrakant Ghatge was appointed as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company with effect from 4  
March, 2026.
Prof. (Dr.) Rajendra Girjappa Sonkawade (DIN: 11713166) was appointed as an Additional Non-Executive, 
th
Non-Independent Director of the Company with effect from 14  May, 2026 pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 152 and 161 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Articles of Association of the Company. He shall hold 
office up to the date of the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.
Apart from above, no other Director or KMP was appointed / re-appointed during the financial year under 
review.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D28
===== PAGE 31 =====
c)  Cessation
During the financial year 2025–26, Mr. M. L. Shinde (DIN: 07417527) resigned from the position of 
st
Independent Director of the Company with effect from 1  October, 2025 due to personal and unavoidable 
circumstances. Further, he has confirmed that there are no other material reasons for his resignation. The 
Board places on record its sincere appreciation for his valuable contributions during his tenure. 
Mr. R. D. Dixit resigned from the position of Managing Director of the Company with effect from the closing 
rd
hours of 3  March, 2026, due to his advanced age. The Board of Directors places on record its sincere 
appreciation for his valuable contributions, guidance, and dedicated services rendered to the Company during 
his tenure as Managing Director.
th
Upon appointment of Mr. Arun Aradhye as Managing Director w.e.f. 4  March, 2026, he ceased to be Whole 
Time Director and Chief Financial Officer of the Company w.e.f. that date.
 
No other Director or KMP retired or resigned during the financial year under review.
d)  Declaration from Independent Directors
The Company has received the necessary declarations from all the Independent Directors of the Company 
confirming that they meet the criteria of independence as prescribed under Section 149(6) of the Act and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations, and pursuant to Regulation 25(8) of the Listing Regulations 
declaring that they are not aware of any circumstance or situation, which exist or may be reasonably 
anticipated that could impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties with an objective independent 
judgment and without any external influence. The Independent Directors have also confirmed that they have 
complied with the provisions of Schedule IV of the Act and the Company's Code of Conduct.
Further, the Independent Directors have also submitted their declaration in compliance with the provisions of 
Rule 6(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, which mandates the 
inclusion of their name in the data bank of Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs.
None of the directors of your Company are disqualified under the provisions of Section 164(2) of the Act. Your 
directors have made necessary disclosures, as required under various provisions of the Act and the Listing 
Regulations and in the opinion of the Board, all the Independent Directors are person of integrity and possess 
relevant expertise and experience and are independent of the management.
e)  Number of Directors
As per Regulation 17(1) of the Listing Regulations, the Company is required to appoint minimum 6 (Six) 
directors including one woman director on its Board, out of them half of the board should consist of independent 
directors.
At present, in compliance with the aforesaid provisions, your Company has 6 (Six) directors consisting of three 
Independent Directors including a woman director, two Executive Directors and one Non-Executive Director.
f)  Annual Performance and Board Evaluation
The Board has devised a policy pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations for 
performance evaluation of the Chairman, Board as a whole and individual directors (including Independent 
Directors) and Committees, which includes criteria for performance evaluation of Non-Executive Directors 
and Executive Directors.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 29
===== PAGE 32 =====
The Board has devised questionnaire to evaluate the performance of Board as a whole, Committees of the 
Board, individual directors and Chairperson. The Chairman of respective Committees shared the report on 
evaluation with the Board. The performance of each Committee was evaluated by the Board.  The reports on 
performance evaluation of the individual directors were reviewed by the Board.
The evaluation framework for assessing the performance of directors comprises of the following key areas:
i.   Attendance at Board and Committee Meetings;
ii. Quality of contribution to the deliberations;
iii. Strategic perspectives or inputs regarding future growth of the Company and its performance; and
iv. Providing perspectives and feedback going beyond information provided by the management.
g) Key Managerial Personnel (“KMP”)
The details of Key Managerial Personnel of the Company are as follows:
MEETINGS OF THE BOARD :
The Board of Directors meets at regular intervals to discuss and decide on Company / business policies and 
strategy apart from other Board business. A tentative annual calendar of the Board and Committee meetings is 
informed to the directors in advance to facilitate them to plan their schedule accordingly, and to ensure 
meaningful participation in the meetings. However, in case of special or urgent business need, the Board's 
approval is taken by passing resolutions through circulation, as permitted by law, which are noted in the 
subsequent meeting of the Board of Directors.
The notice of meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees are given well in advance to all the directors of 
the Company. Usually, meetings of the Board are held in Kolhapur, Maharashtra. The agenda of the Board / 
Committee meetings are circulated at least 7 days before the date of the meeting. The agenda for the Board 
and Committee meetings include detailed notes on the items to be discussed at the meetings to enable the 
directors to make informed decisions.
During the financial year under review, the Board of Directors met 5 (five) times as per details given below, and 
the intervening gap between two consecutive meetings was within the period prescribed under the Act and the 
Listing Regulations:
Mr. R. D. Dixit
Mr. Nitin Menon
Mr. Arun Aradhye
rd
Managing Director (Upto 3  March 2026)
Executive Chairman 
Whole Time Director and Chief Financial 
rd
Officer (upto 3  March, 2026)
DesignationName of Key Managerial Personnel
1.
2.
4.
Sr. No.
Mr. Chandrakant Ghatge th
Chief Financial Officer (w.e.f. 4  March, 2026)5.
Mr. Siddheshwar Kadane Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 6.
Mr. Arun Aradhye th
Managing Director  (w.e.f. 4  March, 2026)3.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D30
===== PAGE 33 =====
DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT:
Your directors to the best of their knowledge and belief and according to the information and explanations 
obtained by them and as required under Section 134(3) read with Section 134(5) of the Act state that:
 
a. in the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards have been followed along 
with proper explanation relating to material departures, if any;
b. they have selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the 
st 
Company at the end of the financial year 31 March, 2026 and of the profit of the Company for that period;
c. they have taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing 
and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
d.  they have prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis;
e.  they have laid down internal financial controls to be followed by the Company and that such internal financial 
controls are adequate and were operating effectively; and
f.  they have devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws and that 
such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD:
In accordance with the applicable provisions of the Act and the Listing Regulations, the Company has 
constituted four committees of the Board, namely:
1.        Audit Committee;
2.       Stakeholders' Relationship Committee;
3.       Nomination and Remuneration Committee; and
4.       Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.
Details of the said Committees along with their charters, composition and meetings held during the financial 
year under review are provided in the report on Corporate Governance, forming part of this Report.
The details of meetings of various Committees and attendance thereat are given below:
Sr.
No.
Date of 
meeting
Total Number of  
directors as on the 
date of meeting
Attendance
Number of directors 
attended
% of
attendance
1
2
3
4
5
15.05.2025
25.07.2025
28.10.2025
15.01.2026
03.03.2026
6
6
6
6
6
5
6
5
4
6
83.33
100.00
83.33
66.67
100.00
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 31
===== PAGE 34 =====
AUDIT COMMITTEE:
The Audit Committee is duly constituted as per the provisions of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the 
Listing Regulations.
st 
As on 31 March, 2026, the Audit Committee comprised of 4 (four) members viz. Mrs. Kailash Nevagi, Mr. Arun 
Aradhye, Mr. Nandan Borgalkar and Dr. Santosh Prabhu. Mrs. Kailash Nevagi is the Chairperson of the Audit 
Committee and the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company acts as Secretary to the Audit 
Committee.
The Audit Committee of the Company reviews the reports to be submitted to the Board of Directors with respect 
to auditing and accounting matters. It also supervises the Company's internal control and financial reporting 
process and vigil mechanism.
All the recommendations made by the Audit Committee during the financial year under review were accepted 
by the Board of Directors of the Company.
WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY / VIGIL MECHANISM:
The Company has adopted Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy as per the provisions of Section 177 of the 
Act and Regulation 22 of the Listing Regulations to deal with instances of fraud and mismanagement. It also 
provides adequate safeguards against victimization of directors or employees or any other person who avail 
the mechanism and it provides for direct access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee in exceptional 
cases.
The details of the Vigil Mechanism are provided in the report on Corporate Governance and also posted on the 
website of the Company at https://menonbearings.in/corporate-governace.
      
 
Sr.
No.
Date of 
meeting
Total Number of  
Members as on the 
date of meeting
Attendance
Number of Memebers 
attended
% of
attendance
1
2
3
4
1
15.05.2025
25.07.2025
28.10.2025
15.01.2026
25.07.2025
1
2
3
4
1
2
Type of Meeting
Audit Committee
Nomination and 
Remuneration 
Committee
Stakeholders' 
Relationship 
Committee
CSR Committee
03.03.2026
15.05.2025
25.07.2025
28.10.2025
15.01.2026
15.05.2025
28.10.2025
4
4
4
4
3
3
3
3
3
3
4
4
4
4
4
3
3
3
2
3
2
2
3
3
100.00
100.00
100.00
75.00
100.00
100.00
66.67
100.00
66.67
66.67
75.00
75.00
2
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D32
===== PAGE 35 =====
We affirm that during the financial year under review, no employee or director was denied access to the 
Chairperson of the Audit Committee.
PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES:
(a)  The information, as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is given in Annexure - II, 
forming part of this report.
(b)  The statement containing particulars of employees, as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read 
with Rules 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) 
Rules, 2014, is provided in this Report as Annexure - III, forming part of this report.
(c)  Information under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal ) Act, 2013:
    The Company has constituted Internal Committees as required under Section 4 of the Sexual 
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013. During the 
financial year under review, no complaint was filed before the said Committees. No complaint was 
pending at the beginning or end of the financial year under review.
(d)  Compliance with the provisions of Maternity Benefit Act, 1961:
    The Company has devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Maternity 
Benefit Act, 1961. Your Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the said provisions during 
the financial year under review, wherever required.
t
(e) Number of employees as on the closure of financial year ended 31  March, 2026:
s
Female  :  1
Male  :  218
Transgender               :  0
REMUNERATION POLICY:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations and upon 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board of Directors has adopted a policy 
for appointment of directors, key managerial personnel, senior management personnel and valuation of their 
performance and remuneration. The said Policy has been placed on the website of the Company and is 
available at https://menobearings.in/corporate-governance.  
STATUTORY AUDITORS:
As per the provisions of Section 139 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, the 
st nd
members of the Company at their 31 AGM held on 22  September, 2022 appointed M/s. A R N A & 
Associates, Chartered Accountants, Kolhapur (FRN: 122293W) as Statutory Auditors of the Company for a 
th 
term of 5 (five) consecutive years, and accordingly they will hold office as such till the conclusion of 36
st
Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held for the financial year ending 31  March, 2027.
M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants, have furnished a certificate of their eligibility under 
Section 141 of the Act and the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, confirming that they are eligible 
for continuance as Statutory Auditors of the Company.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 33
===== PAGE 36 =====
STATUTORY AUDITORS’ REPORT:
The Statutory Auditors' reports on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
st 
Company for the financial year ended 31 March, 2026 form part of this report.
The Statutory Auditors' Reports on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Statements for the 
st 
financial year ended 31 March, 2026 do not contain any qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks or 
disclaimer. 
COST RECORDS AND COST AUDIT:
During the financial year under review, the Company duly made and maintained the Cost accounts and records 
as required under Section 148(1) of the Act.
st
The Company has received Cost Audit Report for the financial year ended 31  March, 2026 from M/s. C. S. 
Adawadkar & Co., Cost Accountants, Cost Auditors of the Company.
 
COST AUDITORS:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the Act read with the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, 
th
the Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on 15  May, 2025, re-appointed M/s. C. S. 
Adawadkar & Co., Cost Accountants, Pune (FRN: 100401) as Cost Auditors of the Company to conduct audit of 
cost records pertaining to manufacturing of Aluminum products, Bi-metallic products and tractors and other 
motor vehicles (including automotive components) for the financial year 2025-26
th
Further, the Board of Directors of the Company, in its meeting held on 14  May, 2026 has appointed M/s. A. G. 
Anikhindi & Co., Cost Accountants, Kolhapur, (FRN: 100049) as the Cost Auditors of the Company to conduct 
the audit of cost records pertaining to manufacturing of Aluminium products, Bi-metallic products, tractors and 
other motor vehicles (including automotive components) for the financial year 2026-27.
A resolution seeking ratification of the remuneration payable to the said Cost Auditors for the financial year 
th
2026-27 by the members is included in the Notice of the ensuing 35  Annual General Meeting of the Company.
SECRETARIAL AUDITORS:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Appointment 
and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 and Regulation 24A of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, M/s. M. Baldeva Associates, Company 
Secretaries, Mumbai, were appointed as the Secretarial Auditors of the Company for a term of 5 (five) 
th
consecutive years, covering the financial years 2025-26 to 2029-30, as approved by the shareholders at 34   
Annual General Meeting.
The Secretarial Auditors are entrusted to conduct the Secretarial Audit of the Company and issue their report in 
accordance with the applicable statutory provisions and also to render such other allied services as may be 
permitted under law from time to time.
The Secretarial Auditors for the financial year 2025-26 is annexed to this report as Annexure - IV and forms 
part of this report.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D34
===== PAGE 37 =====
With respect to observation made by the Secretarial Auditors in their report, your Directors would like to state 
the delay in filing of some eforms with the Registrar of Companies, Pune was inadvertent and have instructed 
management to ensure proper compliance in future.   
INTERNAL AUDITOR:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 138 of the Act read with the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014, the 
Board of Directors, based on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, re-appointed Mr. Abhay Golwalkar, 
Chartered Accountant, Kolhapur as Internal Auditor of the Company for the financial year 2026-27. Internal 
Auditor submits his reports to the Audit Committee on quarterly basis.
Based on the Internal Auditor’s reports, the management undertakes corrective actions in respective areas 
and thereby strengthens the controls. Significant audit observations and corrective actions thereon are 
presented to the Audit Committee periodically.
REPORTING OF FRAUD BY AUDITORS
None of the Auditors have reported any fraud as specified under Section 143(12) of the Act.
INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROL:
The Board has adopted the policies and procedures for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its 
business, including adherence to Company's policies, safeguarding of assets, prevention and detection of 
frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records and timely preparation of reliable 
financial disclosures.
The Audit Committee evaluates the efficiency and adequacy of financial control system in the Company, its 
compliance with operating systems, accounting procedures at all locations of the Company and strives to 
maintain the highest standard in Internal Financial Control.
RISKS AND AREAS OF CONCERN:
The Company has laid down a well-defined Risk Management Policy covering the risk mapping, trend 
analysis, risk exposure, potential impact and risk mitigation process. A detailed exercise is being carried out to 
identify, evaluate, manage and monitoring of both business and non-business risks. The Board periodically 
reviews the risks and suggests steps to be taken to control and mitigate the same through a properly defined 
framework.
REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
REPORT
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, the following 
have been made part of the Annual Report and are annexed to this report:
Ø         Management Discussion and Analysis Report;
Ø Report on Corporate Governance;
Ø        Declaration on compliance with Code of Conduct;
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 35
===== PAGE 38 =====
Ø       Certificate from Practicing Company Secretary that none of the directors on the Board of the Company 
has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies; and
Ø Auditors' Certificate regarding compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 135 of the Act read with the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) 
Rules, 2014, the Company has constituted Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee and has framed 
policy on Corporate Social Responsibility. As part of its initiatives under CSR, the Company has identified 
various projects / activities in accordance with Schedule VII of the Act.
The details of CSR activities undertaken during the financial year 2025-26, as required under Rule 8 of the 
Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility) Rules, 2014, are annexed as Annexure - V and forms part of this 
report.
PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES:
All contracts / arrangements / transactions entered by the Company during the financial year under review with 
related parties were in the ordinary course of business on arm's length basis and are reported in the Notes to 
st
Accounts for the financial year ended 31  March, 2026.
The details of material related party transactions as referred to in Section 188(1) of the Act in the prescribed 
Form AOC-2 under the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are given in Annexure - VI and forms part of this 
report.
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 23 of the Listing Regulations, the Company has formulated the 
Related Party Transaction Policy and the same is uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://menonbearings.in. 
MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENT, IF ANY, AFFECTING FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE 
COMPANY OCCURRED BETWEEN THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR TO WHICH THE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS RELATE AND THE DATE OF THE REPORT:
No material changes or commitments affecting the financial position of the Company have occurred between 
end of the financial year to which the financial statements relate and the date of this report.
PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR INVESTMENTS:
The details of loans, guarantees given or investments made by the Company as required under the provision of
st
Section 186(4) of the Act are given under Notes to Accounts for the financial year ended 31  March, 2026 and
forms part of this report.
DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR COURTS OR 
TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE GOING CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY'S OPERATIONS IN FUTURE:
There was no significant or material order have been passed by any regulator or court or tribunal, which 
impacts the going concern status of the Company or will have bearing on Company's operations in future.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D36
===== PAGE 39 =====
INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF):
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 124(5) of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, all unpaid or unclaimed dividends are 
required to be transferred by the Company to the IEPF established by the Government of India after the 
completion of seven years. Further, according to the provisions of 124(6) of the Act read with the said Rules, the 
shares on which dividend remained unpaid or unclaimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or 
more shall also be transferred to the demat account of the IEPF Authority. Accordingly, during the financial year 
under review, the Company transferred 31,971 Equity Shares to the demat account of the IEPF Authority for 
which dividends remained unpaid/unclaimed for seven consecutive years or more.
In terms of the provisions of Section 125 of the Act read with the Investor Education and Protection Fund 
Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 2016, during the financial year under review, Rs. 
4,23,830/-, and Rs. 17,10,423/- which remained unpaid and unclaimed dividend for the financial years 2017-
18 and 2018-19 respectively, were transferred to the IEPF account.
Further, the unpaid and unclaimed dividend amount lying with the Company for the financial year 2019-20 is 
due to transfer to the IEPF. The complete details of the same are available on the Company's website viz. 
https://menonbearings.in/investor-information  
The Board has appointed Mr. Arun Aradhye, Managing Director of the Company as the Nodal Officer to ensure 
compliance with the IEPF Rules.
CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION, FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014, details regarding Conservation of Energy, Technology absorption, Foreign exchange earnings and 
outgo are given in Annexure - VIII and forms part of this report.
COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS:
The Company has devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable 
Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India and your directors confirm 
compliance of the same during the financial year under review.
PROCEEDINGS UNDER INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY CODE, 2016:
During the financial year under review, no application was made or proceeding initiated against the Company 
under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 nor was any such proceeding pending at the end of the 
financial year under review.
VALUATION OF ASSETS:
During the financial year under review, there was no instance of one-time settlement of loans / financial 
assistance taken from Banks or Financial Institutions, hence the Company was not required to carry out 
valuation of its assets for the said purpose.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 37
===== PAGE 40 =====
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS:
Your directors wish to place on record their gratitude for the continued co-operation and patronage extended by 
the esteemed customers both in OEM and Replacement Market segments. The directors would also like to 
place on record their sincere appreciation for the continued co-operation, guidance, support and assistance 
extended during the financial year under report by our bankers, customers, suppliers and Government 
agencies. The Board of Directors wishes to express its appreciation for the valuable contribution made by the 
employees at all levels during the financial year under review.
                                                                                            
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited  
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman 
DIN: 00692754
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
th
: 14  May, 2026
      
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D38
===== PAGE 41 =====
FORM AOC -1
[Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section 3 of Section 129 read with Rule 5 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Statement containing salient features of the financial statements of 
subsidiaries or associate companies or joint ventures.
Annexure - I 
Part “A”: Subsidiaries (Rs. in Lakh)
Sr. No.
Name of the subsidiary Menon Alkop Ltd.
The date since when subsidiary was 
acquired
2
Reporting period for the subsidiary 
concerned, if different  from the holding 
company's reporting period
rd
23  January, 2024
Reporting currency and Exchange rate as 
on the last date of the relevant Financial 
Year in the case of foreign subsidiaries
Share Capital
Reserves and Surplus
Total Assets
Total Liabilities
Turnover
Profit / Loss Before Taxation
Provision for Taxation (Including D.T)
Profit / Loss after Taxation
Proposed Dividend
Extent of Shareholding (in percentage)
Menon Brakes Ltd.
 (formerly known 
as Menon Brakes 
Private Limited)
1 3
Menon Bearings 
New Ventures Ltd.
th
12  December, 2022
th
7  February, 2024
CIN/ any other registration number of
subsidiary company
U24202PN2024
PLC227547
U26999PN2022
PLC216882
U45101PN2024
PLC227960
Provisions pursuant to which the 
company has become a subsidiary
(Section 2(87)(i) /Section 2(87)(ii))
Investments
N.A.
N.A.
825.00
(206.98)
909.06
70.56
10.23
100%
60.32
-
2(87)(ii)
1371.07
753.05
0
N.A.
N.A.
826.00
4603.11
7289.26
927.66
791.26
-
100%
136.40
2(87)(ii)
7837.09
2407.98
1.00
N.A.
N.A.
1.00
(13.30)
Nil
(0.29)
(0.29)
-
100%
Nil
2(87)(ii)
Nil
12.30
0
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 39
===== PAGE 42 =====
Part “B”: Associates and Joint Ventures
Not Applicable as the Company does not have any associate and joint venture.
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited    
Nitin Menon
Executive  Chairman
DIN: 00692754
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
 Chandrakant Ghatge  
  Chief Financial Officer
 Siddheshwar Kadane
Company Secretary
&  Compliance Officer
Membership No: A72775
Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations: 
 
CIN /any other registration number
U45101PN2024PLC227960 Menon Bearings New Ventures Limited
SI. 
No.
1
Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations
Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or sold during the year: Nil
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN  : 26111576VKBSJW5080
                        
 
 
As per our report of even date attached 
 Arun Aradhye 
 Mangaging  Director 
DIN : 03052587
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D40
===== PAGE 43 =====
The ratio of the remuneration of each director to the median remuneration of the employees of 
the company for the financial year 2025 - 26 :
Details of the ratio of remuneration of each director to the median employee's remuneration
Sr. No. Name of the Directors Ratio of remuneration to the median 
remuneration of the employees
1. Mr. Nitin Menon 30.10
2. Mr. R. D. Dixit 8.91
3. Mr. Arun Aradhye 17.17
(Median remuneration of the employees of the Company for the financial year 2025-26 is Rs. 5.60 Lakh).
(ii) The percentage increase in remuneration of each director, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive 
Officer, Company Secretary or Manager, if any, in the financial year
Sr. No. Names of the Director / CFO / CS % Increase over last F.Y.
1. Mr. Nitin Menon -26.23
2.  Mr. R. D. Dixit -
3. Mr. Arun Aradhye 7.05
4. Not applicable
(iii) The percentage increase in the median remuneration 
of employees in the financial year
10%
(iv) The number of permanent employees on  the rolls of 
the Company
219
(v) Average percentile increase already made in the salaries 
of employees other than the managerial personnel in 
the last financial year and its comparison with the 
percentile increase in the managerial remuneration and 
justification thereof and point out if there are any 
exceptional circumstances for increase in managerial 
remuneration.
Average percentile increase in 
Employee's other than managerial 
remuneration is 4.63% while managerial 
remuneration decreased by 15.22%.
We hereby confirm that the remuneration is as per the Remuneration Policy recommended by 
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company and adopted by the Company.
(vi)
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited  
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN:00692754
Place 
Date
: Kolhapur 
th
: 14  May, 2026
. .i()
Annexure - II 
Mr. Sidheshwar Kadane - CS 
5. 11.79Mr. Chandrakant Ghatage - CFO
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 41
===== PAGE 44 =====
Information as required under Rule 5(2) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
Annexure - III  
I
Sr
no.
Names of the top ten employees of the Company in terms of remuneration drawn
Name of
employee
Designation
of the 
employee
Remuneration 
received 
(Rs. in 
Lakh)
Nature of 
employment, 
whether 
contractual 
or otherwise
Qualifications 
/ experience 
of the 
employee
(in years)
Age 
(in years)
Last 
employment 
held before 
joining the 
Company
Date of 
commenc
ement of 
employment
The 
percentage 
of equity shares 
held by 
the employee 
in the Company 
within the 
meaning of 
Clause (iii) 
of sub-rule 
(2) Rule 5 
Whether 
any such 
employee is 
a relative of 
any director 
or manager 
of the 
Company 
and if so, 
name of 
such director 
or manager
1. Mr. Nitin
Menon
Executive  
Chairman 
Contractual B.Com / 32 58 -st
1  October, 
1992
-
2. Mr. Arun
Aradhye 
Whole-Time
Director &
CFO
rd
(upto 3  
March 2026)
Managing 
Director 
th
(w.e.f. 4  
March, 2026)
M.Com, 
GDC & A
LLB (Spl),
CA (Inter) / 50
69 Ghatge 
Patil 
Transport, 
Kolhapur
st
31  January, 
2011
Mr. Prashant 
Dattatraya 
Hanamar
Deputy 
General 
Manager
Permanent B.E. / 33 58 Xlo Mechine 
Tools Ltd, 
Thane
th
14  July, 
1994
6.
8.
Permanent -
5.
7.
Mr.
Shantaram 
Bapu Dhond
Permanent B.E. /30 50 Mani Auto 
Components, 
Kolhapur
General 
Manager
-4.
3. Mr. R. D.
Dixit
Managing 
Director 
rd
(upto 3  
March, 2026)
Contractual 83 -st
1  October, 
1992
-B.E. Mech
/ 58
-
th
6  October, 
2006
Mr. Ghatage 
Chadrakant  
Ramchandra
Permanent B.COM / 30 57st
1  October, 
2020
-Chief 
Financial
Officer
Mani Auto 
Components, 
Kolhapur
Mr.  Amit 
Gajanan 
Talikoti
Permanent BE, MBA / 22 4727  January,
th
2005
-Deputy
General 
Manager,
(Marketing)
Ghatge 
Logistics, 
Nashik
Mr. Anshul 
Nitin 
Menon
168.76
96.26
18.67
24.68
49.93
16.50
13.71
12.22Executive 
Assistant to 
Chairman
Permanent 27 Yes. Mr. Nitin 
Menon, 
Executive 
Chairman
32.56*
0.011
0.00004
Nil
Nil
Nil
0.00002
5.79-B.E./ 4
st
1   April,
2022
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D42
===== PAGE 45 =====
II
III
IV
Remuneration includes salary, various allowances, contribution to Provident Fund and taxable value of Perks.
Name of employees who were employed throughout the financial year 2025-26 or part thereof and were paid remuneration in excess of Managing 
Director or Whole-time Director or Manager and holds along with his spouse and dependent children not less than 2% of equity shares of the 
Company -  Nil
10.
Employees drawing remuneration of  Rs. 8,50,000/- per month or Rs. 1,02,00,000/- per annum or more during the financial year
* The percentage of equity shares held includes that of the spouse.
Employee Name
Mr. Nitin Menon
Designation Educational
Qualification
Age (years) Experience 
 (in years)
Date of 
Commencement
of employment
Previous employment
and designation
Remuneration
paid
(Rs. in Lakh)
Executive
Chairman
B. Com 58 32 years st
1  October, 1992 168.76 -
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited  
Place
Date
: Kolhapur 
th
: 14  May, 2026
       
Mr. Pravin 
Ramchandra
 Vanjare 
10.45 Permanent Dep in 
Mechnical
Eng.(DME)
/ 25
50 - -Assistant 
General 
Manager, 
Quality 
Assurance 
-
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN:00692754
9. Mr. Sunil 
Maruti 
Misal
10.88 Permanent Bsc / 31 55 -th 
12 October 
1995
-Manager, 
Tool Room
-
th 
24 June
2012
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 43
===== PAGE 46 =====
Form No. MR-3
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
ST
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31  MARCH, 2026
[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
Menon Bearings Limited
I have conducted the Secretarial Audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence 
to good corporate practices by Menon Bearings Limited (hereinafter called 'the Company').  The Secretarial 
Audit was conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable basis for evaluation of the corporate conducts 
/ statutory compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Company's books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other 
records maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, the 
st
Company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended 31  March, 2026 ('Audit Period') 
complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-
processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made 
hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the 
st
Company for the financial year ended 31  March, 2026 according to the provisions of:
(I)  The Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') and the rules made thereunder;
(ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made thereunder;
(iii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(iv) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of  
Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings (not 
applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
(v) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act'):
a. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) 
Regulations, 2011;
b. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
c. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018 (not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021 (not applicable to the Company during the Audit Period);
e. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) 
Regulations, 2021 (not applicable during the Audit period);
f. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) 
Regulations, 1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
g. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021 (not 
applicable to the Company during the Audit Period); 
h. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (not applicable to 
the Company during the Audit Period); and
Annexure - IV
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D44
===== PAGE 47 =====
i. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015.
(vi) As informed and certified by the management of the Company, there are no laws that are specifically 
applicable to the business activities carried on by the Company based on its section / industry.
  
I have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses of the Secretarial Standards (SS – 1 and SS – 2) 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
During the period under audit, the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. as mentioned above, except delay in filing of some e-forms during the 
st
financial year ended 31  March, 2026 with the Registrar of Companies, Pune, Maharashtra.
I further report that
The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors and Independent Directors. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that 
took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.
Adequate notices were given to all the directors and members to schedule the Board and Committee meetings 
respectively, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system 
exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting 
and for meaningful participation at the meetings.
All decisions at Board and Committee meetings were taken unanimously as recorded in the minutes of the 
meetings of the Board of Directors or Committees of the Board, as the case may be.
 I further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size 
and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidelines.
I further report that during the audit period, there was no other specific event or action having a major bearing 
on the Company's affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, 
etc. 
Notes:
1.  This report is to be read with my letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure I and forms an integral part 
of this report.
CS Manish Baldeva 
Proprietor
M. No. FCS 6180; C.P. No. 11062
Peer Review No. 1436/2021
UDIN: F006180H000364593 
Place : Mumbai
th 
Date   : 14 May, 2026
For M Baldeva Associates
Company Secretaries
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 45
===== PAGE 48 =====
‘Annexure I’
To,
The Members,
Menon Bearings Limited
My report of even date is to read along with this letter.
1.    Maintenance of secretarial records is responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility 
is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
2.   I have followed the audit practices and processes as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance 
about the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records.  The verification was done on test basis to 
ensure that correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, I 
followed, provide a reasonable basis for my opinion.
3.   I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Book of Accounts of the 
Company.
4.   Wherever required, I have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules 
and regulations and happening of events etc.
5.   The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulation, standards is the 
responsibility of management. My examination was limited to the verification of procedures on the test 
basis.
6.   The Secretarial Audit Report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
CS Manish Baldeva 
Proprietor
M. No. FCS 6180; C.P. No. 11062
Peer Review No. 1436/2021
UDIN: F006180H000364593 
Place : Mumbai
th 
Date   : 14 May, 2026
For M Baldeva Associates
Company Secretaries
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D46
===== PAGE 49 =====
ANNEXURE - V
ANNUAL REPORT ON CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR) ACTIVITIES
The CSR policy of the Company lays down the guidelines to make CSR a key business process for 
sustainable development of the society. The CSR policy also encompasses the scope of CSR activities of 
the Company. The CSR policy of the Company is available on the Company's website i.e. 
https://menonbearings.in/investor-relations/corporategovernance  
1) Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company:
2) Composition of the CSR Committee:
Designation / Nature 
of Directorship
Sr.
No.
Names of Director  Number of Meetings of 
CSR Committee held 
during the year
Number of Meetings of 
CSR Committee attended  
during the year
 1. Mr. Nitin Menon Chairperson, 
Executive Chairman  2  0
 2. Mr. R. D. Dixit
1
Member, Managing
Director
rd
 (upto 3  March, 2026)  2  2
 3. Mr. M. L. Shinde
2
Member, Independent, 
Non-Executive Director  2  1
 4. Mr. Arun Aradhye Member, Managing
Director  
th
(w.e.f. 4  March, 2026)  2  2
 5. Member, Independent, 
Non-Executive Director  2  2
Note:
rd
1. Ceased to be member of the Committee with effect from 3  March, 2026 upon resignation as Director 
of the Company. 
st
2. Ceased to be member of the Committee with effect from 1  October, 2025 upon resignation from the 
office of Independent Director of the Company. 
st
3. Appointed as member of the Committee w.e.f. 1  October, 2025.
3)  Provide the web-link where composition of CSR Committee, CSR Policy and CSR Projects approved by the 
board are disclosed on the website of the Company:
 https://menonbearings.in/investorrelations/corporategovernance  
4) Provide the executive summary with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in 
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of Rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if 
applicable: Not Applicable 
5)    (a)  Average Net Profit of the Company as per Sub-Section(5) of Section 135: Rs. 3,459.52 Lakh
      (b)  Two percent of average net profit of the company as per Sub-Section (5) of Section 135: 
             Rs. 69.19 Lakh
      (c) Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or Programmes or Activities of the previous financial years: 
Nil
      (d) Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any:  Rs. 34.00 Lakh
      (e) Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)+(c)-(d)]:  Rs. 35.19 Lakh
Dr. Santosh Prabhu
 6. Member, Independent, 
Non-Executive Director  2  1Mr. Nadan 
3
Borgalkar
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 47
===== PAGE 50 =====
Total Amount 
spent for the
Financial Year
(Rs. in lakh)
Amount Unspent  (Rs. in lakh)
Total Amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per Sub-Section 
(6) Section 135
Amount transferred to any fund specified under 
Schedule VII as per second proviso to 
Sub-Section (5) Section 135
Amount
(Rs. in Lakh)
Name of the
Fund
Date of 
transfer
35.44 Nil N.A.N.A.
Amount
(Rs. in Lakh)
Date of 
transfer
N.A. N.A.
                    (f) Excess amount for set off, if any:
Amount (Rs. in Lakh)Sr. No. Particulars
 Ii) Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per 
Section 135(5)
 ii) Total amount spent for the  Financial Year
 iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)]
 iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or 
activities of the previous Financial Years, if any
 v) Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years 
[(iii)-(iv)]
69.19 
69.44 
0.25 
0.25 
Nil
Nil
  
7)  Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three financial years: 
Preceding 
Financial  
year
Amount 
transferred to 
Unspent CSR 
Account under 
Section 135(6)
Balance Amount
 in Unspent CSR 
Account under 
sub-section (6) 
of section 135 
(in RS.)
Amount 
spent in the 
reporting 
Financial 
Year 
Amount transferred 
to any fund   
specified under 
Schedule VII as per 
Section 135(6), if any
Amount remain
ing to be spent 
in succeeding
financial years
Deficiency, 
if any
Sr.
No.
Amount Date
of transfer
(Rs. in Lakh)
6) (a) Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project): Rs. 35.44 Lakh
    (b) Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: NIL
    (c) Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Not Applicable
    (d) Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c) ]: Rs. 35.44 Lakh
    (e) CSR amount spent or unspent for the ﬁnancial year: Rs. 35.44 Lakh
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D48
===== PAGE 51 =====
9)   Specify the reason (s), if the Company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per section 
135(5):  Not Applicable 
 
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
 8) Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility   
        amount spent in the Financial Year:
            Yes   
            No
If yes, enter the number of capital assets created / acquired: Not Applicable    
                                                                       
Furnish the details relating to the asset(s) so created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount 
spent in the financial year: Not Applicable
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman &
Chairman CSR Committee
DIN:00692754
Short particulars of
the property or
asset(s) [including
complete address
and location of the
property]
Pincode of the 
property or asset(s)
Date of
creation
Amount of CSR 
amount spent
Details of entity / Authority / 
beneficiary of the registered
owner
Sr.
No.
CSR 
Registration
 Number, 
if applicable
Name Registered 
address
Not Applicable
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 49
===== PAGE 52 =====
Annexure - VI
FORM NO. AOC-2
[Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
ParticularsSr. No. Details 
M/s. Mani Auto Components,Name(s) of the related party 
1.
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts / arrangements entered into by the Company with related parties 
referred to in sub-section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms-length 
transactions under third proviso thereto.
1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm's length basis:
The Company has not entered into any contract or arrangement or transaction with its related parties which is 
not at arm's length during the financial year 2025-26.
2. Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm's length basis:
Sale, purchase or supply of goods, or property of any
kind, whether movable or immovable and availing or
rendering of any services
Nature of Contracts / arrangements /
transactions 
2.
st st 
1  April, 2024 to 31 March, 2027Duration of the contracts / arrangements 
/ transactions
3.
F.Y. 2024-25- Rs. 4,000 Lakh
F.Y. 2025-26- Rs. 5,000 Lakh
F.Y. 2026-27- Rs. 5,500 Lakh
Salient terms of the contracts or 
arrangements or transactions including the 
value,  if any
4.
th
28  April, 2023Date(s) of approval by the Board, if any
5.
NilAmount paid as advances, if any 
6.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
of Menon Bearings Limited  
Place
Date
: Kolhapur 
th
: 14  May, 2026
       
Corporate identity number (CIN) or foreign 
company registration number (FCRN) or 
Limited Liability Partnership number 
(LLPIN) or Foreign Limited Liability 
Partnership number (FLLPIN) or 
Permanent Account Number (PAN) / 
Passport for individuals or any other 
registration number
Nature of relationship A partnership firm in which Director and his 
relatives are interested
AAFFM3798N
7.
8.
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN:00692754
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D50
===== PAGE 53 =====
Annexure - VII
STATEMENT OF CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN 
EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO [PURSUANT TO PROVISIONS OF SECTION 134 OF THE 
COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH THE COMPANIES (ACCOUNTS) RULES, 2014]
A.   CONSERVATION OF ENERGY
Steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:
     The Company remains committed to sustainable practices and continues to undertake proactive initiatives towards 
energy conservation, operational efficiency, and environmental sustainability across its manufacturing facilities and 
offices. The key initiatives undertaken during the year are as under:
1.   Green Energy and Renewable Power Initiatives
•    Solar Power Installation: Solar power generation capacity was enhanced from 570 kWp to 3870 kWp.
•    Estimated Energy Generation: Approximately 20,00,000 units per annum.
•    Benefits:
a) Significant reduction in dependency on conventional and non-renewable energy sources
b) Long-term reduction in electricity and energy costs
c) Reduction in carbon emissions, supporting environmental sustainability and green manufacturing initiatives
2.   Energy Efficiency and Conservation Measures - Installation of Energy Efficient Motors
      • Energy Savings: Approximately 2,000–2,200 units saved per annum.
•    Benefits:
a) Improved motor efficiency with lower energy consumption
b) Reduction in maintenance costs due to enhanced operational performance
c) Contribution towards overall operational efficiency and cost optimisation
3.   Use of LED Lighting Across Facilities
•     LED lighting systems have been extensively implemented across offices and manufacturing facilities.
•    Benefits:
      a) Significant energy savings compared to conventional lighting systems.
b) Longer operational life, resulting in lower replacement and maintenance costs.
c) Environment-friendly operation with lower heat emission and reduced environmental impact.
4.   Process Optimisation and Alternative Energy Utilisation
-     Conversion of LPG Preheating Process to Electric Heating System at Caster Line Holding Furnace
•    The LPG pre-heating process has been partially replaced with an electrically operated heating system at the caster 
line holding furnace.
•    Benefits:
a) Reduction in LPG consumption by approximately 200 kg per month
b) Improved temperature control and reduction in heat losses
c) Reduction in greenhouse gas emissions and improved process efficiency
Steps Taken for Utilising Alternative Sources of Energy
      Use of Boilers with Pre-Heat Chambers
      • Boilers equipped with pre-heat chambers have been deployed for optimising fuel consumption.
      • Purpose: To optimise diesel consumption and improve thermal efficiency.
•     Benefits:
a) Improved fuel efficiency and energy utilisation
b) Faster heating cycles with lower energy wastage
c) Reduction in operational costs and environmental emissions Capital investment on energy conservation 
equipment: Nil.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 51
===== PAGE 54 =====
B.  TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION
1.   New technologies implemented:
i.    Vision system using camera for visual inspection of Bearing with automated loading and unloading system.
ii.   Height broaching machine re-development work by changing hydraulically operated slide into servo operated slide with 
modifying bearing clamping system, pneumatic loading & unloading system etc.
iii.   Digital CMOS laser sensor used to detect bolt notch missing operation during ID boring operation.
iv.   MITUTOYO make contracer CV2100 M4 installed for high speed high precision measurement of complex contours, 
angles, radii, heights, pitch etc.
2.   Efforts made towards technology absorption, adaptation, and innovation:
    The Company has taken several steps to absorb and adapt new technologies, focusing on automation and quality 
enhancement in the production process.
3.   Benefits derived from the above efforts:
i.    Eliminates manual inspection errors leads to higher quality consistency.
ii.   Reduction in manpower required for visual inspection.
iii.  Due to servo system improved position accuracy & repeatability with better speed control.
iv.  Sensor introduction improves process reliability & ensures mistake proofing.
v.   High precision measurement of complex geometry & enables data based quality analysis with reports.
vi.  Solar system promotes sustainable & green manufacturing with reduction in electricity cost, dependency on grid power 
etc.
4.   Details of imported technology (if any):
The company did not import any new technology during the financial year 2025-26.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT (R&D)
1.   Specific areas in which R & D was carried out:
i.    Vision system Inspection of bearing through camera done by integrating AI software for high speed inspection to 
identify minute, complex defects that are difficult to program with traditional rule-based systems.
ii.   In process installation of OD under load checking machine integrated with auto data acquisition system by using probe 
to trace real time SPC data.
2.   Benefits derived:
i.    Reduction in operation cost with high accuracy, consistency and real time optimization.
ii.   Improved accuracy and data reliability along with scalability and flexibility.
iii.   Improved product identification and traceability.
iv.   High precision and resolution possible with non destructive internal measurement.
3.   Future plans:
i.    Installation of robot for automatic loading and unloading of bushings between coining and forming operation.
ii.   Bearing transfer line concept initialization in bearing lines.
iii.  Bowl feeder system for bush loading to be added for bush facing and chamfering machines.
iv.  Robotic arms to be installed for automatic loading and unloading of bushes during boring operation.
v.   Auto loading & unloading flange lip milling machine installation.
vi.  Servo operated Truncated bush face & chamfering machine installation.
4.   Expenditure on R &D:
i.    Capital Work in Progress (WIP): Rs. 29,00,000 /- 
ii.   Recurring: Rs. 90,70,000
iii.   Total: Rs. 1,19,70,000
iv.   Total R&D expenditure as a percentage of total turnover: 0.56 %
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D52
===== PAGE 55 =====
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
th
: 14 May, 2026
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
  of Menon Bearings Limited
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
          DIN:00692754
Current Year
(Rs. in Lakh)  
Previous Year
(Rs. in Lakh) 
Imports
Direct Export
Deemed 
Export
Used
Earned
567.10
6,687.15
845.95
Total foreign exchange used and earned   
Activities relating to export initiative for 
development of new export markets for 
products, services and exports. 
Currently, the Company is exporting its products to 
various countries viz. USA, UK, Canada, Japan, Italy, 
France, China, Mexico, Belgium, Netherland, UAE, 
etc.
C. FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO
204.58*
9,717.96
818.99
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 53
* includes imports of subsidiaries.
===== PAGE 56 =====
Management Discussion and Analysis Report 
Management Discussion and Analysis Report (MDAR) for FY 2025-26
1. Indian Economy Overview
Over the past decade, India has continued its upward economic trajectory, strengthening its position among 
the world’s leading economies, with GDP estimated to cross US$ 4 trillion in FY 2026-27. This sustained 
growth reflects the country’s resilient macroeconomic framework, supported by strong domestic demand, 
ongoing structural reforms, and stability amid global uncertainties such as geopolitical shifts, inflationary 
pressures, and supply chain realignments.
India’s economy is projected to grow in the range of 6.5% to 7.2% in FY 2026-27, maintaining its status as one 
of the fastest-growing major economies. The manufacturing sector remains a key driver of this expansion, 
supported by continued government focus on initiatives such as “Make in India”. Additionally, increased capital 
expenditure, infrastructure development, and emphasis on self-reliance (Atmanirbhar Bharat) are further 
strengthening industrial growth.
The ongoing push for localization, import substitution, and supply chain diversification presents significant 
long-term opportunities for domestic auto component manufacturers. In this evolving landscape, companies 
like Menon Bearings Limited, engaged in the manufacturing of high-quality engine bearings, bushes, thrust 
washers and allied products for automotive and industrial applications, are well-positioned to benefit from 
rising demand across both domestic and export markets.
Further, the Company’s subsidiary, Menon Alkop Limited, engaged in the business of aluminium die-casting 
components, continues to strengthen the Group’s presence in the automotive component sector. With 
increasing demand for lightweight and precision-engineered components driven by fuel efficiency norms and 
EV adoption, the aluminium die-casting business is expected to witness strong long-term growth opportunities.
During the financial year under review, the Company continued to demonstrate strong operational 
performance and resilient growth, supported by improved demand conditions, enhanced manufacturing 
capabilities, customer diversification, and focus on quality and technological advancement. The Company’s 
consistent emphasis on operational efficiency, product development, and customer satisfaction has enabled it 
to achieve one of its best growth performances in recent years.
2. Industry Review
Industry Overview – Auto Component Industry
The Indian auto component industry continued to witness steady growth during FY 2025–26, supported by 
rising vehicle production, growing exports, increasing localization, and strong domestic automotive demand. 
The sector manufactures a wide range of products including engine bearings, transmission systems, 
aluminium die-casting parts, suspension and braking systems, EV components, and precision-engineered 
products catering to OEMs, aftermarket, and export markets.
The Indian auto component industry is estimated to cross US$ 95–100 billion in turnover during FY 2026–27, 
supported by robust domestic demand, rising exports, localisation initiatives, and increasing adoption of 
electric vehicles (EVs). Government support through Production Linked Incentive (PLI) schemes, FAME 
initiatives, vehicle scrappage policies, infrastructure development, and advanced manufacturing programs 
has further strengthened the sector’s growth momentum.
Demand for lightweight aluminium components, fuel-efficient systems, BS-VI compliant products, and 
advanced precision-engineered solutions continued to rise, particularly with  stricter emission norms. The 
aftermarket segment also remained strong due to rising vehicle population and longer ownership cycles.
The impact of global tariff movements and geopolitical uncertainties remained relatively limited on the Indian 
automotive sector due to localization efforts, GST rationalization, and stronger domestic supply chains. India 
continued attracting global sourcing opportunities under the “China Plus One” strategy as international OEMs 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D54
===== PAGE 57 =====
Automotive & Engineering Sector
The auto component industry, including engine bearings and aluminium die casting parts, continues to grow 
steadily, driven by strong OEM demand, rising exports, and increasing EV adoption. Growth is further 
supported by higher vehicle production and robust aftermarket demand.
Engine Bearings:
Demand remains linked to ICE vehicle production, especially in commercial vehicles, tractors, and two-
wheelers, along with steady aftermarket demand. 
Aluminium Die Casting:
Gaining momentum across both ICE and EV segments due to its lightweight and strength advantages, 
supporting fuel efficiency and emission reduction.
Engine Bearings
Menon Bearings Limited continues to maintain a strong position as a leading manufacturer of engine bearings 
serving OEMs, aftermarket, and export markets. While the automotive industry is gradually transitioning 
towards electric mobility, sustained demand from commercial vehicles, tractors, industrial engines, and 
gensets continues to provide stable business opportunities for the Company.
Increasing regulatory standards, including BS-VI norms and stringent export requirements, are driving 
demand for high-quality precision-engineered components, further strengthening the Company’s growth 
prospects and reinforcing its technological and manufacturing capabilities during FY 2025–26.
Aluminium Die Casting Components
Menon Alkop Limited, the wholly owned subsidiary company, continues to strengthen its presence in the 
aluminium die-casting segment, catering to the growing demand for lightweight and precision-engineered 
components. Increasing focus on fuel efficiency, emission reduction, and electric mobility has accelerated the 
adoption of aluminium components across automotive, EV, and hybrid vehicle platforms.
With strong in-house manufacturing capabilities, technological expertise, and an expanding customer base 
across OEMs and Tier-1 suppliers, the Company remains well-positioned to capitalize on emerging 
opportunities in the automotive and engineering sectors during FY 2025–26.
Asbestos free Brake Lining
Menon Brakes Limited is expanding its export footprint and strengthening its domestic aftermarket presence, 
with a dynamometer installation currently underway to secure railway approvals and OEM orders; following its 
commissioning, the company expects a significant turnover increase in FY 26–27.
3. Achievements - Menon Bearings Ltd.
Menon Bearings Limited achieved its highest-ever consolidated financial performance during FY 2025–26, 
with Revenue from Operations reaching Rs. 293.80 crore, EBITDA Rs. 65.21 crore, and Profit After Tax Rs. 
38.25 crore.
The Company strengthened its position across OEM, aftermarket, and export segments through continuous 
technology upgradation, capacity expansion, and product development. During the financial year, the 
Company expanded production capacities in Bi-Metal and Braking divisions, enhanced export presence 
across the globe, and continued development of high-value precision-engineered products.
The subsidiary, Menon Alkop Limited, continued to expand its aluminium die-casting capabilities and entered 
the EV segment through supply of components to global automotive platforms. The Company also 
strengthened sustainability initiatives through solar power systems, energy-efficient operations, and 
environment friendly manufacturing processes.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 55
===== PAGE 58 =====
Achievements - Menon Alkop Ltd.
During the financial year under review, the Company has achieved the following:
· Machining Capacity expanded by 40% to cater increased demand for existing as well as new 
business.
· Introduced high performance and productive processes.
· Utilisation of green energy to 30% extent.
· Achieved sustainability thru implementation of environment, health and safety standards.
Achievements Menon Brakes Limited
Menon Brakes Limited has fully deployed a CAPEX of Rs. 0.58 crore in FY26, with an additional Rs. 2.50 crore 
planned over the next two years, strategically aimed at supporting revenue growth in a highly competitive 
sector.
Strengths:
· High profile customer base with diversified product distribution.
· Preferred supplier to all current OEMs.
· All manufacturing facilities under one roof.
Opportunities:
· Growing demand for quality product manufacturer have resulted in higher number of RFQs for Menon 
Alkop Limited.
· Growing Global Automative sector is providing more opportunities.
Threats/Future challenges:
· Volatile raw material situation, particularly metals, poses cost pressure.
· Constantly increasing operational costs needs to be nullified.
4. Segment-wise or Product-wise Performance
Menon Bearings Limited operates across OEM, Aftermarket, and Export segments, supplying products such 
as engine bearings, bushes, thrust washers, strips, and aluminium die-casting components for various 
automotive and industrial applications and asbestos free brake pads. The Company continues to maintain a 
strong presence in the OEM segment by consistently upgrading its manufacturing capabilities, product quality, 
and technology to meet evolving industry requirements and stricter emission and performance standards.
During FY 2025–26, the automotive sector witnessed moderate growth in passenger vehicles, commercial 
vehicles, tractors, and export demand, supported by infrastructure development, logistics expansion, 
replacement demand, and increasing localization initiatives. Growing focus on fuel efficiency, BS-VI 
compliance, and lightweight engineering solutions also supported demand for precision-engineered auto 
components.
In line with these industry trends, the Company witnessed improved performance in both OEM and Export 
segments, while the Aftermarket segment remained stable due to sustained replacement demand and a 
growing vehicle base. The Company’s continuous focus on technology upgradation, cost optimization, quality 
enhancement, and customer diversification helped strengthen its market position across domestic as well as 
international markets.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D56
===== PAGE 59 =====
5. Road Ahead / Future Outlook
The Company remains focused on expanding capacities, strengthening exports, and increasing its presence 
in high-margin and technology-driven product segments. Planned investments in machining capacity, thrust 
washer production, and advanced manufacturing capabilities are expected to support future growth. 
The Company continues to explore opportunities in precision engineering products, railways, industrial 
applications, and export markets. Exports are expected to remain a key growth driver, supported by increasing 
global sourcing opportunities. The Company also aims to leverage its strong OEM relationships, integrated 
manufacturing capabilities, and diversified product portfolio to achieve sustainable long-term growth.
The rapid transition toward electric mobility is reshaping the industry landscape. While this shift may gradually 
impact demand for certain traditional components, it is simultaneously creating new opportunities in areas 
such as aluminium components, EV powertrain systems, and structural applications. Regulatory 
developments and safety initiatives are also expected to drive demand for technologically advanced and high-
performance components.
By the medium to long term, the Indian auto component industry is well-positioned to achieve substantial 
growth, supported by innovation, sustainability, and deeper integration into global automotive value chains.
The medium to long-term outlook remains positive:
• OEM production is expected to grow with increasing mobility demand and infrastructure-led rural 
development.
6. Opportunities and Threats
      Opportunities
· Growing demand from automotive, commercial vehicle, tractor, industrial engine, and aftermarket 
segments.
· Rising opportunities in lightweight aluminium components, and precision-engineered products.
· Government support through PLI schemes, FAME initiatives, Make in India, and localization policies.
· Expansion opportunities in railways, defence, oil & gas, industrial applications, and new technology 
segments.
· Strong growth potential in export markets including USA, Europe, Africa, and other international 
regions.
· Increasing demand for BS-VI compliant, fuel-efficient, and environmentally friendly components.
· Capacity expansion and development of high-margin, value-added products to support long-term 
growth.
· Strong OEM relationships, diversified customer base, and integrated manufacturing capabilities.
· Growing replacement demand supported by rising vehicle parc and longer vehicle ownership cycles. 
Threats
· Volatility in raw material prices, particularly metals and energy costs.
· Global geopolitical tensions, trade restrictions, and supply chain disruptions.
· Pricing pressure from OEMs and increasing customer expectations for cost optimization.
· Dependence on global economic conditions and international demand trends.
· Rapid technological advancements requiring continuous investments in R&D and manufacturing 
upgrades
7. Future Challenges
· Technological Adaptation: Keeping pace with rapid advancements in automotive technology, and 
smart mobility solutions. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 57
===== PAGE 60 =====
· Margin Pressure: Sustaining profitability amid rising raw material costs and competitive pricing in 
domestic and global markets. 
· Capacity & Workforce Management: Efficiently managing expansion plans while ensuring 
availability of skilled labor and technical expertise. 
· Regulatory Compliance: Meeting evolving emission norms, environmental standards, and safety 
regulations. 
· R&D Investment: Continuous investment in research, engineering, and technology for next-
generation, high-performance components. 
· Aluminium Casting Scale-Up: Expanding aluminium die casting operations without compromising 
quality, precision, or delivery timelines. 
· Talent Retention: Attracting and retaining skilled manpower, especially in Tier-II cities such as 
Kolhapur, to support growth and innovation initiatives.
8.  Risks and Concerns
   The Board of Directors continuously monitors both internal and external risks impacting the Company’s 
operations. Regular impact assessments are conducted, and mitigation strategies are implemented to 
manage operational, financial, regulatory, and market-related risks. Comprehensive risk reporting ensures 
timely identification, evaluation, and proactive management, enabling the Company to safeguard growth, 
profitability, and stakeholder interests.
9.  Internal Control Systems and Their Adequacy
    Menon Bearings Limited has established a robust internal control and audit framework to ensure reliable 
financial reporting, safeguard company assets, and promote ethical and fair management practices. The 
internal control systems are designed to prevent fraud, misuse of resources, and protect shareholders’ 
interests, while ensuring compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and company policies.
     The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, in coordination with Internal and Statutory Auditors, regularly 
reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of these systems. Based on the Committee’s recommendations, 
an Annual Audit Plan (AAP) is prepared and periodically reviewed by top management.  
   Internal audits focus on both compliance and the robustness of business processes. Feedback on non-
conformities, along with recommendations for process improvements, is provided directly to top 
management. Follow-up on audit findings and tracking of process improvements are carried out regularly to 
ensure continuous enhancement of operational and financial controls.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D58
===== PAGE 61 =====
10.  DISCUSSION ON FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE WITH RESPECT TO OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE: 
PAT
(INR in Lakh)
Financial
Year
2453.38
3260.18
2435.50
2493.45
3825.14
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Financial Performance:
 
Income
(INR in Lakh)
19800.38
21986.34
21442.27
24377.50
30024.35
Financial
Year
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
PBT
(INR in Lakh)
Financial
Year
3235.14
4250.78
3313.92
3384.30
5014.89
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
EPS
( INR )
 
Year
Financial
4.38
5.82
4.35
4.45
6.83
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Income (INR in Lakh)
    
    
    
    
          0
15000
2022 2023 2024 2025
10000
20000
5000
    
    25000
2026
30000
   
Proﬁt Before Tax (INR in Lakh)   
    
    
   
    
2000
1000
0
3000
4000
  
   
5000
      2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
6000
Proﬁt After Tax (INR in Lakh)
   
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
1500.00
1000.00
500.00
2000.00
2500.00
          2022 2023 2024 2025
3000.00
3500.00
2026
4000.00
Earnings Per Share (INR in Lakh)
    
 
   
 
   
 
   
     
    
2
1
0
3
4
 
   
 
   
   5
          2022 2023 2024 2025
   
    
6
2026
7
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 59
===== PAGE 62 =====
11. Material Developments in Human Resources / Industrial Relations Front, Including Number of 
People Employed
Menon Bearings Limited continues to recognize its employees as its greatest strength, fostering a culture of 
excellence and teamwork through its ‘WE’ approach. The Company focuses on aligning individual growth with 
organizational objectives, ensuring high-quality outcomes for customers and stakeholders.
As of March 31, 2026, the Company employed 219 permanent staff members. Employees across 
manufacturing and operational functions actively participate in initiatives aimed at improving efficiency, 
including reducing raw material wastage, optimizing automation and energy consumption, minimizing setup 
times, enhancing packaging safety, accelerating new product development, and increasing yields. These 
efforts have contributed positively to both operational performance and profitability.
The Company maintains a strong global presence, operating across the globe, with exports accounting for 
approximately 35% of production, thereby strengthening brand equity and reinforcing relationships with 
leading OEMs worldwide.
12. Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this report relating to future growth, expansion plans, business outlook, market 
opportunities, and financial performance of Menon Bearings Limited are forward-looking statements based on 
current expectations, assumptions, and industry trends. Actual results may differ materially due to factors such 
as economic conditions, raw material price fluctuations, regulatory changes, technological developments, 
foreign exchange movements, geopolitical uncertainties, and changes in market demand. The Company 
undertakes no obligation to revise or update these statements based on future events or developments.
13. Details of Significant Changes in Key Financial Ratios
Pursuant to the requirements of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, the Company has disclosed significant changes, if any, in key financial ratios for FY 2025–26 as 
compared to FY 2024–25. The details of such ratios and explanations for changes exceeding the prescribed 
threshold are provided in the Financial Statements and related notes forming part of the Annual Report of 
Menon Bearings Limited:
14. Details of any change in Return on Net Worth as compared to the immediately previous financial 
year along with a detailed explanation thereof:
Return on Net Worth in the financial year 2025-26 is 22.25 % as compared to 16.43 % in the immediately 
preceding financial year 2024-25. During the financial year under review, return on Net Worth increased by 
35.37% as compared to the immediately preceding financial year, mainly because of separation of Aluminium 
Division (Alkop) from Menon Bearings Limited.
Debtors Turnover 
Inventory Turnover 
Ratios
Interest Coverage Ratio 
Current Ratio  
Debt Equity Ratio 
 Operating Profit Margin (%)
Net Profit Margin (%)
2025-26
3.88
7.84
10.87
2.51
0.25
16.70
12.74
% change
(6.27)
2.71
8.74
1.79
(6.60)
20.31
24.56
2024-25
4.14
7.64
10.00
2.46
0.26
13.88
10.23
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D60
===== PAGE 63 =====
Report on Corporate Governance
[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015] 
1. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
 
1.1    Company's philosophy on Corporate Governance
At Menon Bearings Limited, Corporate Governance is more than a compliance framework, it is a fundamental 
value that has shaped the Company’s journey from the very beginning. Grounded in integrity, ethical 
leadership, and transparency, our governance approach reflects a deep and enduring commitment to 
responsible and sustainable business conduct. We believe true Corporate Governance arises from a balance 
of exemplary management practices, full compliance with the law, and unwavering dedication to high 
standards of ethics, openness, and accountability.
The Board of Directors and the management team foster an environment where fairness, ethical conduct, and 
transparency define all operations and decisions. This ensures long-term value creation while safeguarding 
the interests of all stakeholders. Our core value, employee empowerment, integrity, environmental 
responsibility, and inclusive decision-making remain the foundation of our culture. They guide how we operate, 
shape our strategic priorities, and reinforce our commitment to sustainable and responsible growth. We place 
strong emphasis on the safety of our employees and communities, maintain a pollution-free and clean 
environment, and uphold ethical practices in every aspect of our business.
These enduring principles have propelled Menon Bearings Limited toward consistent growth and established 
our reputation as a trusted and principled organization. This report sets out the details of Corporate 
Governance implementation by the Company, aligned with the requirements under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”), and demonstrates our continued dedication to excellence in governance and stakeholder trust.
1.2     Governance Structure
Menon Bearings Limited’s governance framework is built on the principle of granting appropriate autonomy to 
the executive management, while ensuring that their powers are exercised with diligence and responsibility. 
This approach is designed to meet the expectations of all stakeholders by fostering accountability and ethical 
leadership within a structured system. In alignment with this principle, the Company has established a three-
tier Corporate Governance structure as follows:
 
(i) Board of Directors: The Board plays a crucial role in protecting stakeholders' interests and creating long-
term value. It is responsible for the Company’s strategic direction and overall control, which includes setting 
goals and targets, formulating policies, establishing reporting mechanisms, and defining accountability and 
decision-making processes.
(ii) Committees of Directors: Several dedicated committees have been constituted, viz. Audit Committee, 
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and the Corporate Social 
Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee. These Committees focus on key governance areas such as financial 
reporting, audit, internal controls, regulatory compliance, the risk management framework, and shareholders’ 
related matters. appointment and remuneration of director and senior management, implementation and 
monitoring of CSR activities. 
(iii) Executive Management: The Company’s day-to-day operations and support services are handled by the 
executive management, which operates under specifically assigned roles and delegated authority across 
different levels. This ensures efficiency, accountability, and alignment with the strategic goals set by the Board.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 61
===== PAGE 64 =====
2.       BOARD OF DIRECTORS
2.1     Composition
The Company has a balanced and diverse Board of Directors, which comprises of experienced, competent 
and highly renowned persons from the fields of manufacturing, finance, taxation, economics, law, governance, 
etc. The Board of Directors, along with its Committees, provide leadership and guidance to the management 
and directs and supervises the performance of the Company, thereby enhancing stakeholders' value. The 
Board represents an optimal mix of professionalism, knowledge and experience and has been vested with 
requisite powers, authorities and duties. The Board plays an imperative role in the management, strategic 
directions and performance of the Company. 
The directors take active participation in the Board and Committee meetings by providing valuable guidance to 
the management on various aspects of business, policy direction, governance, compliances, etc. and play 
critical role on strategic issues, which enhances transparency and add value in the decision making process of 
the Company.
The composition of the Board complies with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the Listing 
st
Regulations. As on 31  March, 2026, the total strength of the Board comprised of 5 directors having 2 Executive 
Directors and 3 Non-Executive Independent Directors, including 1 Women Director.
The directors are appointed or re-appointed with the approval of the shareholders and shall remain in office as 
per their terms of appointment.
2.2     Meetings, Agenda and Proceedings etc. of the Board of Directors:
The Board generally meets 4 (four) times during a financial year. Additional meetings are held as and when 
necessary. The directors are also given option of attending the Board meetings through Video Conferencing. 
th th
During the financial year 2025-26, the Board of Directors duly met 5 (five) times on 15  May, 2025, 25  July, 
th th rd
2025, 28  October, 2025, 15  January, 2026 and 3  March, 2026. The gap between two board meetings did not 
exceed one hundred and twenty days. The previous Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company was 
th
held on 28  August, 2025. 
The attendance records of the directors at the Board meetings and at previous AGM of the Company, number 
of directorships held in other companies and chairmanship / membership in committees are as under:
Mr. R. D. Dixit Managing Director
rd
Director (till 3  March,  
2026) 
NA52.
1.
Board
Meetings
No
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director    
No. of
Director-
ships in other 
Companies
Attendance
Last
AGM
Category
NA
Chairman
NA
No. of Committee 
positions held in 
other Companies
Member-
ship
st
As on  31  March, 2026
32 No -Mr. Nitin Menon Promoter, Executive 
Chairman 
Disclosure of 
relationship 
between 
Directors inter se
Not Related
-
No. of 
Shares 
held
Nil
1,54,43,454
3.   Mr. Arun Aradhye Managing Director 35 - - Not Related 6,663
Not Related
Yes
No. of 
Board 
meetings 
held 
5
5
5
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D62
===== PAGE 65 =====
st 
2.3     Details of directorships including the category of directorships in listed entities as on 31 March, 2026: 
2.4   Profile of directors:
All the directors are professionals with erudition and experience in their respective areas and fields and corporate 
management practices. The brief profile of the directors is given below:
1. Mr. Nitin Menon (DIN: 00692754) aged 58 years, is Promoter and Executive Chairman of the Company. He has 
been associated with the Company since inception. He is an industrialist and has rich and varied experience in 
automobile sector. He is also engaged in the field of hospitality, agriculture and allied services thereof.
Board
Meetings
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director    
No. of
Director-
ships in other 
Companies
Attendance
Last
AGM
Category
Chairman
No. of Committee 
positions held in 
other Companies
Member-
ship
st
As on  31  March, 2026 Disclosure of 
relationship 
between 
Directors inter se
No. of 
Shares 
held
No. of 
Board 
meetings 
held 
4.   Yes NA5Independent, Non- 
Executive Director
st
(till 1  October, 2025)
Not Related NilNA NAMr. M. L. Shinde 
5.   Independent, Non- 
Executive Director -5 -Yes -Mrs. Kailash 
Nevagi
Not Related Nil
6.   Independent, Non- 
Executive Director
-5 -Yes -Dr. Santosh 
Prabhu Not Related Nil
2
4
5
7.   
Independent, Non- 
Executive Director
st
(w.e.f. 1  October, 2025)
35 -No -Nandan Borgalkar Not Related Nil3
rd
*Mr. Arun Aradhye was acting as Whole Time Director & CFO up to 3  March, 2026 and has been appointed as 
th
Managing Director w.e.f. 4  March, 2026.
Notes:
1.  The directorships held by the directors and the number of Committee positions held in other companies as 
mentioned above does not include Private Limited companies, Foreign companies, high debt listed companies
and companies registered under Section 8 of the Act.
2.  Membership / Chairpersonship of Board Committees includes only Audit Committee and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee in all public limited companies as provided under Regulation 26(1)(b) of the Listing 
Regulations and membership includes positions as Chairperson of the committees.
Sr. 
No. Name of Directors    Name Category of Directorship
Mr. Nitin Menon
3.   
Mr. Arun Aradhye
1.
2.
Menon Bearings Limited Executive Chairman
Menon Bearings  Limited Managing Director
Dr. Santosh Prabhu Menon Bearings Limited4.
5.
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi Menon Bearings  Limited Independent, Non-Executive Director
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Mr. Nandan Borgalkar Menon Bearings  Limited Independent, Non-Executive Director
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 63
===== PAGE 66 =====
2. Mr. Arun Aradhye (DIN: 03052587) aged 70 years, was Whole Time Director and CFO of the Company 
st th
since 31  January, 2019, and is appointed as Managing Director w.e.f. 4  March, 2026.  He has been 
associated with the Company for more than 15 years. He holds an M.Com and LL.B. (Special) degree. He 
has an extensive background and vast experience of more than 50 years in various fields like banking, 
finance, insurance, transport, tourism, tele-communication, manufacturing, industry etc. 
th
3. Mrs. Kailash Nevagi (DIN: 03011076) aged 66 years, is Independent Director of the Company since 16  
April, 2018. She did her post- graduation in Commerce followed by MBA and graduation in Law. She is an 
active, ambitious and multi-faceted personality leading a team of lawyers as a Partner and Director at 
Abhay Nevagi and Associates. She has more than 33 years of rich experience in every domain of law, 
ranging from family matters to cybercrime.
4. Mr. Dr. Santosh Prabhu (DIN: 00506595) aged 66 years, is Independent Director of the Company since 
th 
24 October, 2018. He is a renowned Neurological and Spinal Surgeon, is director at Neurological Surgery 
at Western India Institute of Neurosciences (WIINS), Kolhapur. He is M.S., M.Ch. (Medical Professional). 
He has vast experience in medical field. He is a member of many international bodies like World 
Federation of Neurosurgeon etc. 
5. Mr. Nandan Borgalkar (DIN: 07322278) aged 64 years, is appointed as Independent Director of the 
st
Company with effect from 1  October, 2025. He has over 40 years of rich and diverse experience in the 
logistics, supply chain, and transport sectors. Throughout his distinguished career, he has held senior 
leadership roles such as CEO, Executive Director, and consulting director at reputed organizations 
including VRL Logistics, Kesineni Cargo, MRC Logistics, and MSN Trans Logi Solutions.
2.5     Separate meeting of Independent Directors:
As stipulated under the Code of Independent Directors under Schedule IV of the Act and Regulation 25 of the 
th
Listing Regulations, a separate meeting of the Independent Directors of the Company was held on 15  
January, 2026 without presence of Non-Independent Directors and members of the management to consider 
the following:
i.      Performance of Non-Independent Directors and the Board as a whole;
ii.    Performance of the Chairman of the Company, taking into account the views of Executive Directors and 
Non-Executive Directors; and
iii.    Assessing the quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of information between the Company management 
and the Board that is necessary for the Board to effectively and reasonably perform their duties.
The Independent Directors expressed satisfaction over the performance of Non-Independent Directors and 
the Board as a whole. The Independent Directors were also satisfied with the quality, quantity and timeliness of 
flow of information between the Company management and the Board.
2.6 Familiarization Program for Independent Directors
The Independent Directors have been familiarized with the Company, their roles and responsibilities in the 
Company, nature of the industry in which the Company operates, business model of the Company etc. During 
the financial year 2025-26, Independent Directors were taken through various aspects of the Company's 
business and operations. The details of familiarization programs imparted to the Independent Directors during 
the financial year 2025-26 are placed on the website of the Company at -https://menonbearings.in/corporate-
governance.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D64
===== PAGE 67 =====
Diversity 
Financial Expertise
Global Business 
Acumen
Strategic and 
Organizational 
Leadership
The Board embodies a broad representation of gender, cultural, ethical, and 
geographic diversity, enriching strategic dialogue with multifaceted 
perspectives and enabling deeper insight into the needs of customers, 
employees, partners, regulators, and communities worldwide.
Leadership in management of finance function of an enterprise, resulting in 
proficiency in complex financial management, capital allocation, and 
financial reporting process, or experience in actively supervising 
accountant, auditor or person performing financial functions.
Experience in driving business success in markets around the world, with an 
understanding of diverse business environments, economic conditions, 
cultures, and regulatory frameworks, and board perspective on global 
market opportunities.
Extended leadership experience for a significant enterprise, resulting in a 
practical understanding of organizations, processes, strategic planning, and 
risk management. Strengths in developing talent, planning succession, and 
driving change and long-term growth.
Technology and 
Innovation Oversight
Significant background in technology, resulting in knowledge of how to 
anticipate technological trends, generates disruptive innovation, and 
extends or create new business model.
Service on a public company board to develop insights about maintaining 
board and management accountability, protecting shareholder interests, 
and observing appropriate governance practices.
Experience in developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build 
brand awareness and equity and enhance enterprise reputation..
Board Services and 
Governance
Sales and Marketing
2.7     Key Board Qualifications, Expertise and Attributes:
At Menon Bearings Limited, the Board composition reflects a thoughtful blend of competencies, experience, 
expertise and diversity aligned with the Company’s long-term strategic objectives and stakeholders’ 
expectations that allow them to make effective contributions at the Board and its Committees’ meetings. The 
following matrix outlines key dimensions of Board expertise that support effective oversight and sustainable 
value creation:
The table below summarizes the key qualifications, skills, and attributes which are taken into consideration 
while nominating candidates to serve on the Board:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 65
===== PAGE 68 =====
   * Gender, Ethnicity, Nationality, and Other
Details of the specific areas of focus or expertise of individual Board members are given in below table:
2.8     Agenda:
All the meetings are conducted as per well designed and structured agenda complying with the provisions of 
Secretarial Standard-1 on “Meetings of the Board of Directors”, issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India (“ICSI”). All the agenda items are backed by necessary supporting information and documents (except 
for the critical price sensitive information, which are circulated during the meetings) to enable the Board to take 
informed decisions. Agenda also includes minutes of the previous Board and Committee meetings for the 
information of the Board. Agenda papers are circulated 7 (seven) days before the meetings. In case of any 
business exigencies, meetings are called and convened at shorter notice or the resolutions are passed 
through circulation and later placed in the subsequent meeting.
Compliance Framework: The Company has a robust and effective framework for monitoring compliances 
with applicable laws within the organization and providing updates to senior management and the Board on a 
periodic basis. The Audit Committee and the Board periodically review the status of the compliances with the 
applicable laws.
2.9     Confirmation by the Board: 
The Board of Directors of the Company confirms that the Independent Directors of the Company fulfil the 
conditions as specified in Section 149(6) of the Act and Regulation 16(1)(b) of the Listing Regulations and are 
independent of the management.
Further, all the Independent Directors of the Company have affirmed compliance with Rule 6(3) of the 
Companies (Appointment and Qualifications of Directors) Rules, 2014, regarding enrolment in the data bank 
for Independent Directors.
Directors Financial Diversity* Global
Business
Leadership Technology Board
Service and
Governance
Sales and 
Marketing
Mr. Nitin Menon
(Executive Chairman)
Mr. R. D. Dixit
(Managing Director)
Mr. Arun Aradhye
(Managing Director)
Mr. M. L. Shinde
(Independent Director)
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi
(Independent Director)
Dr. Santosh Prabhu
(Independent Director)
√
√
√
√
√ √√
√ √√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√ √
√ √
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√
√ √
-
Mr. Nandan Dattatraya 
Borgalkar
(Independent Director) 
√ √√ √ √ √√
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D66
===== PAGE 69 =====
2.10   Detailed reasons for the resignation of Independent Director:
During the financial year 2025-26, Mr. M. L. Shinde (DIN: 07417527) resigned from the office of Independent 
st
Director of the Company with effect from 1  October, 2025 due to personal and unavoidable circumstances. 
Further, he has confirmed that there are no other material reasons for his resignation. 
The Board places on record its sincere appreciation for his valuable contributions during his tenure. 
2.11   Code of Conduct:
The Board of Directors has laid down a Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors (including independent 
directors) and senior management (“the Code”) of the Company. The Code covers Company's commitment to 
honest and ethical personal conduct, fair competition, corporate social responsibility, sustainable 
environment, health and safety, transparency and compliance of laws and regulations etc. All the Board 
members and senior management personnel have confirmed compliance with the Code. A declaration by Mr. 
Arun Aradhye, Managing Director of the Company affirming the compliance of the same during the financial 
year 2025-26 by the members of the Board and Senior Management Personnel, as applicable to them, forms 
part of this Report.
2.12   Prevention of Insider Trading Code:
As per the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, the 
Company has adopted Code of Conduct for Regulating, Monitoring and Reporting of trading by Designated 
Persons and their Immediate Relatives and Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information. All the directors, designated persons and third parties such as 
auditors, consultants etc. who could have access to the unpublished price sensitive information of the 
Company are governed by these Codes. The trading window was closed during the time of declaration of 
results and occurrence of any material events as per the applicable regulations. Mr. Arun Aradhye, Managing 
Director of the Company, is the Compliance Officer under the Code and is responsible for setting forth 
procedures and implementation of the Code for trading in Company's securities. 
3.       AUDIT COMMITTEE
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations, the Board of 
Directors has duly constituted the Audit Committee. Majority of the members of the Committee are 
Independent Directors including the Chairperson of the Committee. 
The Audit Committee of the Company reviews the financial statements to be submitted with the Board of 
Directors with respect to auditing and accounting matters, reviews reports of the Statutory, Internal and Cost 
Auditors. It also supervises the Company's internal control and financial reporting process.
3.1     Brief description of terms of reference:
The terms of reference of the Audit Committee broadly include i) review of financial reporting processes; (ii) 
review of risk management, internal financial controls and governance processes; (iii) discussions on 
quarterly, half yearly and annual financial statements; (iv) interaction with Statutory, Internal and Cost Auditors; 
(v) recommendation for appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment of Auditors; and (vi) risk 
management framework concerning the critical operations of the Company.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 67
===== PAGE 70 =====
Name of the Members No. of meetingsCategory
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Mr. M. L. Shinde
1
Independent, Non-Executive Director
4
Held Attended
4
4 2
Sr. 
No.
1.
2.
3.
4. Dr. Santosh Prabhu
Status
Mr. R. D. Dixit
2 Managing Director 44Member
Chairman
Member
Independent, Non-Executive Director 4ChairpersonMrs. Kailash Nevagi
3
3
The Audit Committee also reviews the following:
       Matters to be included in the Directors' Responsibility Statement;
       Changes, if any, in the accounting policies and practices;
· Major accounting entries involving estimates and significant adjustments in financial statements;
· Compliance with listing and other legal requirements concerning financial statements;
· Disclosures in financial statements including related party transactions;
· Management's Discussions and Analysis of Company's operations;
· Valuation of undertakings or assets of the Company, wherever it is necessary;
· Periodical review of Internal Audit Reports;
· Findings of any special investigations carried out by the Internal Auditors;
· Findings of Statutory Auditors to management on internal control weakness, if any;
· Major non routine transactions recorded in the financial statements involving exercise of judgment by the  
management;
· Recommend to the Board the appointment, re-appointment and, if required the replacement or removal of 
Statutory Auditors considering their independence and effectiveness and recommend the audit fees; and
· Review the functioning of the vigil mechanism.
In addition to the above, the role of the Audit Committee is as laid down under Regulation 18(3) read with 
Schedule II Part C of the Listing Regulations read with Section 177 of the Act.
3.2     Composition:
st 
As on 31 March, 2026, the Audit Committee comprised Mrs. Kailash Nevagi, Mr. Arun Aradhye, Mr. Nandan 
Borgalkar and Dr. Santosh Prabhu as its members. Mrs. Kailash Nevagi, Non-executive Independent Director 
of the Company is Chairperson of the Committee. Mr. M. L. Shinde (DIN: 07417527) was the Chairman of the 
Audit Committee, who ceased to be Chairman and member of the Committee upon resignation from the office of 
st
Independent Director of the Company with effect from 1  October, 2025. Mr. M. L. Shinde the then Chairman of 
th th 
the Audit Committee was present at the 34  Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 28 August, 2025. 
Upon his resignation, Mrs. Kailash Nevagi was appointed as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee.
All the members of the Audit Committee are financially literate, possess sound knowledge on accounts, audit, 
finance, taxation, internal controls, etc. and have related financial management expertise by virtue of their 
comparable experience and background. The partners / authorised representatives of Statutory Auditors and 
Internal Auditors are invited to the meetings of the Audit Committee, as and when required.
The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company acts as Secretary to the Committee. 
3.3     Meetings and attendance:
th th
During the financial year 2025-26, the Audit Committee duly met 4 (four) times on 15 May, 2025, 25  July, 2025, 
th th
28  October, 2025 and 15  January, 2026. The gap between two Committee meetings did not exceed one 
hundred and twenty days. The attendance at the Committee meetings was as follows:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D68
===== PAGE 71 =====
Note:
st
1. Ceased to be Chairman and member of the Committee with effect from 1  October, 2025 upon 
resignation from the office of Independent Director of the Company. 
rd
2. Ceased to be member of the Committee with effect from 3  March, 2026 upon resignation from the 
office of Director of the Company. 
st
3. Appointed as Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. 1  October, 2025.
rd
4. Appointed as member of the Committee w.e.f. 3  March, 2026.
4. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 19 of the Listing Regulations, the Board of 
Directors has duly constituted the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, inter alia, recommends the appointment / re-appointment of directors, key and 
senior management personnel of the Company, and remuneration payable to them. 
4.1     Brief description of terms of reference:
The Committee is empowered to:
· Formulate criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of directors and 
evaluating the performance of Independent Directors and the Board of Directors;
· Evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such evaluation, 
prepare description of the role and capabilities required for every appointment of an independent director 
and the person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall have the 
capabilities identified in such description;
 
· Identify and access potential individuals with respect to their expertise, skills, attributes, personal and 
professional standing for appointment and re-appointment as directors / Independent Directors on the 
Board and as Key Managerial Personnel;
 
· Formulate policy relating to remuneration of directors and the senior management Personnel of the 
Company. The Remuneration Policy is available on the website of the Company at: 
https://menonbearings.in/corporate-governace   
 
· Determine terms and conditions for appointment of Independent Directors. The same is also available on 
the website of the Company at: https://menonbearings.in/corporate-governace   
In addition to the above, the role of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is as laid down under 
Regulation 19(4) read with Schedule II Part D Para A of the Listing Regulations read with Section 178 of the Act.
Name of the Members No. of meetingsCategory
Mr. Nandan Borgalkar Independent, Non-Executive Director
Held Attended
4 2
Sr. 
No.
5.
6.
Status
Member
Managing Director 4Member
4
Mr. Arun Aradhye NA
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 69
===== PAGE 72 =====
Mr. M. L. Shinde
1
Independent, Non-Executive Director 2 11.
2.
3.
Chairman
Independent, Non-Executive Director 22Mrs. Kailash Nevagi Member
Independent, Non-Executive Director 22Dr. Santosh Prabhu
2
Chairman
Name of the Members No. of MeetingsCategory
Held Attended
Sr. 
No.
Status
Note: 
st
1.     Ceased to be Chairman and member of the Committee with effect from 1  October, 2025 upon resignation 
from the office of Independent Director of the Company. 
st
2. Appointed as Chairperson of the Committee w.e.f. 1  October, 2025.
st
3. Appointed as member of the Committee w.e.f. 1  October, 2025.
4.4     Performance evaluation criteria of Independent Directors:
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 17(10) of the Listing Regulations, the Board 
of Directors of the Company has evaluated the performance of each Independent Director and fulfilment of the 
independence criteria as specified in the Listing Regulations and their independence from the management. 
 
The evaluation framework for assessing the performance of Independent Directors comprises of the following 
key areas:
· Attendance at Board and Committee meetings;
· Quality of contribution to Board deliberations;
· Contribution to the development of strategies and Risk Assessment and Management; and
· Overall interaction with other members of the Board.
5.      STAKEHOLDERS' RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 178 of the Act and Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulations, 2015, the 
Board of Directors has duly constituted the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee. The Committee is 
empowered to oversee the redressal of investors' complaints including complaints related to share transfer / 
transmission / demat / remat of shares, non-receipt of annual reports, dividend payments, issue of duplicate 
share certificates, and other miscellaneous complaints. This Committee is responsible for the satisfactory 
redressal of investors' complaints and recommends measures for overall improvement in the quality of investor 
services.
In addition to the above, the role of the Stakeholders' Relationship Committee is as laid down under Regulation 
20(4) read with Schedule II Part D Para B of the Listing Regulations read with Section 178 of the Act.
4.2    Composition:
st 
As on 31 March, 2026, the Committee comprised of Mr. Nandan Borgalkar, Mrs. Kailash Nevagi and Dr. 
Santosh Prabhu as its members. Dr. Santosh Prabhu, Non-Executive - Independent Director is Chairman of the 
th th
Committee.  He was present at the 34  AGM of the Company held on 28  August, 2025.
The Company Secretary and Compliance Ofﬁcer of the Company acts as Secretary to the Committee.
4.3     Meetings and attendance:
th 
During the ﬁnancial year 2025-26, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee duly met 2 (two) times  on 25
rd
July, 2025 and 3  March, 2026. The attendance at the Committee meetings was as follows:
Independent, Non-Executive Director 123.
3
Mr. Nandan Borgalkar Member
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D70
===== PAGE 73 =====
Opening balance at the beginning of the year Nil
Received during the year 03
03Disposed during the year
Closing balance at the end of the year Nil
Name and contact details of Compliance Officer Mr. Siddheshwar Kadane 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Tel: 0231-2672279
E-mail id for correspondence
Menon Bearings Limited
G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur - 416234,
Maharashtra, India.
Registered Office
admin@menonbearings.in
Name of the Members No. of MeetingsCategory
Held Attended
Sr. 
No.
Status
Independent, Non-Executive Director
Managing Director 44
4 4
Mr. Nitin Menon
1.
2.
3.
1
Mr. R. D. Dixit
Chairman
Member
Executive Chairman
Dr. Santosh Prabhu
14Member
5.1     Composition:
st 
As on 31 March, 2026, the Committee comprised of Dr. Santosh Prabhu, Mr. Nitin Menon and Mr. Arun 
Aradhye as its members. Dr. Santosh Prabhu, Non-Executive - Independent Director is Chairman of the 
th th
Committee. He was present at the 34 AGM of the Company held on 28  August, 2025.  
The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company acts as Secretary to the Committee. 
5.2     Meetings and attendance:
During the financial year under review, the Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee duly met 4 (four) times on 
th th th th
15  May, 2025, 25  July, 2025, 28  October 2025, and 15  January, 2026. The attendance at the Committee 
meetings was as follows:
5.3     Other details:
B. Status of investors' complaints handled by the Company and its Registrar and Share Transfer 
     Agent during the financial year 2025-26 are as under:
th
Managing Director (w.e.f. 4  march, 2026) NA44. Mr. Arun Aradhye Member
Note: 
rd
1.    Ceased to be member of the Committee with effect from 3  March, 2026 upon resignation from the 
      ofﬁce of Director of the Company.
th
2.  Appointed as member of the committee with effect from 4  March, 2026.
A.   Details of Compliance officer of the Company:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 71
===== PAGE 74 =====
6.   CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE:
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 135 of the Act, the Board of Directors has duly constituted the Corporate 
Social Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee.
6.1     Brief description of terms of reference: 
· To frame the CSR Policy and CSR Annual Plan and its review from time-to-time;
· To ensure effective implementation and monitoring of the CSR activities as per the approved policy, plans 
and budget; and
· To ensure compliance with the laws, rules and regulations governing the CSR and to periodically report to 
the Board of Directors. 
6.2    Composition:
st
As on 31  March, 2026, the Committee comprised of Mr. Nitin Menon, Mr. Nandan Borgalkar, Mr. Arun Aradhye 
and Dr. Santosh Prabhu as its members. Mr. Nitin Menon,  Executive Chairman of the Company is Chairman of 
the Committee.
The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company acts as Secretary to the Committee. 
6.3     Meetings and attendance:
th th
During the financial year under review, the Committee duly met 2 (two) times on 15  May, 2025 and 28  October 
2025. The attendance at the Committee meetings was as follows:
Note:
rd
1.  Ceased to be member of the Committee with effect from 3  March, 2026 upon resignation as Director of the 
Company. 
st
2.  Appointed as member of the Committee w.e.f. 1  October, 2025.
st 
3. Ceased to be member of the Committee with effect from 1 October, 2025 upon resignation from the 
office of Independent Director of the Company.
7.   RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE :
During the financial year 2025-26, the Company was not required to constitute Risk Management Committee 
under Regulation 21 of the Listing Regulations.     
1
Mr. R. D. Dixit
Name of the Member No. of MeetingsCategory
Managing Director
Mr. Nitin Menon Executive Chairman
2
2
Held Attended
2
2
2 -
Sr. 
No.
1.
2.
3.
th 
Managing Director (w.e.f. 4 march, 2026)Mr. Arun Aradhye
4.
25.
Status
Member
Chairman
Member
Mr. Nandan Borgalkar
 2
Independent, Non-Executive Director 12Member
Independent, Non-Executive Director 2Dr. Santosh Prabhu Member
6.
3
Mr. M. L. Shinde Independent, Non-Executive Director 12Member
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D72
===== PAGE 75 =====
8.       REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS:
8.1     The Non-Executive Directors had no pecuniary relationship or transactions with the Company during 
the financial year 2025-26.
8.2    Non-Executive Directors did not draw any remuneration from the Company. Sitting Fees to Non-
Executive Independent Directors are being paid at the rate of Rs. 5,000/- for each meeting of the 
Board attended by them.
8.3   Details of remuneration / sitting fees paid during the financial year 2025-26 are as follows: 
Notes:
i.     The above details of remuneration or fees paid include all elements of remuneration package of individual 
director summarized under major groups.
ii.   Apart from the above-mentioned remuneration or fees paid, there are no other fixed components or 
performance linked incentives based on the performance criteria.
iii.   The Company has entered into contract with Mr. Arun Aradhye, Managing Director of the Company. The 
tenure of office of the Managing Director and Whole Time / Executive Directors is for five years from their 
respective dates of appointment and can be terminated by either party by giving three months’ notice in 
writing. There is no separate provision for payment of severance fees.
iv.    No stock options are offered to any of the directors of the Company.
9.   Details of Senior Management Personnel (SMP)
(Rs. in Lakh)
Name of the Directors Salary Contribution
to Provident 
Fund
Other
Perquisites
Sitting 
Fees
Total
Mr.  Nitin Menon 160.81 7.95    - - 168.76
Mr. R. D. Dixit  45.66  4.27 -
91.42
- -
          4.84
-
-
0.10
-
Mr. M. L. Shinde
- 49.93
96.26
0.10
Mr.  Arun Aradhye
- - - 0.20 0.20
- - - 0.25
Mrs. Kailash Nevagi
Dr. Santosh Prabhu 0.25
- - - 0.15Mr. Nandan Borgalkar 0.15
Sr. No. DesignationName of SMP Changes since the close of 
previous financial year
2 -Prashant Dattatraya Hanamar Deputy General Manager
1 -Shantaram Bapu Dhond General Manager
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 73
===== PAGE 76 =====
10.    GENERAL BODY MEETINGS
10.1   Annual General Meetings:
The details of location, time and venue of last 3 Annual General Meetings held are as under:
Financial Year LocationDate Time
2023-24 11:00 A.M. 
th
6  September, 2024 Through Video Conferencing 
2022-23
th
27  July, 2023 11:00 A.M. Through Video Conferencing 
2024-25 11:00 A.M. 
th
28  August, 2025 Through Video Conferencing 
10.2  Details of Special Resolutions passed in the previous three Annual General Meetings:
Date of AGM Description of Resolution 
th
6  September, 
2024
No Special Resolution passed.
th
27  July, 2023 1. Re-appointment of Mr. Arun Aradhye as Whole Time Director of the Company;
2. Re- appointment of Dr. Santosh Prabhu as Independent Director of the Company.
th
28  August 
2025
1. Appointment of Mr. Nandan Dattatray Borgalkar as an Independent Director of the 
Company;
2. Approval of remuneration payable to Mr. Nitin Menon, Executive Chairman of the 
Company.
10.3  Postal Ballot :
rd
The Board of Directors in its meeting held on 3  March, 2026 approved to seek Company’s members approval 
for appointment of Mr. Arun Aradhye, Whole-Time Director and CFO as Managing Director of the Company 
through Postal Ballot process.The Postal Ballot process conducted in the financial year 2026-27, hence details 
thereof are not provided here.
th
None of the business proposed to be transacted at the ensuing 35  AGM of the Company scheduled to be held 
th
on 6  August, 2026 requires passing of a Special Resolution through Postal Ballot.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D74
===== PAGE 77 =====
11.     MEANS OF COMMUNICATION
The Company published its quarterly results as per the details mentioned below:
News Papers Date of Board 
Meetings
Date of 
Publication
th 
15 May, 2025
th 
25 July, 2025
Business Standard (English-All 
India Edition) Pudhari (Marathi)
Business Standard (English - All 
India Edition) Pudhari (Marathi)
th
17  May, 2025
& 
th
16  May,2025
th
26 July, 2025
th 
28 October, 2025
th
15  January , 2026
Business Standard (English - All 
India Edition) Lokmat (Marathi)
Business Standard (English - 
All India Edition) Lokmat (Marathi)
th
29  October, 2025
&th
 30  October, 2025
th
16  January , 2026
Period
For the quarter and 
financial year ended 
st
31  March, 2025
For the quarter 
th
ended 30  June, 2025
For the quarter and 
th
half year ended 30  
September, 2025
For the quarter and 
nine months ended 
st
31  December, 2025
Website: The Company’s website viz. www.menonbearings.in contains a separate dedicated section 
‘Investors Relations’ where shareholders’ information is available. The Company’s Annual Reports and 
Quarterly Results are also available in a user-friendly and downloadable form.
News Releases, Presentations, among others: All corporate announcements made to the Stock Exchanges 
during the financial year 2025-26 are made available on the website of the Company. 
During the financial year 2025-26, the Company made presentations on various occasions to institutional 
investors or analysts with respect to financial and operational performance, quarterly results, etc. Such 
presentations are also made available on the Company’s website at https://menonbearings.in/investor-
presentation-webcast-and-telecast  
12.   GENERAL SHAREHOLDERS INFORMATION:
12.1  Annual General Meeting:
th
Day and Date :   Thursday, 6  August, 2026
Time             :   11:00 A.M.
Venue        :   Through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means
12.2   Financial Year:
 
st st
The Company follows the period of 1  April to 31  March, as the Financial Year.
12.3     Dividend payment date:  Not applicable
12.4     Record date:  Not applicable
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 75
===== PAGE 78 =====
12.5     Cut-off date for remote e-voting:
 The remote e-voting / voting rights of the shareholders / beneficial owners shall be reckoned on the equity 
th
shares held by them as on the cut-off date i.e. Thursday, 30  July, 2026. Remote e-voting shall remain open 
nd th 
from Sunday, 2  August, 2026 (9:00 A.M.) till Wednesday, 5 August, 2026 (5:00 P.M.)
12.6     Listing on Stock Exchanges:
 
a. The Equity Shares of the Company are listed at the following Stock Exchanges:
Name of the Stock Exchanges                                  Scrip Code / Symbol
BSE Ltd.                                                                                                   Scrip Code: 523828
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001.  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.            Symbol: MENONBE
th
Exchange Plaza, 5 Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,                            Series: EQ
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051.
b.   ISIN for the Company's equity shares having face value of Re. 1/-:    INE071D01033
c.   Corporate Identity Number (CIN): L29130PN1991PLC062352
d.  Listing Fees: The Company has paid listing fees for the financial year 2026-27 to BSE Ltd. and National 
Stock Exchange of India Ltd., where Company's shares are listed.
12.7   Trading of Securities: The securities of the Company were not suspended from trading during the 
financial year 2025-26.
12.8    Registrar and Share Transfer Agents:
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited) 
st 
C-101, 1 Floor, 247 Park, L. B. S. Marg, 
Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083, Maharashtra, India
Phone: (022) 49186000, 49186270; Fax: (022) 49186060
E-mail: investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com  
12.9  Share Transfer System:
In terms of Regulation 40(1) of the Listing Regulations, no requests for effecting transfer of securities can be 
st 
processed unless the securities are held in the dematerialised form with the depository with effect from 1 April, 
2019. 
The request for transmission or transposition can be made for shares held in physical mode, however, credit 
shall be given in dematerialized form only.
th
Further, the SEBI has vide its Circular No.: SEBI/ HO/ MIRSD/ MIRSD_RTAMB / P/ CIR / 2022/ 8 dated 25  
January, 2022 (‘SEBI Circular’) as an on-going measure to enhance ease of dealing in securities markets by 
investors, mandated the issue of share(s) in dematerialized form only while processing the shareholder’s 
service request(s) received for issue of duplicate share certificate(s), claim from Unclaimed Suspense 
Account, renewal / exchange of share certificates, endorsement, subdivision / splitting of share certificates, 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D76
===== PAGE 79 =====
consolidation of share certificates / folios, transmission and transposition. Upon receipt of any service 
request(s) from the shareholder / claimant, MUFG Intime India Private Limited (formerly known as Link Intime 
India Private Limited), Registrar and Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) of the Company shall verify and process the 
said request(s) and thereafter issue a ‘Letter of Confirmation’ in lieu of physical share certificate(s) to the 
shareholder / claimant, if documents are found in order. Letter of Confirmation shall be valid for a period of 120 
days, within which the shareholder shall make a request to the Depository Participant for dematerializing those 
shares. If the shareholder fails to submit the dematerialisation request within 120 days, then the Company shall 
credit those shares in the Suspense Escrow Demat account held by the Company. The Shareholders can 
claim the shares transferred to Suspense Escrow Demat account by submission of necessary documentation. 
th
The SEBI vide its Circular No. HO/38/13/(3)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3763/2026 dated 30  January, 2026 to do 
nd 
away with the requirement of issuance of Letter of Confirmation (“LOC”) w.e.f. 2 April, 2026 and has directed 
the Depositories to develop a process/system to enable RTAs/listed companies to credit the securities directly 
to the demat account of the investor after necessary due-diligence by RTAs/listed companies. Any LOC issued 
nd 
before 2 April, 2026 may be submitted by the investors to DP for dematerialisation within the specified timeline 
i.e. 120 days from the date of issuance of LOC.
Further, in order to facilitate ease of investing for investors and to secure the rights of investors in the securities 
which were purchased by them, the Company in terms of the SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-
nd
PoD/P/CIR/2025/97 dated 2  July, 2025 had opened  a special  window only for  re-lodgment  of  transfer  
st
deeds, which  were lodged prior to the deadline of 1  April, 2019 and were rejected / returned / not attended due 
th th 
to deficiency in the documents / process / or otherwise, for a period of six months from 7  July, 2025 till 6
January, 2026. 
th
Further, pursuant to SEBI Circular No. HO/38/13/11(2)2026-MIRSD-POD/I/3750/2026 dated 30  January, 
ht th
2026, a Special Window is opened for a period of one year from 5 February, 2026 to 4  February, 2027 to 
facilitate lodgment / re-lodgment of transfer and dematerialisation requests of physical shares. This facility is 
available for transfer and dematerialisation (“demat”) of physical securities which were sold/purchased prior to 
st 
1 April, 2019 and also which were submitted earlier and were rejected/returned/not attended to due to 
deficiencies in documents/process or otherwise. 
Shareholding by Nominal Value No. of Shareholders % of Total % of TotalNo. of  Shares
Total
1 - 500
501-1000
1001 - 2000
2001 - 3000
3001 - 4000
4001 - 5000
5001 - 10000
10001 & Above
20823
1402
1969
705
284
156
332
185
25,856
80.5345
5.4223
7.6153
2.7266
1.0984
0.6033
1.2840
0.7155
100.0000
1889883
1118368
2694197
1720243
1022902
724271
2304788
44565348
5,60,40,000
3.3724
1.9957
4.8076
3.0697
1.8253
1.2924
4.1128
79.5242
100.0000
12.10   Distribution of Shareholding:
          st
The shareholding distribution of the equity shares as on 31  March, 2026 is given below:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 77
===== PAGE 80 =====
12.11    Dematerialization of shares and liquidity:
The process of conversion of shares from physical form into electronic form is known as dematerialization. For 
dematerializing the shares, the shareholders should open a Demat account with a Depository Participant 
(“DP”). The shareholder is required to fill in a Demat Request Form and submit the same along with the original 
share certificates to his / her DP. The DP will allocate a Demat Request Number and shall forward the request 
physically and electronically through NSDL/CDSL to Registrar and Share Transfer Agent. On receipt of the 
demat request both physically and electronically and after verification, the shares are dematerialized and an 
st 
electronic credit of the shares is given in the account of the shareholder. As on 31 March, 2026, about 97.54% 
Equity Shares were held in dematerialized form.
12.12    Convertible instruments: 
The Company has not issued any Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) / American Depository Receipts (ADRs) 
/ warrants or any other convertible instrument, which are likely to have impact on the Company's Equity.
12.13   Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities: 
The Company is exposed to the risk of price fluctuations while exporting its products and importing materials, 
which are proactively managed. The Company has a robust framework in place to protect its interests from 
risks arising out of market volatility. Based on continuous monitoring and market intelligence, the sales and 
procurement teams take appropriate strategies to deal with the market volatility.
The Company operates in various geographies and is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its various currency 
exposures. Volatility in currency exchange movements can have an impact on the Company's operations. The 
Company has established foreign currency hedging policies and practices to manage these risks.
12.14   Plant Locations:
12.15  Address for Correspondence:
For any assistance regarding dematerialization of shares, share transfer, transmission, change of address, 
non-receipt of dividend or any other query relating to shares, the investor can write to Registrar and Share 
Transfer Agent or please write to:
The Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Menon Bearings Limited
G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon, 
Kolhapur – 416234, Maharashtra.
Telephone: 0231-2672279/533/487; Fax: 0231-2672278
E-mail: admin@menonbearings.in 
G-1, MIDC, Gokul 
Shirgaon, 
MIDC, Kolhapur - 
416234, 
Maharashtra.
B-2, Gokul 
Shirgaon, 
MIDC, Kolhapur- 
416234, 
Maharashtra.
Plot No. A-4/2,
Gokul Shirgaon 
MIDC,Kolhapur
 – 416234, 
Maharashtra. 
C-1 Five Star 
MIDC, Kagal, 
Kolhapur – 
416236
Maharashtra.
Menon Alkop Ltd.
 (WOS)Menon Bearings Ltd.
C-1 Five Star 
MIDC, Kagal, 
Kolhapur – 
416236
Maharashtra.
Menon Brakes Ltd.
 (WOS)
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D78
===== PAGE 81 =====
12.16 Credit Rating:
The Company has not mobilized any funds, neither in India or abroad, through issue of any debt instruments or 
any fixed deposit programme or any scheme during the financial year 2025-26, hence was not required to take 
any Credit rating for such instruments or deposits.
12.17   Dividend History:
Financial Year
2016-17  (Interim Dividend)
Percentage
 (%)Dividend amount per share
Re. 1.00 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Re. 0.75 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
100
75
50
25
150
125
Re. 0.50 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Re. 0.25 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Rs. 1.50 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Rs. 1.25 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
Rs. 1.25 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
st
2017-18  (1  Interim Dividend)
nd
2017-18 (2  Interim Dividend)
2017-18 (Final Dividend)
2018-19 (Interim Dividend)
st
2019-20 (1  Interim Dividend)
nd
2019-20 (2  Interim Dividend)
2020-21 (Interim Dividend) 150
200
Rs. 1.50 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
2021-22  (Interim Dividend)
225
Rs. 2.00 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
2022-23 (Interim Dividend)
125
200Rs. 2.00 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
2023-24 (Interim Dividend) Rs. 2.25 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
2002024-25 (Interim Dividend) Rs. 2.00 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
2002025-26 (Interim Dividend) Rs. 2.00 per share (Face value Re. 1/-)
12.18  The following table gives information relating to the due dates for transfer of unpaid / unclaimed 
dividend amounts to the IEPF:
Dividend Rate 
per share
Date of Declaration
Re. 0.25
Rs. 1.50
Rs. 1.25
th
13  March, 2020
Financial 
Year ended
2017-18
Due Dates for
transfer to IEPF
2018-19
Rs. 1.25
Rs. 1.50
2019-20
2019-20
Rs. 2.00
2020-21
th
5  March, 2028
Rs. 2.00
2021-22
th
26  November, 2028
2022-23
Rs. 2.252023-24
th
15  July, 2023
Rs. 2.002024-25
th
18  July, 2024
th
24  August, 2031
2025-26 Rs. 2.00
th
25  July, 2025
th
20  July 2022
st
31  August 2032
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 79
===== PAGE 82 =====
13.   VIGIL MECHANISM / WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
With the rapid expansion of business, various risks associated with the business have also increased 
considerably. Some such risks identified are risk of fraud, misconduct and unethical behaviour. To ensure 
fraud-free work and ethical environment, the Company has laid down Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy 
pursuant to the provisions of Section 177(9) and (10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 22 of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
The Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy provides a structured and secure framework for Directors and 
employees to report genuine concerns regarding any suspected or actual instances of unethical behaviour, 
fraud, or violation of the Company’s Code of Conduct or legal and regulatory obligations.
The reporting protocols available under the Vigil Mechanism include, inter alia:
1.  Submission of written complaints to the designated Vigilance Officer or Compliance Officer, either in 
physical form marked “confidential” or through secure internal correspondence systems.
2.  Communication via the designated email ID maintained exclusively for whistle blower disclosures, with 
access restricted to authorized personnel only.
3.  Direct access to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee in accordance with the statutory right provided 
to whistle blowers under Section 177(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, in cases where the concern involves 
senior management or members of the Board.
The Whistle Blower Policy ensures that such disclosures are investigated in a time-bound and impartial manner 
and provides safeguards against victimization or retaliation. The identity of the whistle blower shall remain 
confidential, subject to the limits of applicable law and the necessity of an effective investigation. 
· E-mail   : admin@menonbearings.in  
· Phone No.  : 0231-2672 279/533/487
· Fax No.   : 0231-2672 278
·   Written Communication to: Chairman, Audit Committee, Menon Bearings Limited, G-1, MIDC, Gokul 
Shirgaon, Kolhapur – 416234, Maharashtra.
The mechanism also provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of the person who avails the 
mechanism and direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee is also available in exceptional cases. 
Vigil Mechanism / Whistle Blower Policy is also available on the website of the Company at:  
https://menonbearings.in/corporate-governance 
13.1   OBJECTIVES:
· To protect the brand reputation and assets of the Company from loss or damage, resulting from suspected 
or confirmed incidents of fraud / misconduct;
· To provide guidance to the directors and employees on reporting any suspicious activity; and handling 
critical information and evidence; and
· To provide healthy and fraud-free work culture.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D80
===== PAGE 83 =====
13.2      WORKING:
The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and working of Vigil Mechanism which includes following 
matters:
· Implementation of the policy and spreading awareness amongst employees;
· Review all reported cases of suspected fraud, misconduct, unethical behavior;
· Order investigation of any case either through internal audit department or through external investigating 
agencies or experts;
· Recommend to the management for taking appropriate actions such as disciplinary action, termination of 
service, changes in policies and procedure and review of internal control systems; and
· Annual review of the policy.
14. INTERNAL COMMITTEE
In accordance with the provisions of Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013, the Company has framed a policy for prevention of sexual harassment at workplace and 
adopted the same. The objective of the policy is to provide its women employees, a workplace free from 
harassment / discrimination and every employee is treated with dignity and respect.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 4 of the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, the Company has constituted three Internal Committees for its three 
units. During the financial year 2025-26, no complaints relating to sexual harassment were received, and no 
complaints were pending as on the beginning or end of the financial year.
15. DISCLOSURES
15.1    Related Party Transactions:
All transactions entered into with the related parties, as defined under the Act and Regulation 23 of the Listing 
Regulations, during the financial year 2025-26 were in the ordinary course of business on arm's length basis. 
There were no materially significant related party transactions, pecuniary transactions or relationship between 
the Company and its directors during the financial year 2025-26 that may have potential conflict with the 
interest of the Company at large. Suitable disclosures as required by Indian Accounting Standards (Ind-AS 24) 
st 
have been made in Notes on Accounts for the financial year ended 31 March, 2026 forming part of the Annual 
Report. The Board has approved a Related Party Transaction Policy which can be accessed at the Company’s 
website at: https://menonbearings.in/corporate-governance   
15.2    Compliance by the Company:
The Company has complied with all the requirements of the Listing Regulations as well as the regulations and 
guidelines of the SEBI. There were no penalties or strictures imposed on the Company by the Stock Exchanges 
or the SEBI or any other statutory authority for non-compliance of any matter related to the capital markets 
during the last three years.
15.3  Whistle Blower Policy / Vigil Mechanism and affirmation that no personnel have been denied 
access to the Audit Committee:
The Company has established a mechanism for directors and employees to report concerns about unethical 
behavior, actual or suspected fraud, or violation of code of conduct or ethics policy. The mechanism also 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 81
===== PAGE 84 =====
provides for adequate safeguards against victimization of persons who avail of the mechanism and also 
provide for direct access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee in the exceptional cases. We affirm that during 
the financial year 2025-26, no person was denied access to the Audit Committee.
15.4 Compliance with mandatory / discretionary requirements under Regulation 27 read with Part E of 
Schedule II of the Listing Regulations:
The Company has complied with all mandatory requirements under Regulation 27 and Schedule V of the 
Listing Regulations. The status of compliance with non-mandatory recommendations under Regulation 27 
read with Part E of Schedule II of the Listing Regulations is provided below:
· Separate posts of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The Company has separate Chairman and 
Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer. 
·     Modified Opinion in Audit Report: The Company has moved to unmodified audit opinion regime.
· Reporting of Internal Auditor: The Internal Auditor reports to the Audit Committee.
15.5  Risk Management:
The Company has laid down procedures to inform Board members about the risk assessment and its 
minimization. The Company has framed the risk assessment and minimization procedure, which is periodically 
reviewed by the Board.
15.6  Policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries:
In accordance with Regulation 16(1)(c) of the Listing Regulations, the Company has formulated a Policy for 
determining ‘Material Subsidiary’. As per the said regulation, a subsidiary shall be considered material if its 
turnover or net worth exceeds 10% of the consolidated income or net worth of the listed entity and its 
subsidiaries in the immediately preceding accounting year.
st
As on 31  March, 2026, the Company had total three wholly owned subsidiaries, out of which Menon Alkop 
Limited, wholly owned subsidiary, crossed the threshold of 10% of the consolidated turnover of the Company, 
accordingly it has become Material Subsidiary of the Company.
The Company has ensured compliance with all applicable governance requirements under Regulation 24 of 
the Listing Regulations, including the appointment of an Independent Director on the Board of the said 
subsidiary and adherence to enhanced disclosure and oversight norms.
As per the requirements of the Listing Regulations, a policy to determine a material subsidiary has been framed 
and the same can be accessed on the Company's website at: https://menonbearings.in/corporate-governance  
15.7  Details of utilization of funds raised through preferential allotment or qualified institutions 
placement:
The Company has not raised any funds through preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement as 
specified under Regulation 32(7A) of the Listing Regulations.
15.8 Certificate from Practising Company Secretary: 
A certificate received from M/s. M Baldeva Associates, Company Secretaries, Mumbai is attached to this 
Report stating that none of the directors on the Board of the Company have been debarred or disqualified from 
being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the SEBI / Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such 
statutory authority. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D82
===== PAGE 85 =====
15.9   Recommendations by the Committees:
          
The Board has accepted all recommendations received from its committees during the financial year 2025-26. 
15.10  Total fees for all services paid by the listed entity and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, to 
the statutory auditors and all entities in the network firm / network entity of which the Statutory Auditor 
is a part, given below:     
Nature of Payments
Statutory Audit
Tax Audit/ Matters
Other Services including reimbursement of expenses
Total
Amount (Rs. in Lakh)
4.77
0.81
6.13
0.55
15.11 Disclosures in relation to the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013:
Particulars No. of complaints
Nil
Sr. No.
a. Complaints filed during the financial year
Nil
Nilb.
c.
Complaints disposed of during the financial year
Complaints pending as on end of the financial year
15.12  Disclosure by the Company and its subsidiaries of ‘Loans and Advances in the nature of loans to 
firms / companies in which directors are interested by name and amount:
During the financial year 2025-26, the Company and its subsidiaries have not given any loan or advance to any 
firms / companies in which directors are interested.
15.13  Details of material subsidiaries of the listed entity; including the date and place of incorporation 
and the name and date of appointment of the statutory auditors of such subsidiaries
a. Name of material subsidiary: Menon Alkop Limited
rd 
b. Date of Incorporation: 23 January, 2024
c. Place of Incorporation: Kolhapur, Maharashtra
d. Registered Office: Plot No. C-1, Five Star MIDC, Kagal, Kolhapur – 416236
e. Statutory Auditors: M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Kolhapur (FRN: 122293W) 
th
appointed on 5  September, 2024.
15.14  Compliance of the requirement of Corporate Governance Report:
During the financial year 2025-26, the Company has complied with the requirements of Corporate Governance 
Report of sub-paras (2) to (10) of Point C of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations.
15.15  Disclosure of the compliance with Corporate Governance:
The Company has complied with Regulations 17-20, 22 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) and (t) of sub-regulation (2) 
of Regulation 46 of the Listing Regulations during the financial year 2024-25. Regulation 21 of the Listing 
Regulations was not applicable to the Company during the financial year 2025-26.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 83
===== PAGE 86 =====
15.16 Compliance Certificate for Code of Conduct:
A declaration by Managing Director of the Company affirming compliance by the Board of Directors and Senior 
Management Personnel to the Code of Conduct forms part of this Report as per Schedule V of the Listing 
Regulations.
15.17 Auditors’ Certificate on Corporate Governance:
The Company has obtained a certificate from the Statutory Auditors of the Company regarding compliance of 
conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Schedule V of the Listing Regulations and forms part of 
this Report.
15.18 Disclosure of Accounting Treatment:
In preparation of the financial statements, the Company has followed the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind-
AS) as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rule, 2015 and provisions of the Act to the extent notified and applicable.
15.19 Disclosure with Respect to Demat Suspense Account  / Unclaimed Suspense Account :
The voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen till the rightful owner of such shares claims the shares.
15.20  Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding listed entities 
Information required under Clause 5A of paragraph A of Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations: No 
agreements are entered into by the shareholders, promoters, promoter group entities, related parties, directors, 
key managerial personnel, employees of the Company or associate company, among themselves or with the 
Company or with a third party, solely or jointly, which, either directly or indirectly or potentially or whose purpose 
and effect is to, impact the management or control of the Company or impose any restriction or create any 
liability upon the Company. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D84
Particulars Number of Equity 
Shares
Number of 
Shareholders
Transferred during the financial year:
109 1,15,200Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding
st
shares in the suspense account lying as on 1  April, 2025
Shareholders who approached the Company for transfer of 
shares from suspense account during the year
Shareholders to whom shares were transferred from the 
suspense account during the year
Shareholders whose shares were transferred to the demat 
account of the IEPF Authority as per Section 124 of the Act
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding 
st
shares in the suspense account lying as on 31  March, 2026
4 4,400
4 4,400
0 0
105 1,10,800
===== PAGE 87 =====
                            DECLARATION REGARDING COMPLIANCE OF CODE OF CONDUCT
As per Regulation 17 and Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, I, Arun Aradhye, Managing Director of the Company do hereby declare that the Board of 
Directors and Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct of the 
st
Company during the financial year ended 31  March, 2026.
                                                        
                                        
 Arun Aradhye
Managing Director
DIN: 03052587
Place: Kolhapur
th
Date: 14  May, 2026
For Menon Bearings Limited
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 85
===== PAGE 88 =====
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 34(3) read with Clause 10(i) of Part C of Schedule V of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015
To, 
The Members of 
Menon Bearings Limited, 
G-1, MIDC, Gokul Shirgaon,
Kolhapur – 416234, Maharashtra, India.
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the directors of 
Menon Bearings Limited (CIN:L29130PN1991PLC062352) and having Registered Office at G-1, MIDC, Gokul 
Shirgaon, Kolhapur – 416234, Maharashtra, India (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Company'), produced before 
me by the Company for the purpose of issuing this certificate, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 
34(3) read with Clause 10(i) of Part C of Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors 
Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations 
furnished to me by the Company and its officers, I hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the 
st 
Company as stated below during the financial year ended 31 March, 2026 have been debarred or disqualified 
from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, 
Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other Statutory Authority:
Name of Directors Date of initial appointment 
in Company
(as appearing on MCA portal)
Sr. No.
Mr. Nitin R. Menon 
DIN
Mr. Ramesh D. Dixit 
Dr. Santosh K. Prabhu
Mrs. Kailash A. Nevagi
Mr. Arun R. Aradhye 
Mr. Mukund L. Shinde 
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
00692754
00626827
00506595
03011076
03052587
07417527
st
1  April, 1995
st
1  April , 1992
th
24  October, 2018
th
16  April, 2018
st
31  January, 2019
th
9  February, 2021
Ensuring the eligibility for appointment / continuity of every director on the Board is the responsibility of the 
management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion based on my verification. This 
certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness 
with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
CS Manish Baldeva
Proprietor
M. No. FCS 6180; C.P. No. 11062
Peer Review No.: 1436/2021
UDIN:F006180H000492270 
Place : Mumbai
th
Date   : 26  May, 2026
For M Baldeva Associates
Company Secretaries
Mr. Nandan D. Borgalkar7. 07322278
st
1  October 2025
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D86
===== PAGE 89 =====
To
The Members 
Menon Bearings Limited
We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Menon Bearings Limited (the 
st 
Company) for the year ended on 31  March, 2026, as stipulated under Regulation 15 (2) read with Schedule V 
Part E of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the Management. Our 
examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the 
compliance of the conditions of Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on 
the financial statements of the Company.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, we certify that 
the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above mentioned 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations.
We have been explained that no investor grievances are pending for a period exceeding one month against the 
Company as per the records maintained by the Company.
We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company. 
Auditor's Certificate on
Corporate Governance
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
th 
: 14  May, 2026
For M/S A R N A & Associates. 
Chartered Accountants              
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri,
Partner
      Membership No : 111576
FRN : 122293W
UDIN : 26111576VKBSJW5080
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 87
===== PAGE 90 =====
Independent Auditor's Report
TO 
THE MEMBERS OF 
MENON BEARINGS LIMITED
Report on the Standalone Ind AS Financial Statements.
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Ind AS financial statements of MENON BEARINGS LIMITED 
(“the company”),which comprise the Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2026, the Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity 
for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
standalone financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as 
amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the 
Company as at March 31, 2026 and its profit, total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows 
for the year ended on that date.  
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit of the standalone financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(“SA”s) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
the standalone financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we 
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of 
Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the standalone financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of 
the financial statements of the current period. There are no such matters identified during the audit period.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises 
the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures 
to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate Governance and 
Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the consolidated financial statements, standalone financial 
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.  
Office R.S. No. 176, Off No. 6C, 1st Floor, Eden Garden Comm. Complex,
Near Khanwilkar Petrol Pump, Nagala Park, Kolhapur - 03
Phone +91 9175762650
email  arna.associates@outlook.com
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D88
===== PAGE 91 =====
In connection with our audit of the standalone financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the standalone financial 
statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially 
misstated.  
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the Management and those charged with Governance for the Standalone Ind AS 
Financial Statements
The Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated  in section 134(5) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair 
view of the state of affairs (financial position), profit & loss (financial performance including other 
comprehensive income), cash flows and changes in equity of the Company in accordance with the accounting 
principles generally accepted in India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under 
Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 4 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015. 
This responsibility also includes the maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the 
provision of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting the frauds 
and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and 
estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of internal financial 
control, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Ind AS financial statements that give a true and fair view and 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the standalone financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the 
going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to 
cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process.
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these Standalone Ind AS financial statements based on our audit. 
We have taken into account the provisions of the Act, the accounting and auditing standards and matters which 
are required to be included in the audit report under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder.
We conducted our audit of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Those Standards require that we comply with ethical 
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone 
Ind AS financial statements are free from material misstatement. An audit involves performing procedures to 
obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the Ind AS financial statements. The procedures 
selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of 
the Ind AS financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor 
considers internal financial control relevant to the Company's preparation of the Standalone Ind AS financial 
statements that give true and fair view in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the 
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on whether the Company has in place an 
adequate internal financial control system over financial reporting and the operating effectiveness of such 
controls. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the 
reasonableness of the accounting estimates made by Company's Directors, as well as evaluating the overall 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 89
===== PAGE 92 =====
presentation of the Standalone Ind AS financial statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Standalone Ind AS financial statements.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
Standalone Ind AS financial statements, give the information required by the Act in the manner so required and 
give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India including the 
Ind AS; 
a)       of the State of affairs (financial position) of the Company as at March 31, 2026;
b) of the Profit (financial performance including Other Comprehensive Income) for the year ended on that date;
c) of the Cash Flows for the year ended on that date; and
d) of the Changes in Equity for the year ended on that date
Report on other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1)      With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor's Report under Section 197(16) of the Act: In our 
opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the 
Company to its directors during the current year is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the 
Act. The remuneration paid to any director is not in excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of the 
Act. 
2) As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central 
Government of India in terms of Sub –section (11) of Section 143 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 we give 
in the “Annexure A” a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent 
applicable.
3) As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act, we report that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
b) In our opinion proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as appears 
from our examination of those books 
c) The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive income), the Cash Flow 
Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books 
of account 
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 4 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015.
st
e) On the basis of written representations received from the directors as on 31  March, 2026, taken on record by 
st
the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on 31  March, 2026, from being appointed as a 
director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and the
          operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B”. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D90
===== PAGE 93 =====
g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rule, 2014, in our opinion and to best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us:
i. The Company does not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial position.
ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivatives contracts of which there were any 
material foreseeable losses.
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Company. 
iv.     a)  The management has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been 
advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of 
funds) by the Company to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall: 
    directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever (“Ultimate    
Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the Company or 
    provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. 
  
       b)  The management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no funds have been 
received   by the Company from any persons or entities, including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with 
the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company shall: 
    directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the Funding Party or   
     provide any guarantee, security or the like from or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and 
         c)  Based on such audit procedures as considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (iv) (a) and (iv) 
(b) contain any material mis-statement. 
v. The dividend declared or paid during the year by the Company is in compliance with Section 123 of the Act.
vi. Based on our examination which included test checks, the company has used an accounting software 
st
for maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended  31   March 2026, which has the feature 
of recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same has been operated throughout the year for all 
relevant transactions recorded in the software except at the database level for accounting software B 
WAYS ERP to log any direct data changes. Further, during the course of our audit we did not note any 
instance of the audit trail (edit log) feature being tampered with on accounting software where this 
feature has been enabled. 
 
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
th 
: 14  May, 2026
For M/S A R N A & Associates. 
Chartered Accountants              
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri
Partner 
     Membership No : 111576
FRN : 122293W
UDIN : 26111576VKBSJW5080
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 91
===== PAGE 94 =====
The Annexure referred to in our Report of even date to the members of Menon Bearings Limited on the 
st
accounts of the Company for the year ended 31  March, 2026.
(i)   (a) The Company has maintained proper records, showing full particulars including quantitative details and 
situation of Property, Plant and Equipment. The Company has maintained proper records, showing full 
particulars of intangible assets.
       (b) property, plant and equipments are physically verified by the management in accordance with a regular      
programme at reasonable intervals. In our opinion the interval is reasonable having regard to the size of 
the Company and the nature of its assets. No material discrepancies were noticed on such verification;
       (c)The title deeds of immovable properties of the company are held in the name of the Company 
based on the confirmation received from the Company except lease hold land from MIDC.
     (d) None of the Property Plant and Equipment's and Intangible assets are revalued during the current 
financial year.
     (e) No proceedings have been initiated or are pending against the company for holding any benami 
property under the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder.  
(ii)   (a) As explained to us, physical verification of inventory has been conducted at reasonable intervals by the 
management;
      (b) The procedures of physical verification of inventory followed by the management are reasonable and 
adequate in relation to the size of the company and the nature of its business. 
     (c) The company is generally maintaining proper records of inventory. No material discrepancies were 
noticed on physical verification of stocks by the management as compared to book records.
       (d) The company has utilised working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks 
or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. (Details are provided in notes to 
accounts)
    (e)The quarterly returns or statements filed by the company with financial institutions or banks are in 
agreement with the books of account of the Company.
(iii) The Company has not granted any loans or provided any guarantees and securities covered u/s. 185 and 
186 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
(iv) The company has not granted any loans, secured or unsecured or has not made any investments in 
companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or other parties covered in the register maintained under 
section 189 of the Companies Act. Except, the company has made following transactions with its fully owned 
subsidiaries the details of which are given below and which are within the limits prescribed u/s. 185 and 186 of 
the Companies Act, 2013.
Annexure A to Independent Auditor's Report
Nature of Transaction Sr.
No.
Names  Transaction during the
year Amount
Closing Balance at 
end of year
 1. Menon Alkop Limited Purchase of Equity Shares  -  19,97,50,000
 2. Menon Alkop Limited Corporate guarantee  -  29,00,00,000
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D92
===== PAGE 95 =====
(v)    The Company has not accepted any deposits covered under the directives issued by the Reserve Bank of    
India and the provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the rules framed there under.
(vi)  As explained to us, maintenance of cost records has been specified by the Central Government under sub-
section (l) of section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013, we are of the opinion that prima facie such accounts 
and records have been made and maintained. However, we have not made a detailed examination of the 
records with a view to determine whether they are accurate and complete.
(vii) (a) According to the records, the company is regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including 
provident fund, employees' state insurance, income-tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, GST, duty of customs, duty 
of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and any other statutory dues with the appropriate authorities. There were 
no outstanding statutory dues as at the last day of the financial year concerned for a period of more than six 
months from the date they became payable; 
        (b) As explained to us, there are no dues of income tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, GST, duty of customs, duty of 
Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess or duty of customs which have not been deposited on account of any dispute.
          (C) The Company has filed an appeal against TDS demand of Rs. 12,78,249/- and the appeal is pending.
(viii) There are no such transactions which are not recorded in the accounts that have been disclosed or 
surrendered before the tax authorities as income during the year.
(ix)  a)  The Company has not defaulted in repayment of dues to a financial institution or bank or Government or 
dues to debenture holders.
       b)  The company has not been declared a willful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or any other lender.
       c)   The Company has utilized the term loans for the object for which they were obtained.
       d)   The Company has not utilized short term funds for long term purposes.
       e)  The company has not raised any money from any person or entity for the account of or to pay the  obligations 
of its associates, subsidiaries or joint ventures.
       f)  The company has not raised any loans during the year by pledging securities held in their subsidiaries, joint 
ventures or associate companies.
(x) During the period under review, the Company has not raised money by way of initial public offer or further 
public offer (including debt instruments) and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the Order is not 
applicable. During the year, the Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of 
shares or convertible debentures (fully or partly or optionally) and hence reporting under clause 3(x)(b) of the 
Order is not applicable. 
Nature of Transaction Sr.
No.
Names  Transaction during the
year Amount
Closing Balance at 
end of year
Advance3. Menon Brakes Limited
Equity Shares
 1,81,84,352  4,57,22,112
4. Menon Brakes Limited  -  8,25,00,000
5. Menon Bearings New 
Ventures Limited
 -  1,00,000
6. Menon Bearings New 
Ventures Limited
Advance  29,020  12,07,625
Equity Shares
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 93
===== PAGE 96 =====
(xi)      a) No fraud on or by the company has been noticed or reported during the year;
        b) As represented by the management, there are no whistle blower complaints received by the Company 
during the year.
(xii) Since, the Company is not a Nidhi Company, the Nidhi Rules, 2014 are not applicable.
(xiii) All transactions with the related parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and details of the same have been disclosed in the Financial Statements as required by the applicable 
accounting standards;
(xiv) The company has an internal audit system in accordance with its size and business activities.  The reports of 
the internal auditors have been considered by the statutory auditor.
(xv) As explained to us, the Company has not entered into any non-cash transactions with directors or persons 
connected with him.
(xvi)    a) The Company is not required to be registered under section 45 IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act.
           b)The company has not carried on any Non-Banking Financial or Housing Finance activities (NBFC or HFC).
           c)The company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) under the RBI regulations.
          d)The company does not belong to any group that has more than one CIC as part of it.
(xvii)   The company has not incurred any cash losses in the financial year and the immediately preceding financial 
year.
(xviii)  During the year, there has been no resignation of statutory auditors.
(xix)    On an evaluation of: – The ageing report, financial ratios and expected dates of realization of financial assets 
and payment of financial liabilities, any other information accompanying the financial statements, the 
auditor's knowledge of the Board of Directors and management plans, there exists no material uncertainty as 
on the date of audit report and the company can meet its liabilities which exist as at the balance sheet date 
when such liabilities are due in the future.
(xx)   There are no unspent amounts towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) on other than ongoing projects 
requiring a transfer to a Fund specified in Schedule VII to the Companies Act in compliance with second 
proviso to sub-section (5) of Section 135 of the said Act. 
(xxi)   The reporting under clause (xxi) is not applicable in respect of audit of standalone financial statements of the 
Company. Accordingly, no comment has been included in respect of said clause under this report.
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
th 
: 14  May, 2026
For M/S A R N A & Associates. 
Chartered Accountants              
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri, Partner 
     Membership No : 111576
FRN : 122293W
UDIN : 26111576VKBSJW5080
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D94
===== PAGE 97 =====
The Annexure referred to in our Report of even date to the members of Menon Bearings Limited on the 
st
accounts of the Company for the year ended 31  March, 2026
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Menon Bearings Limited (“the 
Company”) as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the Ind AS financial statements of the 
Company for the year ended on that date.
Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based 
on the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (hereinafter “ICAI”). These responsibilities include the design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly 
and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, 
the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal financial controls over financial reporting 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by 
ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable 
to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls, and both 
issued by ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls 
over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor's judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Company's internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
A Company's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A Company's internal financial control 
Annexure B to Independent Auditor's Report
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 95
===== PAGE 98 =====
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that;
I. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
II. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management 
and directors of the Company; and
III. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, 
use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Company has, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system over 
financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting were operating effectively as at 
March 31, 2026, based on;
i. existing policies and procedures adopted by the Company for ensuring orderly and efficient conduct of 
business.
ii. continuous adherence to Company's policies.
iii. existing procedures in relation to safeguarding of Company's fixed assets, investments, inventories, 
receivables, loans and advances made and cash and bank balances.
iv. existing system to prevent and detect fraud and errors.
v. accuracy and completeness of Company's accounting records; and
vi. existing capacity to prepare timely and reliable financial information.
                                                                                                       
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
th 
: 14  May, 2026
For M/S A R N A & Associates. 
Chartered Accountants              
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri, Partner 
     Membership No : 111576
FRN : 122293W
UDIN : 26111576VKBSJW5080
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D96
===== PAGE 99 =====
st
as at 31  March, 2026Standalone Balance Sheet
31.03.2026
AUDITED
NOTE
NO. SR. NO. PARTICULARS 31.03.2025
AUDITED
Total Non-Current Assets
A ASSETS -
Non-Current Assets
a) Property, Plant and Equipment
b) Capital Work-In-Progress
c) Investment in Mutal Fund & Shares
d) Financial Assets
     (i)  Security Deposit
1
02
02
03
04
(a) Inventories
(b) Financial Assets     
     (i) Trade Receivables     
     (ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents     
     (iii) Bank Balance other than (ii) above     
     (iv) Loans & Advances
Total Current Assets
TOTAL ASSETS 
Current Assets2
05
06
07
07
08
(a) Equity Share Capital
(b) Other Equity
Total Equity
Liabilities
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity1
09
10
(a) Financial Liabilities       
     (i) Long-Term Borrowings
(b) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Total Non-Current Liabilities
Non- Current Liabilities2
11
12
(a) Financial Liabilities     
     (i) Short- Term Borrowings    
     (ii) Trade Payables    
     (iii) Other Financial Liabilities
(b) Other Current Liabilities
Total Current Liabilities
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Significant Accounting Policies and
Notes to Accounts
Current Liabilities3
13
14
15
16
1
(Rs. in Lakhs)
(c) Other Current Assets ’
08
     (ii) Lease Liability 11
142.97
11,210.11
2,113.10
6,648.76
250.10
156.30
516.57
71.66
9,756.49
20,966.60
                     560.40
14,762.86
15,323.26
1,229.79
                     442.92
1,706.28
1,450.58
1,642.71
738.41
105.35
20,966.60
3,937.05
7,599.96
7.26
3,459.92
33.58
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri  
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN  :  26111576VKBSJW5080               
 
 
Arun Aradhye 
 Managing Director
DIN : 03052587
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00692754
As per our report of even date attached 
 Chandrakant Ghatge
 Chief Financial Officer
 
Siddheshwar Kadane  
 Company Secretary
Membership No. : A72775
143.03
10,938.52
1,565.73
3,863.90
1,176.67
165.15
453.34
71.50
7,296.28
18,234.80
                     560.40
12,648.37
13,208.77
1,504.76
                     371.79
1,919.43
1,366.17
957.81
639.56
143.06
18,234.80
3,106.59
7,442.23
-
3,353.26
42.88
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 97
===== PAGE 100 =====
Other Operating Revenue
Other Income
Total Revenue (i+ii+iii)
Expenses
Net - Revenue from Operationsi
18
19
ii
iii
17
31.03.2026
AUDITED
NOTE
NO. 
SR. NO. PARTICULARS 31.03.2025
AUDITED
2
1
Cost of Materials Consumed
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods,
Work in Progress and Stock-in- Trade
Employee Benefits Expense
Finance Costs
Depreciation and Amortization Expense
Operating and Other Expenses
20
21
22
23
02
24
Total
Profit Before Exceptional and
Extraordinary Items and Tax (1-2)
3
Exceptional Items
Profit Before Tax (3-4)
4
5
6
7
Tax Expense:
Profit/(Loss) for the period from 
Continuing Operations (5 -6)
(1) Current Tax
(2) Deferred Tax
8 Other Comprehensive Income
Items that will not be reclassified to 
profit or loss
(i) Re-Measurement gains / (losses) on 
defined benefit plans
(ii) Income tax effect on above
Total Other Comprehensive Income 
9 Total Comprehensive Income for the period (7+8)
Paid-up Equity Share Capital
(Face Value or Re.1 each fully paid up)
10
11 Earnings Per Equity Share (EPS) 
(Face Value of Re.1 each)
(i) Basic (in Rs.) (not annualised)
(ii) Diluted (in Rs.) (not annulised )
for the year ended on 31.03.2026Standalone Statement of Profit & Loss  (Rs. in Lakhs)
25
27
25
21,300.43
379.96
329.96
22,010.35
9,171.15
(257.07)
1638.00
313.08
516.63
6322.50
17,704.29
4,306.06
-
4,306.06
972.00
3,262.93
71.13
(25.10)
                 -
(25.10)
3,237.85
560.40
5.82
5.82
-
16,573.04
140.29
111.39
16,824.71
6,834.97
(111.04)
1,540.14
276.53
423.81
5,178.94
14,143.35
2,681.37
-
2,681.37
659.88
2,015.73
5.76
(30.28)
                 -
(30.28)
1,985.45
560.40
3.60
3.60
-
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D98
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri  
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN  :  26111576VKBSJW5080               
 
 
Arun Aradhye 
 Managing Director
DIN : 03052587
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00692754
As per our report of even date attached 
 Chandrakant Ghatge
 Chief Financial Officer
 
Siddheshwar Kadane  
 Company Secretary
Membership No. : A72775
===== PAGE 101 =====
Standalone Cash Flow Statement
st
for the year ended on 31  March 2026
(Rs. in Lakhs)
1
31.03.2026
AUDITED
SR. NO. PARTICULARS 31.03.2025
AUDITED
Profit After Tax & Adjustments for
Changes in Working Capital
Current Assets
Inventories
Trade Receivables
Short Term Loans Advances
Deferred Tax
Interest (Net)
Profit on Sale of Assets
Depreciation & Amortization
Operating Profit before W/C Changes
Other Current Assets
Current Liabilities
Trade Payables
Other Current Liabilities
Short Term Provisions
Cash From Operating Activities
Cash From Investing Activities
Purchase of Fixed Assets
Investments
2
3
Security Deposits
Interest Received
Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Change in Short Term Borrowing
Change in Long Term Borrowing
Interest Paid
Dividend Paid
Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Total Cash Flow
Add:- Opening Cash & Cash Equivalents
Closing Cash & Cash Equivalents
Profit / (Loss) on Fair Valuation of Mutual Fund
Cash From Investing Activities
Profit on Investment
Change in CWIP
Profit on Sale of Assets
Lease Liability
Net Cash flow from Fixed Assets
3,237.85
71.13
269.76
-
2.45
516.63
4,097.81
(547.38)
(2,784.87)
(63.23)
(0.16)
684.91
98.85
(37.72)
1,448.22
(676.91)
             (106.66)
0.06
43.31
           84.42
(274.97)
(1,120.80)
(1,633.74)
(935.42)
1,341.82
406.40
(749.91)
-
(2.45)
(9.30)
(313.08)
(684.17)
(7.26)
1,985.45
5.76
188.39
(7.43)
(23.25)
423.81
2,572.73
(98.19)
(674.60)
2,301.86
11.30
170.79
99.88
(0.27)
4,383.50
(2,454.74)
             (2,157.21)
(15.77)
88.13
           185.81
(369.32)
(1,120.80)
(1,588.82)
(592.51)
1,934.33
1,341.82
(3,387.20)
7.43
23.25
(7.99)
(276.53)
(1,333.03)
1121.71
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 99
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri  
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN  :  26111576VKBSJW5080               
 
 
Arun Aradhye 
 Managing Director
DIN : 03052587
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00692754
As per our report of even date attached 
 Chandrakant Ghatge
 Chief Financial Officer
 
Siddheshwar Kadane  
 Company Secretary
Membership No. : A72775
===== PAGE 102 =====
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
Changes in Equity 
dated April 01, 2025
Re- measurement of 
Gain/s (Losses) on 
Defined Benefit Plans
Balance as at
st
April 1 , 2024  560.40 10,417.65 1,326.47 2.56 25.00           12.04
Changes in Equity for 
the year ended
st
March 31 , 2025
Transfer to General
Reserve
Re- measurement of 
Gain/s (Losses) on 
defined benefit plans  
Profit for the year
 -  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 560.40 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 560.40 
 -   
-75.00 
 -   
2,015.73
11,237.58
 -
 -75.00
 -   
3,262.95
13,304.73
 -    -   
 75.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
1,401.47
 -   
 75.00
 -   
 -   
 -   
       1,476.47
2.56 25.00 
- 25.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
-30.28
 -   
 -   
-18.24
 -   
 -   
-25.10
 -   
 -   
43.34
Sr.
No. Particulars
Equity
Share
Capital
Reserves & Surplus Other 
Comprehensive
Income
Other Items 
of Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total equity
attributable to 
equity holders
of the Company
Retained
Earnings
General
Reserve
Revaluation
Reserve
Capital
Reserve
2
1
3
4
5
6
Dividends (including
Dividend Distribution 
Tax)
Transfer to General
Reserve
Profit for the year
8
9
10
11
12
13
Dividends (including
Dividend Distribution 
Tax)
7 Balance as at
st
March 31 , 2025
Balance as at
st
March 31 , 2026
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -2.56   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
(Rs. in Lakhs)
-1,120.80
-1,120.80
12,344.12
 -   
 -   
 -2.56
 -   
-30.28
-1,120.80
2,015.73
13,208.77
-25.10
3,262.95
          15,323.26
-1,120.80
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D100
===== PAGE 103 =====
Note No. 1
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
st
for the year ended on 31  March, 2026
I.    Basis of Preparation :
The financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standards (Ind AS) as prescribed by Ministry of Corporate Affairs under Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015,provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent notified and pronouncements of 
the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Disclosures under Ind AS are made only in respect of material items and in respect of the items that will 
be useful to the users of financial statements in making economic decisions.
st 
 The financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2026 (including comparatives) are duly adopted by the 
th 
Board on 14 May, 2026 for consideration and approval by shareholders.
II.   Summary of Accounting Policies :
1)  Overall Considerations
The financial statements have been prepared applying the significant accounting policies and measurement 
basis summarized below.
2)  Revenue Recognition
Revenue is measured at fair value of the consideration received or receivable and net of returns, trade 
allowances and rebates and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. It excludes Excise Duty, Value Added 
Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax and GST.
i.   Sale of Products:
    Revenue from sale of products is recognized when significant risks and rewards of ownership pass to the 
customers, as per the terms of the contract and when the economic benefits associated with the 
transactions will flow to the Company.
ii.  Interest Income:
   Interest incomes are recognized using the time proportion method based on the rates implicit in the 
transaction.  Interest income is included in other income in the statement of profit and loss.
3)  Property, Plant and Equipment
 i.  Freehold Land is stated at historical cost. All other items of Property, Plant and Equipment are stated at cost 
of acquisition/construction less accumulated depreciation/amortization and impairment, if any. Cost 
includes:
a.  Purchase Price
b.  Labour Cost and
c.  Directly attributable overheads incurred up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use. However, cost 
excludes Excise Duty, Value Added Tax, Service Tax, and GST to the extent credit of the duty or tax is 
availed of. Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, 
as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to 
the Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 101
===== PAGE 104 =====
Description Range of Useful Lives in years
Buildings 30 - 60
Plant & Equipment
Furniture & Fixtures
Office Equipments
Vehicles
10 - 15
08 - 10 
03 - 06
08 - 10
      ii)  Component Accounting:
      The component of assets are capitalized only if the life of the components vary significantly and whose 
cost is significant in relation to the cost of the respective asset, the life of the component in assets are 
determined based on technical assessment and past history of replacement of such components in the 
assets. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as separate asset is derecognised when 
replaced. 
      iii)  Other Cost:
      All other repairs and maintenance cost are charged to the statement of profit and loss during the 
reporting period in which they are incurred. 
      Profit or Losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These 
are included in the Statement of Profit and Loss within other income/ (loss). 
     iv) Depreciation and Amortization:
     a)   Depreciation is recognized on a straight-line basis, over the useful life of the buildings and other 
equipment's as prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
     b)   Depreciation on tangible fixed assets is charged over the estimated useful life of the asset or part of the 
asset as evaluated on technical assessment on straight line method, in accordance with Part A of 
Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013
     c)  The estimated useful life of the tangible fixed assets on technical assessment followed by the Company 
is furnished below:
 Material residual value estimates and estimates of useful life are assessed as required.
     d)  The residual value for all the above assets are retained at 5% of the cost. Residual values and useful 
lives are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, for each reporting period.
     e)   On tangible fixed assets added/disposed off during the year, depreciation is charged on pro-rata basis 
for the period for which the asset was purchased and used.
 4)       Impairment:
  Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the 
carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the 
asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an 
asset's fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D102
===== PAGE 105 =====
 In respect of assets whose impairment are to be assessed with reference to other related assets and such 
group of assets have independent cash flows (Cash Generating Units), such assets are grouped and tested for 
impairment.
Non-financial assets that suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of 
each reporting period.
5) Leases:
 i)   Assets taken on Lease:-
    The Company, at the inception of a contract, assesses whether the contract is a lease or not a lease. A 
contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a 
time in exchange for a consideration. The Company has elected not to recognise Right-of-use Assets and 
lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value 
assets and the corresponding lease rental paid are directly charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
The Company recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense over the lease 
term. The Company recognises a Right-of-use Asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. 
The Right-of use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial costs incurred. 
The Right-of-use Asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the 
commencement date to the end of the lease term. The lease liability is initially measured at the present 
value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the Company's 
incremental borrowing rate. Subsequently, lease liabilities are measured on amortised cost basis. 
Associated costs, such as maintenance and insurance, are expensed.
ii)  Decommissioning charges in respect of properties like Plant and Equipment, Furniture & Fixtures and Office 
Equipment's presently located in land taken on lease are not provided for as it is impractical to estimate the 
sum that will be  incurred at the time the lease comes to end. Further there is also likelihood of  the lessor 
renewing the lease.
6)   Financial Assets Classification and Subsequent Measurement of Financial Assets:
     i)  For the purpose of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified and measured based on the 
entity's business model for managing the financial asset and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the 
financial asset at:
         a) Those to be measured subsequently at Fair Value either through Other Comprehensive Income (Fair 
Value through Other Comprehensive Income-FVTOCI) or through Profit or Loss (Fair Value through 
Profit and Loss-FVTPL)  and;
          b) Those measured at Amortized Cost
1. Financial Assets at Amortized Cost includes assets that are held within a business model where the 
objective is to hold the financial assets to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms give rise 
on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount 
outstanding.
      
    These assets are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The loss 
allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and 
credit risk exposure.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 103
===== PAGE 106 =====
       The Company also measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the 
lifetime expected credit losses (ECL) if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased 
significantly since initial recognition.
        2.  Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) : There are no such  
asset.
     
          3.  Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
       
     The Company has investment in shares which are fair valued through Profit & Loss account. Any 
transaction cost on the same are expensed to Profit & Loss account. The total Net Gain/(Loss) on 
Investments in mutual funds/ shares due to fair valuation is Rs. (2,44,599)/- (Previous Year 
Rs.23,25,406/-)
ii.       Impairment of Financial Assets:
          All financial assets are reviewed for impairment at least at each reporting date to identify whether there is 
any evidence that a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. Different criteria to 
determine impairment are applied for each category of financial assets.
      
iii.      Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting:                   
          There are no such transactions.
 iv.     Trade Receivables
 The Company follows 'Simplified Approach' for recognition of impairment loss allowance based on 
lifetime Expected Credit Loss at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition.
 v.      Derecognition of Financial Assets
          financial asset is derecognised only when;
a)       The Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset or
b)      The Company retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but expects a 
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more recipients. There are no such derecognitions.
7)       Financial Liabilities:
I.       Classification, Subsequent Measurement and Derecognition of Financial Liabilities
a.     Classification
       Financial Liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or 
loss or at amortised cost. The Company's financial liabilities include borrowings & trade and other 
payables.
b.     Subsequent Measurement
        Financial Liabilities are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method All .
interest-related charges and, if applicable, changes in an instrument's fair value that are reported in profit 
or loss are included within finance costs or finance income.
c.     Derecognition
        Financial Liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or has 
expired. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. 
The difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D104
===== PAGE 107 =====
8)   Inventories
          Inventories are valued at lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realisable value is the estimated 
selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated cost of completion and the estimated 
costs necessary to make the sale. Cost is ascertained on weighted average basis in accordance with the 
method of valuation prescribed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
  i.   Raw Materials
  Raw Materials are valued at cost of purchase, net of duties (credit availed w.r.t taxes and duties) and 
includes all expenses incurred in bringing the materials to location of use.
 ii.   Work-in-Process and Finished Goods
  Work-in-Process and Finished Goods include conversion costs in addition to the landed cost of raw 
materials.
 iii.  Stores and Spares
   Stores, Spares and Tools Cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition.
9) Income Taxes
 Tax expense recognized in the statement of profit or loss comprises the sum of deferred tax and current tax 
not recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
 Calculation of current tax is based on tax rates in accordance with tax laws that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred income taxes are calculated using the 
liability method on temporary differences between tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amounts for financial reporting purposes at reporting date. Deferred taxes pertaining to items recognised in 
other comprehensive income (OCI) are disclosed under OCI.
 Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that the underlying tax loss or deductible 
temporary difference will be utilized against future tax liability. This is assessed based on the Company's 
forecast of future earnings, excluding non-taxable income and expenses and specific limits on the use of 
any unused tax loss or credit.
 Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized in full, although Ind AS 12 'Income Taxes' specifies some 
exemptions. As a result of these exemptions the Company does not recognize deferred tax liability on 
temporary differences relating to goodwill, or to its investments in subsidiaries.
10)  Post-Employment Benefits and Short-Term Employee Benefits
 i. Short Term Obligations:
   Short term obligations are those that are expected to be settled fully within 12 months after the end of the 
reporting period. They are recognised up to the end of the reporting period at the amounts expected to 
be paid at the time of settlement.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 105
===== PAGE 108 =====
     ii. Other Long Term Employee Benefits Obligations:
 The liabilities for earned leave are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after end of the period 
in which the employees render the related service. They are, therefore, recognized and providedfor at the 
present value of the expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employee up to 
the end of reporting period using the projected unit credit method. The benefits are discounted using the 
market yields at the end of the reporting period that have terms approximating to the terms of the related 
obligation. Remeasurements because of experience adjustments and changesin actuarial assumptions are 
recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
   The obligations are presented as current liabilities in the balance sheet if the entity does not have an 
unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of 
when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
     iii. Post-Employment Obligation:
    The Company operates the following post-employment schemes:
 a)  Defined Contribution Plan such as Gratuity & Provident Fund    
      Obligation:   
     The company has created The Employees Group Gratuity Fund which has taken Gratuity Cum Life 
Insurance Policy from LIC of India. Premium on said policy is calculated by LIC & Conveyed to us on the 
basic of Project Unit Credit Method. The same is accounted for in books of accounts.  
          Provident Fund:
        The eligible employees of the Company are entitled to receive benefits in respect of provident fund, a 
defined contribution plan, in which both employees and the Company make monthly contributions at a 
specified percentage of the covered employees salary. The provident fund contributions are made to 
EPFO.
          Bonus Payable:
       The Company recognises a liability and an expense for bonus. The Company recognises a provision 
where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.
11)     Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
i.        Provisions:
        A provision is recorded when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of 
past events and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the 
amount can be reasonably estimated.
 
         Provisions are evaluated at the present value of management's best estimate of the expenditure required 
to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the 
present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and 
the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as 
interest expenses.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D106
===== PAGE 109 =====
ii.      Contingent Liabilities:
         Whenever there is possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed  
only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the 
control of the entity or a present obligation  that arises from past events  but is not recognised  because  
(a) it is not probable  that an outflow  of resources embodying economic benefits will be required  to settle 
the obligation; or (b) the amount  of the obligation  cannot  be measured  with sufficient reliability are 
considered as contingent  liability. Show cause notices are not considered as Contingent Liabilities 
unless converted into demand.
iii.     Contingent  Assets:
        The Company does not recognise contingent assets. If it is virtually certain then they will be recognised as 
asset. These are assessed continually to ensure that the developments are appropriately disclosed in 
the financial statements.
12)     Earnings Per Share:
        Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. The 
weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events including 
a bonus issue, bonus element in a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and reverse share 
split (consolidation of shares). For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or 
loss for the period attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares 
outstanding during the period are considered for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
13)     Cash and Cash Equivalents and Cash Flow Statement:
         Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, together with other short-term, 
highly liquid investments maturing within three months from the date of acquisition and which are readily 
convertible into cash and which are subject to only an insignificant risk of changes in value.  
     Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit/(loss) before tax is appropriately 
classified for the effects of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future 
receipts or payments.  In the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, 
cheques on hand, balances with banks in current accounts and other short- term highly liquid 
investments with original maturities of three months or less.
14)    Segment Reporting:
 
        The Company operates in one business segment namely “Auto Components”. Hence reporting under this 
standard is not applicable.
15)    Borrowing Costs:
      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are 
capitalized during the period of time that is necessary to complete and prepare the asset for its intended 
use or sale. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred under finance 
costs. During the year, the company has capitalized borrowing costs of Rs.12,08,935/-
 
 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 107
===== PAGE 110 =====
16) Related Party Disclosures as per IND AS 24
Following are the related parties: - (Rs. in Lakhs)
Sr.
No.
Name of 
Party
Relation  Current Year 
31.03.2026
Balance 
Nature of 
Transaction
 Transactions 
during the 
year
1. Mani  Auto 
Components
2.
Mr. Nitin Menon is 
a Partner
Menon United 
Pvt. Ltd.
(Formerly known 
as Karveer 
United Pvt.Ltd.
. 
Mr. Nitin Menon is 
a Chairman
Sales 
Service Charges
Corporate Services
9.
Mr. Arun R .
Aradhye
Whole time Director 
& CFO
Director's 
Remuneration
10.
Mr. Aditya N.
Menon
Mr. Anshul N. 
Menon
Salary
Rent
Son of Executive 
Chairman
Son of Executive 
Chairman
11. Mr. Anshul N.
Menon
SalarySon of Executive 
Chairman
12. Sou. Sucheta N.
Menon
RentWife of Executive 
Chairman
8.
 Previous Year 
31.03.2025
Balance 
Transactions 
during 
Previous 
year
3. Flyga Auto 
Pvt.Ltd.
Mr. Nitin Menon is 
a Chairman
Motor Vehicle 
Repairs Charges
4. Flyga Resorts 
Pvt. Ltd.
Mr. Nitin Menon 
is a Chairman
Purchase of 
Material
Sunshine Acres Mr. Nitin Menon is 
a Partner
5. Services
Mr. R. D. Dixit6. Managing Director Remuneration
Mr. Nitin Menon7. Executive Chairman Remuneration
Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary
Menon Alkop 
Ltd.
Mrs. Kailash A.
Nevagi
IIndependent 
Director
13.
15. Mr. M.L.Shinde
Dr. Santosh K. 
Prabhu
Independent 
Director
14.
16.
Menon Brakes 
Limited
17.
Purchase of Equity 
Shares
Menon Bearings 
New Ventures Ltd..
Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary
Sitting Fees
Sitting Fees
Independent
Director
Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary
Sitting Fees
Advance
18.
Advance/Debtors
Purchase of Equity 
Shares
Advance
437.24
   8.25
0.50
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
826.00
-
-
-
457.22
-
12.08
-
449.51
   0.17
0.13
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
826.00
-
-
-
405.44
-
11.80
114.13
19.
Shri Nandan 
Borgalkar
Independent
Director
Sitting Fees
1,655.17
21.00
175.67
- 
14.41
1.75
49.93
96.26
-
7.94
11.35
15.00
168.76
-
0.10
0.20
0.25
181.84
-
-
0.29
0.15 - -
1,670.55
21.00
77.69
10.05
4.56
0.54
49.93
89.92
30.93
7.94
9.66
15.00
228.76
825.00
0.25
0.20
0.20
62.89
108.08
-
1.01
-
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D108
- -
===== PAGE 111 =====
Notes:
a.      Mr. Nitin Menon – Executive Chairman, Mr. Arun Aradhye –Managing Director and Mr. Chandrakant Ghatge CFO 
are employees of the Company. Mr. M.L.Shinde, Mrs. Kailash A.Nevagi, Mr.Nandan Borgalkar and Dr. Santosh 
Prabhu Independent Directors are not paid any remuneration, only Sitting Fees are paid to them. The salary, 
perquisites and remuneration paid are disclosed under Report on Corporate Governance( point no.8.3) as 
details of Remuneration and Sitting Fees paid to Directors
b.     Apart from above mentioned parties, following parties are also related parties of the Company. However, no  
significant transactions took place with these parties during the year.
            1.  Flyga Hotels Pvt. Ltd. 
            2.  Give Artisans Trust.
c.        Mr.  Nitin Menon & Menon United Pvt .Ltd. hold 10% or more shares in the Company.
17)      Government Grants:
            The Company has a policy to recognize Government Grants only when-
i)          It has complied with the conditions attached to it and
ii)       there is a reasonable assurance that it will be received. Grants related to assets are presented in the Balance 
Sheet as deferred income and recognized in Profit and Loss account on systematic basis over the useful life of 
the asset. Currently there are no such grants. Grants related to income are presented as part of Profit and Loss 
account under “Other Operating Revenue”. Grants related to duty drawback refunds are accounted on receipt 
basis as the time frame within which it will be received cannot be estimated. Government Grants in the form of 
duty drawback accounted during current year is Rs 2,37,06,632/-(previous year Rs. 1,08,19,327/-)
18)      Foreign Currency Transactions
         Foreign currency transactions are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currency of the Company by 
applying the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction.
          Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, including trade receivables, are translated 
into the functional currency at the closing exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date.
        Exchange differences arising on settlement of monetary items or on restatement of monetary items at rates 
different from those at which they were initially recorded or reported in previous financial statements are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they arise.
           Accordingly, trade receivables denominated in foreign currencies are restated at the closing exchange rate as at 
31 March 2026, and the resultant foreign exchange gain or loss is recognised in the Statement of Profit and 
Loss for the year ended 31 March 2026. Rs.1,16,74,462.00 (Previous year Rs.12,54,639.00)
          Non-monetary items measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at 
the date of the transaction and are not subsequently restated.
 
  19)    Investments in Subsidiaries
        Subsidiaries are entities over which the Company has control. The Company controls an investee when it is 
exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect 
those returns through its power over the investee.
      Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in the Company's separate financial statements at cost in 
accordance with Ind AS 27, Separate Financial Statements.
          The cost of investment comprises the purchase consideration and directly attributable acquisition costs, where 
applicable. Investments in subsidiaries are subsequently carried at cost less impairment losses, if any.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 109
===== PAGE 112 =====
      The Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is any indication that an investment in a subsidiary 
may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the investment is estimated and an 
impairment loss is recognised in the Statement of Proﬁt and Loss to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds 
its recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised and reversed, if applicable, in accordance with the 
requirements of Ind AS 36, Impairment of Assets.
       Dividend income from subsidiaries is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the Company's right to
        receive payment is established.
20)  Interests in Subsidiaries
     The Company has investments in wholly owned subsidiaries which are accounted for at cost in the separate 
ﬁnancial statements.
        The following table sets out the details of the Company's subsidiaries as at 31 March 2026:
   
 
      The Company holds 100% of the equity share capital and voting rights in the above subsidiary and accordingly 
exercises control over the entity.
       There are no signiﬁcant restrictions on the ability of the subsidiary to transfer funds to the Company in the form of 
dividends, repayment of loans or advances, except those arising from applicable statutory and regulatory 
requirements.
     During the year, there were no changes in the composition of the Group and no changes in the Company's 
ownership interest in its subsidiary.
       The Company has provided ﬁnancial support to the subsidiary which are disclosed in Related party transactions.
III.    Significant management judgment in applying accounting policies and estimation of Uncertainty
    While preparing the financial statements, management has made a number of judgments, estimates and     
assumptions about the recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
 
(i)    Significant Management Judgment
      The following are significant management judgments in applying the accounting policies of the Company that 
have significant effect on the financial statements.
        Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets/Liability
       The extent to which deferred tax assets/Liability can be recognized is based on an assessment of the probability 
that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax loss 
carry-forwards can be utilized. In addition, careful judgment is exercised in assessing the impact of any legal or 
economic limits or uncertainties in various tax issues.
Name of Subsidiary  Country of Incorporation Principal Activities Ownership Interest (%)
Menon Alkop Ltd.                India          
        Menon Brakes Ltd.        
        MBNV Ltd.     
   India          
   India           Fully owned subsidiary        
 Fully owned subsidiary        
 Fully owned subsidiary        
     100%
     100%
     100%
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D110
===== PAGE 113 =====
    (ii)   Estimation of Uncertainty
          Information about estimates and assumptions that have the most significant effect on recognition and 
measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses is mentioned below.  Actual results may be different.
           a.   Impairment of Non-Financial Assets 
       In assessing impairment, management has estimated economic usefulness of the assets, the recoverable 
amount of each asset or cash- generating units based on expected future cash flows and use of an 
interestrateto discount them. Estimation of uncertainty relates to assumptions about economically future 
operating cash flows and the determination of a suitable discountrate.           
           b.  Useful Lives of Depreciable Assets 
            Management reviews its estimate of the useful lives of depreciable assets at each reporting date, based on the 
expected utility of the assets. Uncertainties in these estimates relate to technological obsolescence that may 
change the utility of assets including Intangible Assets.
           c.  Inventories  
Management has carefully estimated the net realizable values of inventories, taking into account the most 
reliable evidence available at each reporting date.  The future realization of these inventories may be affected 
by market-driven changes.
           d.  Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO) 
           Management's estimate of the DBO is based on a number of critical underlying assumptions such as standard 
rates of inflation, mortality, discount rate and anticipation of future salary increases. Variation in these 
assumptions may significantly impact the DBO amount and the annual defined benefit expenses (as analysed 
in Note No. 26 & 27).
           e.  Current and Non-Current Classification
            All assets and liabilities have been classified as Current or Non-Current as per the Company's normal operating 
cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the nature of products 
and time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash and cash equivalents, 
the Company has ascertained its operating cycle as twelve months for the purpose of current or non-current 
classification of assets and liabilities.
.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 111
===== PAGE 114 =====
NOTES OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR YEAR ENDING 31.03.2026 (CONTD.)
Note No. 02       FIXED  ASSETS
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT F.Y. 2025-2026
GROSS BLOCK DEPRICIATION NET BLOCK
Ye
ar
s
ParticularsSr.
No
1
Opening
Balance
Additi-
ons
Deleti-
ons
Total Upto On
Openi-
ng
On
Addit-
ions
For
the
Year
Adjus-
tments
Total As on
31.03.
26
As on
31.03.
25
A.  Tangible Assets
Land 
( Free Hold)
Site
Develop-
ment
Building
Plant and
Machinery
Electrical
Installation
Tools and
Implements
Effiluent
Treatement
Plant
Office
Equipments
Miscellan-
eous
Assets
Computers
Furniture & 
Fixture
Vehicles
Electrical
Forklift
TOTAL
Land 
(Lease Hold)
2
3
4
5
6
7
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
-
-
-
30
15
15
15
15
15
5
15
15
10
6
8
10
Material
Handling
Equipments
8
Fire
Fighting
9
731.59
36.76
      502.07
   2,656.25
   7,149.35
      434.31
      541.09
      67.58
                      98.18
        61.62
        68.52
      205.99
      447.64
8.50
  13,338.60
    -
-
    4.41
    15.09
    64.29
        0.48
      33.72
-
      0.86
17.34
        1.80
        5.80
21.63
-
  669.76
-
       -
        41.37         1.82
        68.88 -
      731.59
36.76
      506.48
   2,671.34
   7,213.64
      434.79
      574.81
      43.19
68.88
67.58
        99.04
        78.97
        70.32
      211.79
469.27
8.50
  14,008.37
Previous
Year Amount
      67.93
-
        4.10
    599.63
  4,020.84
    214.99
340.49
      28.75
      19.11
      48.36
      85.81
      3.64
      59.17
      119.00
    264.28
        5.02
  5,900.48
9.37
-
             0.59
       80.10
    283.91
       27.82
       23.32
           1.43
           3.89
           2.86
           6.13
           3.75
           2.92
         10.45
       27.7
             0.54 
    504.00
-
-
-
-
    2.40
      0.04
      1.19
      0.07
-
-
      0.01
0.47
      0.30
      0.08
0.11
-
    11.67
   9.37
-
0.59
   80.10
  286.31
   27.86
   24.51
   1.51
     3.89
-
     6.13
     4.22
     3.22
   10.53
   27.81
0.54
  515.67
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
     2.86
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
      77.31
-
        4.68
    679.73
  4,307.14
    242.85
    364.99
      30.26
      23.00
      51.22
      91.94
      7.86
      62.39
    129.53
    292.08
        5.56
  6,416.13
2,453.93 - 13,338.62 5,477.05 404.03 18.56 422.59 (0.84)
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
      -
-
-
-
-
-
(Rs. in Lakhs)
10,884.69 5,900.49
Lease Assets18 8
151.59
- 67.31
        0.13            9.60
- 9.62 -         28.85-
1
2
Technical
Know-how
Computer
Software
3
3
52.45
        45.81
-
      4.60
-
-
52.45
        50.41
52.45
      41.71
-
     0.87
     0.87
0.76
      0.11
      0.11
0.46
-
     0.98
     0.98
1.22
-
-
-
-
52.45
      42.69
TOTAL
96.50
        4.60
1.65
-
-
      102.86
98.25
    94.16
92.94
    95.14
94.16Previous
Year Amount
-
-
      98.26
-
B. Intangible Assets
17 Solar Plant 15 502.52 654.11 7.00 16.60         16.74
-
        7.71
        7.71
4.09
    654.28
          36.76 
              501.80
  1,991.61
  2,906.49
    191.94
    209.82
      12.93
      45.88
      16.37
      7.10
      71.11
        7.93
      82.26
    177.19
        2.94
  7,592.25
7,438.14
        38.46
        637.38
67.31         19.23        9.62
-
        4.09
        4.09
3.66
    663.66
          36.76 
              497.97
  2,056.62
  3,128.51
    219.32
    200.60
      12.62
      49.77
      19.23
      12.37
      57.98
        9.36
      86.99
    183.37
        3.48
  7,438.14
5,407.64
        48.08
        151.46
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D112
===== PAGE 115 =====
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Note No.03
c)  Investments
1)  Investment in Equity Shares of Wholly Owned Subsidiary
(as fully paid, unquoted)
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
 8,25,00,000 Equity Shares of Menon Brakes Limited 
(Face Value of Re. 1/- each) 
SUB-TOTAL  
1,00,000 Equity Shares of Menon Alkop Limited 
 (face Value of Re. 1/- Each)
1,00,000 Equity Shares of Menon Bearings New Ventures 
Limited (face Value of Re. 1/- Each)
8,25,00,000 Equity Shares of Menon Alkop Limited
8,25,00,000 Shares Issue of Re.1 Each 
For Premium of Rs. 2.42  
825.00
2,823.50
1.00
1.00
825.00
2,823.50
1.00
1.00
1,996.50 1,996.50
SUB- TOTAL  
Kotak Emerging Equity Fund - Growth Plan - 52,443.768 Units 
(Previous Year 42,050.573 Units
Kotak  Equity Opportunities Regular Fund -   Growth Plan - 8,273.515 
Units (Previous Year 5,974.262 Units
Kotak  Multicap  Regular Fund - Growth Plan - 1,38,922.351 Units 
(Previous Year 1,00,364.171 Units)
Kotak  Large & Multicap Fund  Reg Gr. - Growth Plan - 2,280.713 
Units (Previous Year 0.00 Units)
ICICI Balanced Advantage Fund -Growth Plan - 2,23,028.197 Units 
(Previous Year 1,78,420.513 Units)
ICICI India Opportunities Fund - Growth Plan - 89,487.137 Units 
(Previous Year 77,106.702 Units)
ICICI  Business Cycle  Fund - Growth Plan - 1,29,413.463 Units 
(Previous Year 1,11,499.762 Units)
Nippon India Large Cap Fund - Growth Plan - 1,40,539.55 Units 
(Previous Year 1,32,950.65 Units)
Nippon India Flexi Cap Fund - Growth Plan - 78,207.45 Units 
(Previous Year 65,370.313 Units)
Nippon Balanced Advantage Fund - Growth Plan - 1,01,187.95 Units 
(Previous Year 88,827.01 Units)
02) Investment in Mutual Fundrs (Quoted)
TOTAL  
   63.97
25.84
24.27
  7.12
  160.11
 29.83
  28.94
114.55
 636.42
11.31
 3,459.92
   49.68
18.58
0.00
  123.75
  25.51
 24.86
  110.97
9.96
 529.76 
149.28
 3,353.26
17.15
170.48
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 113
===== PAGE 116 =====
TOTAL
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
TOTAL  
Note No.07
(ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents
(iii) Bank Balance other than (ii) above
         i) In Current A/c
         ii) In Fixed Deposits & Recurring Deposit 
iii) Other Bank Balances  
Earmarked Balances with Banks- Dividend Warrant Accounts
TOTAL  
Note No.08
(iv) Loans  - Short -Term Loans & Advances
Other Advance
Staff Advance
Interest accrued but not received
Other Deposits
Prepaid Expenses
Advance Income Tax
Menon Brakes Limited
Menon Alkop Branch Account
TOTAL  
Note No.05
Current  Assets - 
(a) Inventories
     a) Raw Material
     b) Stores & Spares
     c) Finished Goods
     d) Work in Process
TOTAL  
Note No.04
(i) Long Term - Security Deposit
Telephone Deposit
MSEB Deposit
Water Deposit
TOTAL  
Note No.06
(b) Financial Assets - 
(i)Trade Receivables
(Unsecured, Considered Good)
Outstanding for a period exceeding 6 months
Other Debts
516.57
250.10
0.56
39.60
209.94
156.30
406.40
7.49
8.31
-
27.84
 33.05
2.23
457.22
(19.57)
614.80
136.69
1,033.80
327.82
2,113.10
0.57
140.38
2.02
142.97
588.77
6,059.99
6,648.76
453.34
1,176.67
0.42
240.16
936.08
165.15
1,341.82
4.04
12.55
-
27.84
 23.03
0.01
405.44
(19.57)
315.85
145.33
859.99
244.57
1,565.73
0.63
140.38
2.02
143.03
16.13
3,847.77
3,863.90
Note : Hypothecated to HDFC Bank against Cash Credit facilities of Rs.20 crore.
Note : (Out of the above Fixed Deposits, deposits amounting to Rs.20.43 lakhs 
are lien mark with the bank against the Bank Guarantee issued in favour of MPCB.)
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D114
===== PAGE 117 =====
Name of the Shareholder
31.03.2025
No. of Shares
31.03.2026
Nitin Ram Menon
Menon United Pvt. Ltd. (Formerly Karveer United Pvt Ltd)
Sucheta Nitin Menon
Aditya Nitin Menon
Anshul Nitin Menon
1,54,43,454
1,36,19,800
28,01,964
32,44,978
32,44,978
 No. of Shares% %
27.56
24.30
5.00
5.79
5.79
27.56
24.30
5.00
5.79
5.79
01) The Company has a single class of equity shares. All equity shares rank equally with regard to dividends 
and shares in the company's residual assets.
02) Equity shareholders List holding more than 5% of equity shares along with the number of equity shares 
held is as given below: 
Advance to Suppliers
c) Other Current Assets
TOTAL
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Note No.09
Equity
(a) Equity Share Capital
Authorised:
10,10,00,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each fully paid
(Previous Year 10,10,00,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each) 
Issued,Subscribed and Paid-Up :
5,60,40,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each fully paid
(Previous year 5,60,40,000 Equity Shares of 
Re.1 each fully paid ) 
71.66
71.66
560.40 
    1,010.00 
      560.40 
TOTAL
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
71.50
71.50
560.40 
    1,010.00 
      560.40 
1,54,43,454
1,36,19,800
28,01,964
32,44,978
32,44,978
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 115
===== PAGE 118 =====
Non Current Liabilities
Note No. 11
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Long-Term Borrowings
a) Term Loan from Banks
Shri Mahalaxmi Bank 
Bajaj Finance Ltd
HDFC Bank Ltd
LIABILITIES
TOTAL
Note No. 10
(b) Other Equity
General Reserve
Add : Current Year
Sub-Total
Capital Reserve
Revaluation Reserve
Profit & Loss Account (Surplus)
Note: 
a. Surplus
Opening Balance
Less - Reserve & Surplus
Add:- Net Profit for the current period
Profit available for appropriation
Less: Dividend Paid on Equity Shares
TOTAL
TOTAL
Add:- Other Comprehensive Income
Add - DTL Reversal on OCI
Less: Transfer to General Reserve
Balance carried forward to Balance Sheet
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
234.05
937.04
58.70
1,229.79
14,762.86
1,401.47
75.00
1,476.47
25.00
0.00
13,261.39
3,262.95
(25.10)
14,457.19
1,120.80
-
13,336.39
13,261.39
75.00
11,219.35
0.00
0.00
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
1,425.93
78.83
1,504.76
12,648.37
1,326.47
75.00
1,401.47
25.00
2.56
11,219.35
2,015.73
(30.28)
12,415.15
1,120.80
-
11,294.35
11,219.35
75.00
12,721.18
(2,303.53)
12.04
0.00
Bank Name Loan Amt in
lakhs
(Outstanding)
Installment 
Amt. in
Lakhs (Yearly)
Loan Amt.
 in lakhs
(Outstanding)
Installment
Amt. in
Lakhs (Yearly)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
Mahalaxmi Bank 372.36 138.31
Bajaj Finance Ltd. - Term Loan 1,425.93 488.89
0.00 0.00
1,914.81 488.89
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D116
===== PAGE 119 =====
Particulars
Current Year
Ended on
31.03.2026
Previous Year
Ended on
31.03.2025
Note No. 12
( C ) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Deferred Tax Liability 
a) Depreciation Opening
Add: During the year
Closing Liability (a)
b) Disallowances as per Section 43B & 40(a)of Income Tax Act
Opening
Add: During the year
Closing Asset (b)
c) Others Opening
Add:- During the Year
Closing Asset (c)
Deferred Tax Liability (Net) (a-b-c)
411.74
78.78
490.52
(12.71)
(8.13)
(20.84)
(27.24)
0.48
(26.76)
TOTAL
Notes:
A) Bajaj Finance Limited:- Loan of Rs.22 Crores is Sanctioned. The loan has a moratorium period of 12 months (Interest to 
be served as an when applied). The total loan tenure is 66 months, including moratorium  period. The loan is repayable in 
54 equated monthly principal installments starting August 2024. The rate of interest is 8.90%, The loan is secured by 
charge on entire immovable and movable fixed assets of the company located at B-2. The loan is also secured by personal 
gaurantee of Mr.Nitin Menon
B) HDFC Bank Limited:- Loan of Rs.1.21 Crores. The total loan Tenure is 60 months . The loan is secured by hypothication 
of Rooftop solar system. The rate of interest is 7.50%. The loan is also secured by personal gaurantee of Mr.Nitin Menon.                                  
C) Shri Mahalaxmi co-op Bank :- Loan of Rs.4.12 Crores is sanctiond. The loan has a moratorium period of 03 months 
(interest to be served as an when applied). The total loan tenure is 36 months. including moratorium period. The loan is 
repayable is 33 equiated monthly principal installments starting March - 2026. The rate of interest is 8.50% The loan is 
secured by charge on entire immovable fixed assets of the company located at A-4/2. The loan is also secured by personal 
gaurantee of Mr.Nitin Menon.
(ii) Lease Liability 33.58 42.88
Bank Name Loan Amt in
lakhs
(Outstanding)
Installment 
Amt. in
Lakhs (Yearly)
Loan 
Amt 
in lakhs
Installment
Amt. in
Lakhs (Yearly)
31.03.2026 31.03.2025
HDFC Bank Ltd. - Term Loan 79.27 20.56
Federal Bank Limited 0.00 0.00
99.40 20.56
0.00 0.00
1,263.37 1,547.64
392.30
19.44
411.74
(0.22)
(12.50
(12.71)
(14.01)
(13.23)
(27.24)
371.79442.92
1,877.55 647.77 2,014.21 509.45TOTAL
TOTAL
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 117
===== PAGE 120 =====
Notes: Loan From
a) HDFC Bank Ltd. Kolhapur is secured by exclusive charge on entire current assets, movable and immovable 
fixed assets at G-1, MIDC Gokul Shirgaon,kolhapur and  personal guarantee of Mr.Nitin Menon.
Particulars
Current Year
Ended on
31.03.2026
Previous Year
Ended on
31.03.2025
Current Liabilities
Note No. 13
(a) Financial Liabilities
     Name of Bank 
HDFC Bank Ltd Cash Credit
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - HDFC Bank Ltd.
Fedral Bank Ltd. - Cash Credit
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - Bajaj Finance
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - Solar Plant - Mahalaxmi Bank
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - Solar Plant - HDFC Bank
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - Fedral Bank Ltd.
TOTAL
802.82
0.00
0.00
488.89
138.31
20.56
0.00
1,450.58
856.71
0.00
0.00
488.89
0.00
20.56
0.00
1,366.17
Note No. 15
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities
Gratuity Payable
Deposit from Customers
C.S.R.(CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY)
Provision for Expenses
Unpaid / Unclaimed Dividend
TOTAL
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Previous Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Note No. 14
(ii) Trade Payable
Trade Payable
Trade Payable (M.S.M.E.)
TOTAL
24.64
37.77
(0.25)
519.95
156.30
738.41
1,625.53
17.18
1,642.71
25.17
38.92
(20.39)
430.70
165.15
639.56
939.10
18.70
957.81
Note:
There are no amounts due and outstanding to be credited to investor education and protection fund as on 
st
31  March -2026
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D118
===== PAGE 121 =====
Note No. 16
(b) Other Current Liabilities
TOTAL
Statutory Liabilities
Advance From Customers
Leave Encashment
GST Tax Payable - Current Dues
Lease Liability
TOTAL
Note No. 17
Sales
1.   Automotive Components
2.  Scrap Sale
122.60
-
33
105.35
(58.24)
7.99
20,936.46
363.98
21,300.43
Particulars
Current Year
Ended on
31.03.2026
Previous Year
Ended on
31.03.2025
(Rs. in Lakhs)
101.16
-
34.33
143.06
(0.42)
7.99
16,334.76
238.27
16,573.04
Other Amount Payable - -
TOTAL
Note No. 18
Other Operating Revenue
a) Exchange Difference
b) Sale of DEPB/ RODTEP License
c) Duty Drawback Refund
e) Income from Other Source
f) Other Income
g) Profit on Sale of Fixed Asset
116.74
-
237.07
14.14
-
-
379.96
d) Lease Rent Received 12.00
12.55
-
108.19
0.12
-
7.43
140.29
12.00
Note No. 19
Other Income
Income from Non-Current Investments
b) Interest Received
c) Net Gain / Loss on Sale/ Revaluation of Investments 
43.31
(2.45)
329.97
88.13
23.25
111.39
a) Dividend from Companies 289.10 0.00
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 119
===== PAGE 122 =====
Particulars
Previous  Year
 Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Note No. 20
Cost of Materials Consumed
A) Raw Material
Opening Stock
Add : Purchases
 
 Total : 
Less: Closing Stock
Total : 
315.85
9,470.10
9,171.15
9,785.95
614.80
614.80
Note No. 21
Changes in Stock of Work-in-Process and Finished Goods
Opening Stock
Finished Goods
Work in Process
Closing Stock :
Finished Goods
Work in Process
Increase / (Decrease) in Stock 
1,104.55
1,361.62
859.99
244.57
1,033.80
327.82
(257.07)              
TOTAL
TOTAL
TOTAL
369.81
6,781.01
6,834.97
315.85
315.85
993.51
1,104.55
771.22
222.29
859.99
244.57
(111.04)              
7,150.82
Note No. 22
Employee Benefits Expenses
Directors Remuneration
Salary and Wages
Labour Welfare
Contribution to Provident Fund
Contribution to Group Gratuity Trust
TOTAL
314.66
1,100.56
64.42
97.23
61.13
1,638.00
368.61
979.44
43.87
83.89
64.33
1,540.14
Cost of Finance
Interest
Bank Commission & Other Charges
TOTAL 313.08
299.51
13.57
Note No. 23
276.53
268.68
7.84
(Rs. in Lakhs)
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D120
===== PAGE 123 =====
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Previous  Year 
Ended  on
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Note No. 24
Operating and Other Expenses
A] Operating Expenses
Stores & Spares Consumed
Electricity
Power & Fuel Expense
Electric Material
Outside Labour Charges
Contract Labour Charges
Water Charges
Repairs & Maintenance
Testing Fees
Hamali
Machining Charges
Total (A) - Operating Expenses 
1,190.93
1,329.53
95.47
0.19
357.00
1,612.78
28.89
222.83
19.46
7.49
0.36
4,864.93
931.95
1,248.46
78.96
-
172.61
1,380.79
18.93
184.73
6.31
6.96
0.42
4,030.11
B] Other Expenses
Advertisement
C.S.R.(Corporate Social Responsibility) Expenses
i) Audit Fees
iv) Other Services
Business Expenses
Establishment Expenses
Foreign Tour Expenses
Freight Outward
Insurance
Building Repairs
Legal & Consultation
Misc. Expenses
Postage, Telephone 
Printing & Stationary
Rent, Rates and Taxes
Sales Promotion Expenses
Sitting Fees
Traveling Expenses
Vehicle & Conveyance Expenses
Total B] Other Expenses
Total [A+B] Operating and Other Expenses
Loss on Sale of Asset
ii) For Tax Matters
iii) For Company Law Matters
Donation
7.29
69.19
2.40
0.30
0.45
0.09
26.26
0.02
21.00
0.00
343.46
26.81
43.30
63.19
24.56
11.10
12.87
34.37
659.05
0.70
85.31
-
26.06
1,457.57
                              0.33                   
            0.45                     
          0.20                    
        58.31                      
         0.12                      
      21.00                             
  8.87                       
  297.31                          
  20.21                           
 71.41                           
 66.41                          
 19.21                          
  10.28                          
  10.85                            
25.78                       
 333.26                     
  0.65                           
 91.00                            
   1.17                            
27.40                      
1,148.83
5,178.93 
9.55
72.85
2.20
6,322.50
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 121
===== PAGE 124 =====
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Previous  Year 
Ended  on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Note No. 25
Tax Expense
Current Tax
Deferred Tax
TOTAL
Note No. 26
Retirement Benefits (Gratuity)
Valuation Method - Projected Unit Credit Method
1. Results of Valuation 
a. PV of Past Service Benefit
b. Current Service Costs
c. Total Service Gratuity 
d. Accured Gratuity
e. LCSA
f. LC Premiun
GST Tax @ 18 %
       972.00
71.13
1,043.13
522.12
24.64
608.26
86.14
321.20
1.40
                      0.25
       659.88
5.76
665.64
503.51
25.17
555.52
52.01
349.49
1.50
                      0.27
2.  Recommended Contribution Rate
a. Fund Value as on Renewal Date
b. Additional Contribution for Existing Fund
c. Current Service Costs
3. Total Amount Payable Rs. (1.f +1.g+2.b+2.c)
4. Less: Amount Paid
5. Liability Appearing in Balance Sheet
Note No. 27
Leave Encashment
Valuation Method - Projected Unit Credit Method
A) Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss recognized for the period
Asset Limit Effect
Return on Plan Assets excluding Net Interest
Unirecognized Actuarial (Gain)/Loss from previous period
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss recognized in (OCI)
B) Movements in the Liability recognized in Balance Sheet
Opening Net Liability
Adjustment to Opening Balance
Expenses as Above
Contribution Paid
Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Closing Net Liability
193.19
-
24.64
26.29
1.65
24.64
             25.10
                             -   
                            -   
                            -   
                   25.10
34.33
                         -   
(26.43)
-
                  25.10
33.00
127.47
-
25.17
26.94
1.77
25.17
             30.28
                             -   
                            -   
                            -   
                   30.28
32.22
                         -   
(28.17)
-
                  30.28
34.33
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D122
===== PAGE 125 =====
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 123
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Previous  Year 
Ended  on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Project Temporarily Suspended
Note No. 28
st 
Capital Work In Progress Ageing as at 31 March, 2026
Particulars         2-3 years
Project in Progress - -
More than 
3 years
Project Temporarily Suspended - -
Less than 
1 year
7.26 -
1-2 years
- -
(Rs. in Lakhs)
More than 
3 years
-
-
st 
Capital Work In Progress Ageing as at 31 March, 2025
Particulars         2-3 years
Project in Progress - -
More than 
3 years
- -
Less than 
1 year
- -
1-2 years
- -
More than 
3 years
-
-
Total
-
-
-
7.26
Total
===== PAGE 126 =====
Note No. 29
Reconciliation of Number of Equity Shares Outstanding at the beginning and end of the year:
Particulars
st
As at 31  March, 2025
Equity Shares 
 
        No of Shares 
Balance at the beginning of the year  5,60,40,000 560.40
Amount 
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Balance at the end of the year 5,60,40,000 560.40
Shares held by Promoter & Promoter Group at the end of the year  
st 
(i.e. 31 March, 2026)
Name 
Nitin Menon
Menon United Pvt. Ltd. 
Sucheta Nitin Menon 
Aditya Nitin Menon 
Anshul Nitin Menon 
Promoter 
Promoter Group 
Promoter Group 
Promoter Group 
Promoter Group 
-
-
-
-
-
1,54,43,454
1,36,19,800
28,01,964
32,44,978
32,44,978
27.56
24.30
5.00
5.79
5.79
Sr. No. Category Number of 
Shares
% of Total 
Shares
% change during 
the year
1
2
3
4
5
st
As at 31  March, 2026
        No of Shares 
5,60,40,000 560.40
Amount 
(Rs. in Lakhs)
5,60,40,000 560.40
Note No. 30
st
Trade Payable Ageing as at 31   March, 2026
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payment / from date of invoice raised
Total 
17.19
1,625.53
-
-
1,642.71
(Rs. in Lakhs)
MSME
Others
Dispute due MSME
Dispute Due others 
TOTAL
       -
-
-
-
-
       -
-
-
-
-
       -
-
-
-
-
17.19
1,625.53
-
-
1,642.71
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
st
Trade Payable Ageing as at 31   March, 2025
Particulars
Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payment / from date of invoice raised
Total 
        18.70
939.11
-
-
957.81
(Rs. in Lakhs)
MSME
Others
Dispute due MSME
Dispute Due others 
TOTAL
       -
-
-
-
-
       -
-
-
-
-
       -
-
-
-
-
        18.70
939.11
-
-
957.81
Less than 
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D124
===== PAGE 127 =====
Note No. 31
st
Trade Receivable Ageing as at 31  March, 2026
Sr. 
No. 
Less than 
6 months Particulars 6 months 
- 1 year 
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
1
2
3
4
5
6
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-Consider Good
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-which have 
significant increase in 
Credit risk
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-Credit Impaired
Disputed Trade 
Receivable-Consider Good
Disputed Trade Receivable - 
which have significant 
increase in Credit risk
Disputed Trade Receivable - 
Credit Impaired
5,175.27
-
-
-
-
-
1,456.49
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
17.00
-
-
-
-
-
6,648.76
-
-
-
-
-
TOTAL
st
Trade Receivable Ageing as at 31  March, 2025
Sr. 
No. 
Less than 
6 months Particulars 6 months 
- 1 year 
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years 
Total
1
2
3
4
5
6
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-Consider Good
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-which have 
significant increase in 
Credit risk
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-Credit Impaired
Disputed Trade 
Receivable-Consider Good
Disputed Trade Receivable - 
which have significant 
increase in Credit risk
Disputed Trade Receivable - 
Credit Impaired
3,602.45
-
-
-
-
-
228.53
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
32.92
-
-
-
-
-
3,863.90
-
-
-
-
-
3,602.45TOTAL - - 3,863.90228.53 32.92
5,175.27 1,456.49 - - 17.00 6,648.76
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 125
===== PAGE 128 =====
Note No. 32
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activity
Sr. 
No. Particulars Year ended 
st
31  March, 2026
Year ended 
st
31  March, 2025
1
2
3
4
5
6
Amount required to be spent 
by the Company during the year 
Amount of expenditure incurred on 
i) Construction/acquisition of 
any assets
ii) On purpose of other than (i) 
above
Shortfall at the end of the year
Total of Previous year shortfall 
69.19 72.78
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Reason for short fall
Nature of CSR activities
Details of related party transactions 
in relation to CSR expenditure as per
relevant Accounting Standard :
7
- -
69.44 107.88
-
-
There is no shortfall remaining.
Promotion and development of traditional art and handicrafts, 
training to promote rural sports, promotion of education, 
promotion of health care etc. 
In terms of Amendment to Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021 (the 
nd 
CSR Rules 2021) effective from 22 January, 2021, if a Company fails to spend the prescribed CSR amount 
during the year and such unspent amount pertains to any ongoing project, the Company shall transfer the 
unspent amount to a special bank account to be opened by the Company in that behalf for that financial year in 
any scheduled bank to be called the Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility Account within a period of 30 
st 
days from the end of the relevant financial year. There is no unspent amount under CSR as on 31 March, 2026.
There are no CSR transactions related parties.
-
-
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D126
Excess Amount Spent -0.25
===== PAGE 129 =====
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 127
Note No. 33
Ratio's 
Sr. 
No. 
NumeratorParticulars Denominator
1
2
3
4
5
6
Current 
Assets
-
Due to 
increase 
in sales
-
-
-
Current Ratio 
(In times)
Debt-Equity Ratio
(In times)
Debt Service Coverage 
Ratio (In times)
Return on Equity 
(ROE) (%)
Inventory Turnover 
Ratio (In times)
Trade Receivables 
Turnover  Ratio 
(In times)
Trade Payables 
Turnover Ratio 
(In times)
Net Capital Turnover 
Ratio (In times)
Net Profit Ratio (%)
Return on Capital 
Employed (ROCE)(%)
Return on 
Investment (%)
7
8
9
10
11
Total Debt
Net 
Operating 
Income 
Net 
Income 
Cost of 
Goods Sold
Net Sales
Net Credit 
Purchase
Net Sales
Net Profit
Earning 
Before
Interest and 
Taxes
Net Income 
Current 
Liabilities
Shareholder's
Equity
Debt Service
Average
Shareholder's
Equity
Average
Inventory
Average 
Trade
Receivables
Avg Trade
Payables
Working 
Capital
Total Income
Capital 
Employed
Cost of 
Investment 
Year Ended
st
31
March, 
2026
st
31
March, 
2025
Variance Remark
for variance
more than 25%
0.17
6.91
22.87
Increase in 
profitability
8.66
4.05
8.19 -
3.66
14.82
30.14
(0.38%)
2.48
(19.52%)
40.14%
57.97%
29.39%
12.55%
14.36%
(7.47%)
23.74%
34.61%
(108.76%)
5.51%
-0.22
4.93
14.48
6.69
3.60
7.16
3.96
11.98
22.39
4.39
2.35
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri  
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN  :  26111576VKBSJW5080               
 
 
Arun Aradhye 
 Managing Director
DIN : 03052587
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00692754
As per our report of even date attached 
 Chandrakant Ghatge
 Chief Financial Officer
 
Siddheshwar Kadane  
 Company Secretary
Membership No. : A72775
Increase in 
profitability
Increase in 
profitability
Initially debt 
was very low
===== PAGE 130 =====
Independent Auditor's Report
office R.S. No. 176, Off No. 6C, 1st Floor, Eden Garden Comm. Complex,
Near Khanwilkar Petrol Pump, Nagala Park, Kolhapur - 03
phone +91 9175762650
email  arna.associates@outlook.com
TO 
THE MEMBERS OF 
MENON BEARINGS LIMITED
Report on the Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements.
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Ind AS financial statements of MENON BEARINGS LIMITED 
(“the Holding company”) & 01) Menon Alkop Limited (its Wholly owned subsidiary ) 02) Menon Brakes Limited 
(its Wholly owned subsidiary ), 03) Menon Bearings New Ventures Limited (its Wholly owned subsidiary) which 
comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 March 2026, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other Comprehensive Income), the Consolidated Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of 
Changes in Equity for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other 
explanatory information.
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
Consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed 
under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, 
(“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 
March 31, 2026 and its profit, total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for the year 
ended on that date.  
Basis for Opinion 
We conducted our audit of the Consolidated financial statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(“SA”s) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further 
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our 
report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of 
the Consolidated financial statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder, and we 
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of 
Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence obtained by us is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Consolidated financial statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of 
the financial statements of the current period. There are no such matters identified during the audit period.
Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditor's Report Thereon
The Holding Company’s Board of Directors is responsible for preparation of the other information. The other 
information comprises the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report 
including Annexures to Board’s Report, Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report, Corporate 
Governance and Shareholder’s Information, but does not include the Consolidated financial statements and our 
auditor’s report thereon. 
Our opinion on the Consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not 
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D128
===== PAGE 131 =====
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the 
Consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise 
appears to be materially misstated.  
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other 
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of the Management and those charged with Governance for the Consolidated Ind AS 
Financial Statements
The Holding Company's Board of Directors is responsible for the matters stated  in section 134(5) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) with respect to the preparation of these Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements that give a true and fair view of the consolidated state of affairs (financial position), Consolidated 
profit & loss (financial performance including other comprehensive income), consolidated cash flows and 
changes in equity of the Company in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, 
including the Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 4 of 
the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015. 
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for the maintenance 
of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provision of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the 
Company and for preventing and detecting the frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of 
appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, 
implementation and maintenance of internal financial control, that were operating effectively for ensuring the 
accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Ind 
AS financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to 
fraud or error.
In preparing the Consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company's 
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the 
going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to 
cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.  
The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the group are responsible for overseeing the 
Company's financial reporting process.
Auditor's Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these Consolidated Ind AS financial statements based on our 
audit. We have taken into account the provisions of the Act, the accounting and auditing standards and matters 
which are required to be included in the audit report under the provisions of the Act and the Rules made 
thereunder.
We conducted our audit of the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements in accordance with the Standards on 
Auditing specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Those Standards require that we comply with ethical 
requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements are free from material misstatement. An audit involves performing procedures to 
obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the Ind AS financial statements. The procedures 
selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of 
the Ind AS financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor 
considers internal financial control relevant to the Company's preparation of the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 129
===== PAGE 132 =====
statements that give true and fair view in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, 
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on whether the Company has in place an adequate internal financial 
control system over financial reporting and the operating effectiveness of such controls. An audit also includes 
evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of the accounting estimates 
made by Company's Directors, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the Consolidated Ind AS financial 
statements.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Consolidated Ind AS financial statements.
Opinion
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
Consolidated Ind AS financial statements, give the information required by the Act in the manner so required and give 
a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India including the Ind AS; 
a) of the Consolidated State of affairs (financial position) of the Group as at March 31, 2026;
b) of the Consolidated Profit (financial performance including Other Comprehensive Income) for the year ended 
on that date;
c) of the Consolidated Cash Flows for the year ended on that date; and
d) of the consolidated Changes in Equity for the year ended on that date
Report on other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1)      With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditor's Report under Section 197(16) of the Act: 
         In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the 
Company to its directors during the current year is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 of the 
Act. The remuneration paid to any director is not in excess of the limit laid down under Section 197 of the 
Act. 
2) With respect to the matters specified in paragraph 3(xxi) of the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 
('the Order'/'CARO') issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act to be 
included in the Auditor's report, according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on 
the CARO reports issued by us and by the respective auditors of the subsidiaries, associates and joint 
ventures included in the consolidated financial statements of the Holding Company, to which reporting 
under CARO is applicable, we report that there are no qualifications or adverse remarks reported by the 
respective auditors in their CARO reports.
3) As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act, we report that:
a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
b) In our opinion proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as appears 
from our examination of those books 
c) The consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including other 
comprehensive income), the consolidated Cash Flow Statement and the Statement of Changes in Equity 
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account 
d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Ind AS financial statements comply with the Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act, read with Rule 4 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) 
Rules, 2015.
st 
e) On the basis of written representations received from the directors of the group as on 31 March, 2026, taken 
on record by the Board of Directors of the respective companies, none of the directors of the group is 
st 
disqualified as on 31 March, 2026, from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls over financial reporting of the Company and 
the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure A”
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D130
===== PAGE 133 =====
For M/S A R N A & Associates
Chartered Accountants              
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri,  
Partner 
Membership No : 111576 
UDIN : 26111576CNBBIQ8454
     
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
th 
: 14  May, 2026
g)    With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the   
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rule, 2014, in our opinion and to best of our information and according to the 
explanations given to us:
i. The Group does not have any pending litigations which would impact its financial position.
ii. The Group did not have any long-term contracts including derivatives contracts of which there were any 
material foreseeable losses.
iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Group. 
iv.  a) The management of respective companies has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, no 
funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds) by the Group to or in any other persons or entities, including foreign entities 
(“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary 
shall: 
        directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the Company or 
          provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries. 
   
          b) The management respective companies has represented that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, 
no funds have been received by the Group from any persons or entities, including foreign entities 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Company 
shall: 
        directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) by or on behalf of the Funding Party or 
           provide any guarantee, security or the like from or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries; and 
         c)  Based on such audit procedures as considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances, nothing 
has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations under sub-clause (iv) (a) and (iv) 
(b) contain any material mis-statement. 
v. The dividend declared or paid during the year by the respective companies in the group is in compliance with 
Section 123 of the Act.
 
vi. Based on our examination which included test checks, the Company, its subsidiaries have used 
accounting software for maintaining its books of account which has a feature of recording audit trail (edit-
log) facility and the same have operated throughout the year except at the database level for accounting 
software to log any direct data changes for all relevant transactions recorded in the software. Further, 
during the course of our audit, we did not come across any instance of audit trail feature being tampered 
with. 
vii. With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor's Report) 
Order,2020 (the “Order”/“CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of Section 143(11) of the Act, to 
be included in the Auditor's report, according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the 
CARO reports issued by us for the Company and its subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Company, to which reporting under CARO is applicable, we report that there are no 
qualifications or adverse remarks in these CARO reports, except for Menon Bearings Limited where the 
company has filed appeal against TDS demand of Rs. 12,78,249/- and the appeal is pending.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 131
===== PAGE 134 =====
The Annexure referred to in our Report of even date to the members of Menon Bearings Limited on the 
st
consolidated accounts of the Company for the year ended 31  March, 2026
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Menon Bearings Limited (“the holding 
Company”) and its subsidiary companies as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the consolidated 
Ind AS financial statements of the Holding Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries are responsible for establishing 
and maintaining internal financial controls based on the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls 
over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (hereinafter “ICAI”). These 
responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls 
that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including 
adherence to company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and 
errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable 
financial information, as required under the Companies Act, 2013.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Group’s internal financial controls over financial reporting 
based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing, issued by 
ICAI and deemed to be prescribed under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable 
to an audit of internal financial controls, both applicable to an audit of Internal Financial Controls, and both 
issued by ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls 
over financial reporting was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material 
respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal financial 
controls over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal financial controls over 
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design 
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend 
on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial 
statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system over financial reporting.
Annexure A to Independent Auditor's Report
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D132
===== PAGE 135 =====
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
A Group's internal financial control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable 
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A Company's internal financial control 
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that;
I. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
II. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management 
and directors of the Company; and
III. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, 
or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls over financial reporting, including the 
possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or 
fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over 
financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal financial control over financial 
reporting may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the 
policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Opinion
In our opinion, the Holding Company and its subsidiaries has, in all material respects, an adequate internal 
financial controls system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over financial reporting 
were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on;
i. existing policies and procedures adopted by the Holding Company and its subsidiary's for ensuring 
orderly and efficient conduct of business.
ii.  continuous adherence to Holding Company and its subsidiary's policies.
iii. existing procedures in relation to safeguarding of Holding Company and its subsidiary's fixed assets, 
investments, inventories, receivables, loans and advances made and cash and bank balances.
iv. existing system to prevent and detect fraud and errors.
v. accuracy and completeness of Holding Company and its subsidiary's accounting records; and
vi. existing capacity to prepare timely and reliable financial information.
                                                                                                       
For M/S A R N A & Associates
Chartered Accountants              
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri 
Membership No : 111576
UDIN :  26111576CNBBIQ8454
     
Place
Date
: Kolhapur
th 
: 14  May, 2026
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 133
===== PAGE 136 =====
st
as at 31  March, 2026Consolidated Balance Sheet (Rs. in Lakhs)
31.03.2026
AUDITED
NOTE NO. SR. NO. PARTICULARS
Total Non-Current Assets
A ASSETS -
Non-Current Assets
(a) Property, Plant and Equipment
(b) Capital Work-In-Progress
(c) Investments in Mutual Fund & Shares
(d) Financial Assets
     (i)  Security Deposit
1
02
02
03
04
(a) Inventories
(b) Financial Assets     
     (i) Trade Receivables     
     (ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents     
     (iii) Bank Balance other than (ii) above     
     (iv) Loans & Advances
Total Current Assets
TOTAL ASSETS 
Current Assets2
05
06
07
07
08
(a) Equity Share Capital
(b) Other Equity
Total Equity
Liabilities
B EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity1
09
10
(a) Financial Liabilities       
     (i) Long-Term Borrowings
(b) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Total Non-Current Liabilities
Non- Current Liabilities2
11
12
(a) Financial Liabilities     
     (i) Short- Term Borrowings    
     (ii) Trade Payables    
     (iii) Other Financial Liabilities
(b) Other Current Liabilities
Total Current Liabilities
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Significant Accounting Policies and
Notes to Accounts
Current Liabilities3
13
14
15
16
1
(c) Other Current Assets ’ 08
31.03.2025
AUDITED
     (ii) Lease Liability 11
189.33
12,775.89
3,099.14
9,077.20
1,103.23
156.30
107.62
432.84
13,976.33
26,752.21
                     560.40 
17,974.19
18,534.59
2,124.96
                     77.62
2,460.46
1,987.32
915.34
214.98
2,639.52
26,752.21
                  5,578.10
11,939.66
9.47
637.42
                     436.94
189.43
11,875.02
2,711.04
6,062.70
1,834.43
165.15
83.89
326.42
11,183.62
23,058.64
                     560.40 
15,295.47
15,855.87
2,188.92
                     83.57
2,011.02
1,534.15
776.31
221.80
                 2,659.49
23,058.64
                  4,543.28
10,246.32
909.51
529.76
                     387.00
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri  
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN  :  26111576CMBBIQ8454                   
 
 
Arun Aradhye 
 Managing Director
DIN : 03052587
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00692754
As per our report of even date attached 
 Chandrakant Ghatge
 Chief Financial Officer
Siddheshwar Kadane  
 Company Secretary
Membership No. : A72775
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D134
===== PAGE 137 =====
for the year ended on 31.03.2026Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss  
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Other Operating Revenue
Other Income
Total Revenue (i+ii+iii)
Expenses
Net - Revenue from Operationsi
18
19
ii
iii
17
NOTE NO. SR. NO. PARTICULARS
2
1
Cost of Materials Consumed
Changes in Inventories of Finished Goods,
Work in Progress and Stock-in- Trade
Employee Benefits Expense
Finance Costs
Depreciation and Amortization Expense
Operating and Other Expenses
20
21
22
23
02
24
Total
Profit Before Exceptional and
Extraordinary Items and Tax (1-2)
3
Exceptional Items
Profit Before Tax (3-4)
4
5
6
7
Tax Expense:
Profit/(Loss) for the period from 
Continuing Operations (5 -6)
(1) Current Tax
(2) Deferred Tax
8 Other Comprehensive Income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(i) Re-Measurement gains / (losses) on defined
benefit plans
(ii) Income tax effect on above
Total Other Comprehensive Income 
9
Paid-up Equity Share Capital
(Face Value or Re.1 each fully paid up)
10
11 Earnings Per Equity Share (EPS) 
(Face Value of Re.1 each)
(i) Basic (in Rs.) (not annualised)
(ii) Diluted (in Rs.) (not annulised )
25
27
25
Total Comprehensive Income for the period (7+8)
31.03.2026
AUDITED
29,380.86
564.77
78.72
30,024.35
12,417.87
(281.50)
2,277.67
508.11
997.80
9,089.51
25,009.46
5,014.89
-
5,014.89
1,139.81
3,825.14
49.95
(23.06)
                 -
                 (23.06)
3,802.08
560.40
6.83
6.83
31.03.2025
AUDITED
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri  
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN  :  26111576CMBBIQ8454                   
 
 
Arun Aradhye 
 Managing Director
DIN : 03052587
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00692754
As per our report of even date attached 
 Chandrakant Ghatge
 Chief Financial Officer
Siddheshwar Kadane  
 Company Secretary
Membership No. : A72775
23,927.80
324.18
125.53
24,377.50
10,118.04
(300.38)
2,138.12
376.21
881.08
7,780.13
20,993.21
3,384.30
-
3,384.30
869.88
2,493.45
20.96
(19.21)
                 -
                 (19.21)
2,474.25
560.40
4.45
4.45
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 135
===== PAGE 138 =====
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
st
for the year ended on 31  March 2026
(Rs. in Lakhs)
31.03.2025
AUDITED
SR. NO. PARTICULARS 31.03.2026
AUDITED
1 Profit After Tax & Adjustments for
Changes in Working Capital
Current Assets
Inventories
Trade Receivables
Short Term Loans Advances
Deferred Tax
Tax on OCI
Interest (Net)
Profit on Sale of Assets
Depreciation & Amortization
Operating Profit before W/C Changes
Other Current Assets
Current Liabilities
Trade Payables
Other Current Liabilities
Short Term Provisions
Cash From Operating Activities
Cash From Investing Activities
Purchase of Fixed Assets
Investments
2
3
Security Deposits
Interest Received
Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Change in Short Term Borrowing
Change in Long Term Borrowing
Interest Paid
Dividend Paid
Cash Flow from Financing Activities
Total Cash Flow
Add:- Opening Cash & Cash Equivalents
Closing Cash & Cash Equivalents
Profit / (Loss) on Fair Valuation of Mutual Fund
Cash From Investing Activities
Profit on Investment
Change in CWIP
Profit on Sale of Assets
Lease Liability
Net Cash flow from Fixed Assets
3,802.08
49.95
-
426.94
-
2.45
997.80
5,279.21
(388.10)
(3,014.49)
(23.73)
(106.42)
453.17
139.03
(6.82)
2,331.83
(2,693.70)
             (107.66)
0.10
81.17
           449.45
(63.96)
(1,120.80)
(1,249.38)
(740.05)
1,999.58
1,259.53
(1,822.50)
-
(2.45)
(5.95)
(508.11)
(1,793.66)
900.04
2,474.25
20.96
(6.60)
273.94
(8.01)
(23.25)
881.08
3,612.36
(426.93)
(568.48)
37.76
(111.44)
248.85
131.05
(218.19)
2,704.98
(3,102.25)
             (160.71)
(15.77)
102.28
           521.77
314.84
(1,120.80)
(663.22)
(600.64)
2,600.22
1,999.58
(2,642.40)
8.01
23.25
(2.82)
(376.21)
(2,599.46)
502.79
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri  
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN  :  26111576CMBBIQ8454                   
 
 
Arun Aradhye 
 Managing Director
DIN : 03052587
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00692754
As per our report of even date attached 
 Chandrakant Ghatge
 Chief Financial Officer
Siddheshwar Kadane  
 Company Secretary
Membership No. : A72775
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D136
===== PAGE 139 =====
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Changes in Equity dated 
st
1  April, 2024
Re- measurement of 
Gains / (Losses) on 
Defined Benefit Plans
Balance as at
st
April 1 , 2024  560.40 
Changes in Equity for 
the year ended
st
March 31 , 2025
Transfer to General
Reserve
Re- measurement of 
Gains / (Losses) on 
defined benefit plans  
Profit for the year
 -  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 560.40 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 560.40 
1,326.47
 -   
150.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
1,476.47
 -   
 150.00
 -   
 -   
 -   
       1,626.47
25.00
 -   
25.00 
25.00 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
          12.04
 -   
 -   
-19.21
 -   
 -   
-7.16
 -   
 -   
-23.06
 -   
 -   
-30.22
Sr.
No. Particulars
Equity
Share
Capital
Reserves & Surplus Other 
Comprehensive
Income
Other Items 
of Other 
Comprehensive 
Income
Total equity
attributable to 
equity holders
of the Company
Retained
Earnings
General
Reserve
Revaluation
Reserve
Capital
Reserve
2
1
3
4
5
6
Dividends (including
Dividend Distribution 
Tax)
Transfer to General
Reserve
Profit for the year
8
9
10
11
12
13
Dividends (including
Dividend Distribution 
Tax)
7 Balance as at
st
March 31 , 2025
Balance as at
st
March 31 , 2026
2.56
2.56 
-
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -2.56 
 -   
 -   
 -   
 -   
(Rs. in Lakhs)
12,575.96
 -   
-150.00 
 -   
2,493.45
13,798.61
 -
 -150.00
 -   
3,825.14
16,352.95
-1,120.80
-1,120.80
14,502.43
 -   
 -   
 -2.56 
 -   
-19.21
-1,120.80
2,493.45
15,855.87
-23.06
3,825.14
          18,534.59
-1,120.80
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 137
===== PAGE 140 =====
Note No. 1
SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
st
for the year ended on 31  March, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
I. Basis of Preparation:
The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS), under historical cost convention basis except for certain financial instruments 
which are measured at fair value as prescribed by Ministry of Corporate Affairs under Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent notified and 
pronouncements of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Principles of Consolidation:
1.  The financial statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries are combined on a line by line basis 
by adding together like items of assets, liabilities, equity, incomes, expenses and cash flows, after fully 
eliminating intra-group balances and intra-group transactions.
2.  Profits or losses resulting from intra-group transactions that are recognized in assets, such as Inventory 
and Property, Plant and Equipment, are eliminated in full.
3.  There are no differences in accounting policies of the Holding Company and its subsidiaries are not 
material.
4.  The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared using uniform accounting policies for like 
transactions and other events in similar circumstances
5.  The carrying amount of the parent's investment in subsidiary is offset (eliminated) against the parent's 
portion of equity in subsidiary.
6.  The Company has only following subsidiaries i.e 1. Menon Alkop Limited, 2. Menon Brakes Limited and 
    3. Menon Bearings New Ventures Limited which are wholly owned subsidiary and does not have any 
minority interest.
Disclosures under Ind AS are made only in respect of material items and in respect of the items that will 
be useful to the users of financial statements in making economic decisions.
st  
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2026 (including comparatives) are duly 
th 
adopted by the Board on 14  May, 2026 for consideration and approval by shareholders.
II.   Summary of Accounting Policies :
1)  Overall Considerations
 The financial statements have been prepared applying the significant accounting policies and 
measurement basis summarized below.
2)  Revenue Recognition
    Revenue is measured at fair value of the consideration received or receivable and net of returns, trade 
allowances and rebates and amounts collected on behalf of third parties. It excludes Excise Duty, Value 
Added Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax and GST.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D138
===== PAGE 141 =====
i.   Sale of Products:
    Revenue from sale of products is recognised when significant risks and rewards of ownership pass to the 
customers, as per the terms of the contract and when the economic benefits associated with the transactions 
will flow to the Company. 
ii.  Interest Income:
   Interest incomes are recognized using the time proportion method based on the rates implicit in the  
transaction.  Interest income is included in other income in the statement of profit and loss.
3)  Property, Plant and Equipment
 i.  Freehold Land is stated at historical cost.  All other items of Property, Plant and Equipment are stated at cost 
of acquisition/construction less accumulated depreciation/amortization and impairment, if any. Cost 
includes:
a.  Purchase Price
b.  Labour Cost and
c.  Directly attributable overheads incurred up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use. However, cost 
excludes Excise Duty, Value Added Tax, Service Tax, and GST to the extent credit of the duty or tax is availed 
of.Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as 
appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the 
Company and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
      ii)  Component Accounting:
     The component of assets are capitalized only if the life of the components vary significantly and whose cost 
is significant in relation to the cost of the respective asset, the life of the component in assets are determined 
based on technical assessment and past history of replacement of such components in the assets. The 
carrying amount of any component accounted for as separate asset is derecognized when replaced. 
      iii)  Other Cost:
     All other repairs and maintenance cost are charged to the statement of profit and loss during the reporting 
period in which they are incurred. 
      Profit or Losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount. These are 
included in the Statement of Profit and Loss within other income/ (loss). 
     iv)  Depreciation and Amortization:
   a) Depreciation is recognized on a straight-line basis, over the useful life of the buildings and other 
equipment's as prescribed under Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013.
     b)  Depreciation on tangible fixed assets is charged over the estimated useful life of the asset or part of the 
asset as evaluated on technical assessment on straight line method, in accordance with Part A of Schedule 
II to the Companies Act, 2013
     c)  The estimated useful life of the tangible fixed assets on technical assessment followed by the Company is 
furnished below:
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 139
===== PAGE 142 =====
Material residual value estimates and estimates of useful life are assessed as required.
 d) The residual value for all the above assets are retained at 5% of the cost. Residual values and useful lives 
are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, for each reporting period.
 e) On tangible fixed assets added/disposed off during the year, depreciation is charged on pro-rata basis for 
the period for which the asset was purchased and used.
 4)  Impairment:
    Assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying 
amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset's 
carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair 
value less costs of disposal and value in use.
        
    In respect of assets whose impairment are to be assessed with reference to other related assets and such 
group of assets have independent cash flows (Cash Generating Units), such assets are grouped and tested 
for impairment.
    Non-financial assets that suffered impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end 
of each reporting period.
5) Lease
ii)   Assets taken on Lease:-
   The Company, at the inception of a contract, assesses whether the contract is a lease or not a lease. A 
contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a 
time in exchange for a consideration. The Company has elected not to recognize Right-of-use Assets and 
lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value 
assets and the corresponding lease rental paid are directly charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss. 
The Company recognizes the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense over the lease 
term. The Company recognizes a Right-of-use Asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. 
The Right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability 
adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial costs incurred. 
The Right-of-use Asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight-line method from the 
commencement date to the end of the lease term. The lease liability is initially measured at the present 
value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the Company’s 
incremental borrowing rate. Subsequently, lease liabilities are measured on amortized cost basis. 
Associated costs, such as maintenance and insurance, are expensed.
Description Range of Useful Lives in years
Buildings 30 - 60
Plant & Equipment 10 - 15
Furniture & Fixtures
Office Equipments
Vehicles
08 - 10 
03 - 06
08 - 10
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D140
===== PAGE 143 =====
ii)  Decommissioning charges in respect of properties like Plant and equipment, furniture & fixtures and office  
equipment's presently located in land taken on lease are not provided for as it is impractical to estimate the 
sum that will be incurred at the time the lease comes to end. Further there is also likelihood of the less or 
renewing the lease.
6)  Financial Assets Classification and Subsequent Measurement of Financial Assets:
 i)  For the purpose of subsequent measurement, financial assets are classified and measured based on the 
entity's business model for managing the financial asset and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the 
financial asset at:
a)  Those to be measured subsequently at Fair Value either through Other Comprehensive Income (Fair Value 
through Other Comprehensive Income-FVTOCI) or through Profit or Loss (Fair Value through Profit and 
Loss-FVTPL)  and;
b)  Those measured at Amortized Cost
1.  Financial Assets at Amortised Cost includes assets that are held within a business model where the objective 
is to hold the financial assets to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms give rise on specified 
dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
      
    These assets are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method. The loss 
allowance at each reporting period is evaluated based on the expected credit losses for next 12 months and 
credit risk exposure.
    The Company also measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime 
expected credit losses (ECL) if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since 
initial recognition.
2.  Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI) : There are no such  asset.
     
 3.  Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
       
     The Company has investment in shares which are fair valued through Profit & Loss account. Any transaction 
cost on the same are income to Profit & Loss account. The total Profit due to Net Gain/(Loss) on Investments 
in mutual funds/Shares is Rs.(2,44,599)/- (Previous Year Rs. 23,25,406/-).
ii.   Impairment of Financial Assets:
     All financial assets are reviewed for impairment at least at each reporting date to identify whether there is any 
evidence that a financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired.  Different criteria to determine 
impairment are applied for each category of financial assets.
      
iii. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedge Accounting:                   
     There are no such transactions.
 iv. Trade Receivables
    The Company follows 'Simplified Approach' for recognition of impairment loss allowance based on lifetime 
Expected Credit Loss at each reporting date, right from its initial recognition.
 v.  Derecognition of Financial Assets
     A financial asset is derecognised only when;
     
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 141
===== PAGE 144 =====
a)  The Company has transferred the rights to receive cash flows from the financial asset or
b)  The Company retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but expects a 
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows to one or more recipients. There are no such derecognitions.
7)    Financial Liabilities:
i.  Classification, Subsequent Measurement and Derecognition of Financial Liabilities
a.  Classification
Financial Liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or  
loss or at amortised cost. The Company's financial liabilities include borrowings & trade and other payables.
b.  Subsequent Measurement
    Financial Liabilities are measured subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method All 
interest-related charges and, if applicable, changes in an instrument's fair value that are reported in profit or 
loss are included within finance costs or finance income.
c. Derecognition
     A financial Liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or has 
expired. When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially 
different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as the derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability. The 
difference in the respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
8)   Inventories 
 Inventories are valued at lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling 
price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated cost of completion and the estimated costs 
necessary to make the sale. Cost is ascertained on weighted average basis in accordance with the method 
of valuation prescribed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
 i.    Raw Materials
  Raw Materials are valued at cost of purchase, net of duties (credit availed w.r.t taxes and duties) and 
includes all expenses incurred in bringing the materials to location of use.
 ii.   Work-in-Process and Finished Goods
  Work-in-Process and Finished Goods include conversion costs in addition to the landed cost of raw 
materials.
 iii.  Stores and Spares
   Stores, Spares and Tools Cost includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the 
inventories to their present location and condition.
9) Income Taxes
 Tax expense recognized in the statement of profit or loss comprises the sum of deferred tax and current tax 
not recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D142
===== PAGE 145 =====
 Calculation of current tax is based on tax rates in accordance with tax laws that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred income taxes are calculated using the 
liability method on temporary differences between tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amounts for financial reporting purposes at reporting date. Deferred taxes pertaining to items recognised in 
other comprehensive income (OCI) are disclosed under OCI.
 Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that the underlying tax loss or deductible 
temporary difference will be utilized against future tax liability. This is assessed based on the Company's 
forecast of future earnings, excluding non-taxable income and expenses and specific limits on the use of 
any unused tax loss or credit.
 Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized in full, although Ind AS 12 'Income Taxes' specifies some 
exemptions. As a result of these exemptions the Company does not recognize deferred tax liability on 
temporary differences relating to goodwill, or to its investments in subsidiaries.
10)  Post-Employment Benefits and Short-Term Employee Benefits
 i. Short Term Obligations:
  Short term obligations are those that are expected to be settled fully within 12 months after the end of the 
reporting period. They are recognised up to the end of the reporting period at the amounts expected to 
be paid at the time of settlement.
 ii. Other Long Term Employee Benefits Obligations:
  The liabilities for earned leave are not expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after end of the 
period in which the employees render the related service. They are, therefore, recognised and provided
         for at the present value of the expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by 
employee up to the end of reporting period using the projected unit credit method.  The benefits are 
discounted using the market yields at the end of the reporting period that have terms approximating to 
the terms of the related obligation. Remeasurements as a result of experience adjustments and 
changes in actuarial assumptions are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI).
    The obligations are presented as current liabilities in the balance sheet if the entity does not have an 
unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting period, regardless of 
when the actual settlement is expected to occur.
     iii. Post-Employment Obligation:
          The Company operates the following post-employment schemes:
     a)  Defined Contribution Plan such as Gratuity & Provident Fund    
 Gratuity Obligation:   
   The company has created The Employees Group Gratuity Fund which has taken Gratuity Cum Life 
Insurance Policy from LIC of India. Premium on said policy is calculated by LIC & Conveyed to us on the 
basic of Project Unit Credit Method. The same is accounted for in books of accounts.  
      Provident Fund:
    The eligible employees of the Company are entitled to receive benefits in respect of provident fund, a 
defined contribution plan, in which both employees and the Company make monthly contributions at a 
specified percentage of the covered employees salary. The provident fund contributions are made to 
EPFO.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 143
===== PAGE 146 =====
          Bonus Payable:
    The Company recognises a liability and an expense for bonus. The Company recognises a provision 
where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.
11)   Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
i.   Provisions:
     A provision is recorded when the Company has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past 
events and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount 
can be reasonably estimated.
 
Provisions are evaluated at the present value of management's best estimate of the expenditure required to 
settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the 
present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the 
risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest 
expenses.
ii.   Contingent Liabilities:
    Whenever there is possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed  
only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the 
control of the entity or a present obligation  that arises from past events  but is not recognised  because  (a) it 
is not probable  that an outflow  of resources embodying economic benefits will be required  to settle the 
obligation; or (b) the amount  of the obligation  cannot  be measured  with sufficient reliability are considered 
    as contingent  liability. Show cause notices are not considered as Contingent Liabilities unless converted 
into demand.
iii.  Contingent  Assets:
    The Company does not recognise contingent assets. If it is virtually certain then they will be recognised as 
asset. These are assessed continually to ensure that the developments are appropriately disclosed in the 
financial statements.
12)   Earnings Per Share:
Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. The weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the period is adjusted for events including a bonus issue, 
bonus element in a rights issue to existing shareholders, share split and reverse share split (consolidation of 
shares). For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the period 
attributable to equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period 
are considered for the effects of all dilutive potential equity shares.
13)   Cash and Cash Equivalents and Cash Flow Statement:
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, together with other short-term, 
highly liquid investments maturing within three  months from the date of acquisition and which are readily 
convertible into cash and which are subject to only an insignificant risk of changes in value.
Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit/(loss) before tax is appropriately classified 
for the effects of transactions of non-cash nature and any deferrals or accruals of past or future receipts or 
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D144
===== PAGE 147 =====
    payments. In the cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, cheques on hand, 
balances with banks in current accounts and other short- term highly liquid investments with original 
maturities of three months or less.
14)   Segment Reporting:
 The Company operates in one business segment namely “Auto Components”. Hence reporting under this 
standard is not applicable.
15)   Borrowing Costs:
Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are
capitalized during the period of time that is necessary to complete and prepare the asset for its intended useor 
sale. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred under finance costs. During
the year, the company has capitalized borrowing costs of Rs. 20,01,113/-
16) Related Party Disclosures as per IND AS 24
Following are the related parties: - (Rs. in Lakhs)
Sr.
No.
Name of 
Party
Relation  Current Year 
31.03.2026
Amount 
Nature of 
Transaction
 Transactions 
during the 
year
1. Mani  Auto 
Components
2.
Mr. Nitin Menon is 
a Partner
Menon United 
Pvt. Ltd.
(Formerly known 
as Karveer 
United Pvt.Ltd.
. 
Mr. Nitin Menon is 
a Chairman
Sales 
Service Charges
Corporate Services
9.
Sunshine Acres Mr. Nitin Menon 
is a Partner
Services
10.
Mr. R. D. Dixit
Mr. Nitin Menon
Remuneration
Remuneration
Managing Director
rd
( Upto 3  March, 2026)
Executive Chairman
11. Mr. Arun Aradhye Director's 
Remuneration
Managing Director 
th
(w.e.f. 4  March, 2026)
12. Mr. Aditya N.
Menon
SalarySon of Executive 
Chairman
8.
 Previous Year 
31.03.2025
Amount 
Transactions 
during 
Previous 
year
3. Flyga Auto 
Pvt. Ltd.
Mr. Nitin Menon is 
a Chairman
Motor Vehicle 
Repairs Charges
4. Flyga Resorts 
Pvt. Ltd.
Mr. Nitin Menon 
is a Chairman
Purchase of 
Material
Menon Brakes 
Ltd.
Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary
5. Advance
Menon Alkop Ltd.6. Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary
Purchase of Equity 
Shares
Advance/Debtors
Menon Bearings 
New Ventures Ltd..
7. Wholly Owned 
Subsidiary
Advance
Purchase of Equity 
Shares
1,947.18
28.44
250.61
-
17.14
244.95
-
-
0.29
1.75
49.93
168.76
96.26
27.18
-
437.24
   8.48
470.30
826.00
-
12.08
0.50
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
449.51
   0.17
405.44
826.00
114.13
11.80
0.13
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
2,076.88
28.44
153.52
10.05
5.31
62.89
825.00
108.08
1.01
0.54
49.93
228.76
89.92
30.93
-
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 145
===== PAGE 148 =====
Notes:
a.  Mr. Nitin Menon – Executive Chairman, Mr. Arun Aradhye –Managing Director and Mr.Chandrakant Ghatge 
CFO are employees of the Company. Mr. M.L. Shinde, Mrs. Kailash A.Nevagi, Mr.Nandan Borgalkar and 
Dr. Santosh Prabhu Independent Directors are not paid any remuneration, only Sitting Fees are paid to 
them. The salary, perquisites and remuneration paid are disclosed under Report on Corporate Governance 
( point no.8.3 ) as details of Remuneration and Sitting Fees paid to Directors.
b.  Apart from above mentioned parties, following parties are also related parties of the Company. However, no 
significant transactions took place with these parties during the year.
1.    Flyga Hotels Pvt.Ltd.
2.    Give Artisans Trust.
c.  Mr.  Nitin Menon & Menon United Pvt .Ltd. hold 10% or more shares in the Company. There are no write offs 
/ write backs of any amount for any of the above parties during the year.
17)     Government Grants:
     The Company has a policy to recognize Government Grants only when-
i)   It has complied with the conditions attached to it and
ii) There is a reasonable assurance that it will be received. Grants related to assets are presented in the 
Balance Sheet as deferred income and recognized in Profit and Loss account on systematic basis over the 
useful life of the asset. Currently there are no such grants. Grants related to income are presented as part of 
Profit and Loss account under “Other Operating Revenue”. Grants related to duty draw back refunds are 
accounted on receipt basis as the time frame within which it will be received cannot be estimated. 
Government Grants in the form of duty drawback accounted during current year is Rs.2,74,91,425/- 
(Previous Year Rs.1,37,32,058/-)
18)     Foreign Currency Transactions
     Foreign currency transactions are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currency of the Company 
by applying the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction.
    Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, including trade receivables, are 
translated into the functional currency at the closing exchange rate prevailing at the reporting date.
Sr.
No.
Name of 
Party
Relation  Current Year 
31.03.2026
Amount 
Nature of 
Transaction
 Transactions 
during the 
year
(Rs. in Lakhs)
 Current Year 
31.03.2025
Amount 
Transactions 
during 
Previous 
year
Son of Executive 
Chairman 
Mr. Anshul N.
Menon
Mr. M. L. Shinde Independent 
Director
13.
15. Mrs. Sucheta
Menon
Mrs. Kailash A. 
Nevagi
Wife of Executive 
Chairman 
14.
16.
Dr. Santosh K. 
Prabhu
17.
Rent
Mr. Anshul N.
Menon
Son of Executive 
Chairman 
Salary
Rent
Sitting Fees
Independent 
Director
Independent 
Director
Sitting Fees
Sitting Fees18.
Shri Nandan 
Borgalkar
Independent 
Director
Sitting Fees19.
7.94
11.35
15.00
0.20
0.20
0.25
0.30
7.94
9.66
15.00
0.35
0.20
0.20
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D146
===== PAGE 149 =====
     Exchange differences arising on settlement of monetary items or on restatement of monetary items at rates 
different from those at which they were initially recorded or reported in previous financial statements are 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss in the period in which they arise.
    Accordingly, trade receivables denominated in foreign currencies are restated at the closing exchange rate 
as at 31 March 2026, and the resultant foreign exchange gain or loss is recognised in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss for the year ended 31 March 2026. Rs.1,99,78,995.00 (Previous year Rs.1,14,90,981.00)
    Non-monetary items measured at historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate 
at the date of the transaction and are not subsequently restated.
III. Significant management judgment in applying accounting policies and estimation of Uncertainty
    While preparing the financial statements, management has made a number of judgments, estimates and 
assumptions about the recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
(I)    Significant Management Judgment
       The following are significant management judgments in applying the accounting policies of the Company  
that have significant effect on the financial statements.
        Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets/Liability
     The extent to which deferred tax assets/Liability can be recognized is based on an assessment of the 
probability that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary differences 
and tax loss carry-forwards can be utilized. In addition, careful judgment is exercised in assessing the 
impact of any legal or economic limits or uncertainties in various tax issues.
(ii)   Estimation of Uncertainty
     Information about estimates and assumptions that have the most significant effect on recognition and 
measurement of assets, liabilities, income and expenses is mentioned below. Actual results may be 
different.
a.    Impairment of Non-Financial Assets 
       In assessing impairment, management has estimated economic usefulness of the assets, the recoverable 
amount of each asset or cash- generating units based on expected future cash flows and use of an 
interest rate to discount them. Estimation of uncertainty relates to assumptions about economically future 
operating cash flows and the determination of a suitable discount rate.
b.    Useful Lives of Depreciable Assets 
       Management review sits estimate of the useful lives of depreciable assets at each reporting date, based on 
the expected utility of the assets. Uncertainties in these estimates relate to technological obsolescence 
that may change the utility of assets including Intangible Assets.
c.   Inventories  
       Management has carefully estimated the net realizable values of inventories, taking into account the most 
reliable evidence available at each reporting date. The future realization of these inventories may be 
affected by market-driven changes.
d.  Defined Benefit Obligation (DBO)   
     Management's estimate of the DBO is based on a number of critical underlying assumptions such as 
standard rates of inflation, mortality, discount rate and anticipation of future salary increases. Variation in 
these assumptions may significantly impact the DBO amount and the annual defined benefit expenses 
(as analyzed in Note No. 26 & 27).
e.  Current and Non-Current Classification
All assets and liabilities have been classified as Current or Non-Current as per the Company's normal 
operating cycle and other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013. Based on the 
nature of products and time between the acquisition of assets for processing and their realization in cash 
and cash equivalents, the Company has ascertained its operating cycle as twelve months for the purpose of 
current or non-current classification of assets and liabilities.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 147
===== PAGE 150 =====
NOTES OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR YEAR ENDING 31.03.2026 (CONTD.)
Note No. 02       FIXED  ASSETS
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT F.Y. 2025-2026
GROSS BLOCK DEPRICIATION NET BLOCK
Ye
ar
s
ParticularsSr.
No
1
Opening
Balance
Additi-
ons
Deleti-
ons
Total Upto On
Openi-
ng
On
Addit-
ions
For
the
Year
Adjus-
tments
Total As on
31.03.
26
As on
31.03.
25
A.  Tangible Assets
Land 
( Free Hold)
Site
Develop-
ment
Building
Plant and
Machinery
Electrical
Installation
Tools and
Implements
Effiluent
Treatement
Plant
Office
Equipments
Miscellan-
eous
Assets
Computers
Furniture
Vehicle
Electrical
Forklift
TOTAL
Land 
(Lease Hold)
2
3
4
5
6
7
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
-
-
-
30
15
15
15
15
15
5
15
15
10
6
8
10
Material
Handling
Equipments
8
Fire
Fighting
9
824.35
36.76
      622.40
   3,357.98
   11,809.72
      660.76
      1,208.04
      96.19
        113.83
        86.43
        103.64
      271.87
      447.64
8.50
  20,179.42
    -
-
    66.03
    979.73
    820.43
        59.76
      60.19
-
      13.01
17.45
        2.20
        53.28
21.63
-
  2,684.42
-
       -
        136.04        49.82
        127.45 38.37
      824.35
36.76
      688.44
   4,337.72
   12,630.14
      720.51
      1,268.23
      185.86
165.83
96.19
        126.83
        103.88
        105.83
      325.15
469.27
8.50
  22,863.84
Previous
Year Amount
      86.99
-
        13.79
    909.32
  6,916.00
      318.28
      792.49
      112.58
      49.58
      74.31
      99.40
      20.15
    157.93
        5.02
  9,940.56
10.35
-
             1.97 
       99.20
    592.25
       40.64
       71.28
           4.22
           9.87
           3.76
           6.77
           5.26
           5.46
         17.31
       27.70
             0.54 
    925.57
-
-
2.05
4.85
    33.57
      4.01
      3.90
      6.33
3.24
-
      0.63
0.50
      0.42
      0.72
0.11
-
    67.32
   10.35 
-
4.02
   104.04
  625.82
   44.65
   75.17
   10.55
     13.11
-
     7.40
     5.75
     5.88
   18.03
   27.81
0.54
  992.88
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
     3.76
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
      97.34
-
        17.82
    1,013.36
  7,541.82
    362.93
    867.66
      123.13
      62.69
      78.07
      106.80
      25.90
      87.38
    175.96
    292.08
        5.56
  10,933.44
3,104.55 47.27 20,179.42 9,104.51 827.27 50.70 877.97 41.92
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
      -
-
-
-
-
-
(Rs. in Lakhs)
17,112.15 9,940.46
Lease Assets
18 Solar Plant
17
  3,324.35
  5,088.33
  11,930.40
-
        9.26
        9.26
7.45
    727.01
          36.76 
              670.62
    357.58
    400.57
      62.73
      103.14
      18.12
      20.03
        77.98
      18.45
    149.19
        2.94
10,238.47
    264.28
  2,448.66
  4,893.72
  10,238.87
1
2
Technical
Know-how
Computers
Software
3
3
52.45
        85.08
-
        6.72
-
-
52.45
        91.81
52.45
      77.63
-
     4.39
     4.39
2.21
      0.52
      0.52
0.90
-
     4.91
     4.91
3.11
-
-
-
-
52.45
      82.55
TOTAL
134.48
        6.72
3.05
-
-
      144.25
137.53
    130.08
126.96
    134.99
130.08Previous
Year Amount
-
-
      137.53
-
B. Intangible Assets
-
        7.45
        7.45
7.51
    737.36
          36.76 
              608.61
    342.48
    415.55
      23.46
      77.87
      21.88
      14.43
      66.28
        22.13
      113.95
    183.37
        3.48
8,017.63
8        116.22 - 116.22        38.80             19.40 - 19.40 -         58.19-         58.03        77.43
        637.3815 151.59 502.52 654.11        0.13             9.6 7.00 16.60 -         16.74-         151.46
    81.50
    177.19
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D148
===== PAGE 151 =====
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Note No.03
c)  Investments
1)  Investment in Equity Shares of Wholly Owned Subsidiary
(as fully paid, unquoted)
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
 8,25,00,000 Equity Shares of Menon Brakes Limited 
(Face Value of Re. 1/- each) 
SUB-TOTAL  
1,00,000 Equity Shares of Menon Alkop Limited 
 (face Value of Re. 1/- Each)
1,00,000 Equity Shares of Menon Bearings New Ventures 
Limited (face Value of Re. 1/- Each)
8,25,00,000 Equity Shares of Menon Alkop Limited
8,25,00,000 Shares Issue of Rs.1 Each 
For Premium of Rs.2.42  
825.00
2,823.5
1.00
1.00
825.00
2,823.5
1.00
1.00
1,996.50 1,996.50
SUB- TOTAL  
Kotak Emerging Equity Fund - Growth Plan - 52,443.768 Units 
(Previous Year 42,050.573 Units
Kotak  Equity Opportunities Regular Fund -   Growth Plan - 8,273.515 
Units (Previous Year 5,974.262 Units
Kotak  Multicap  Regular Fund - Growth Plan - 1,38,922.351 Units 
(Previous Year 1,00,364.171 Units)
Kotak  Large & Multicap Fund  Reg Gr. - Growth Plan - 2,280.713 
Units (Previous Year 0.00 Units)
ICICI Balanced Advantage Fund -Growth Plan - 2,23,028.197 Units 
(Previous Year 1,78,420.513 Units)
ICICI India Opportunities Fund - Growth Plan - 89,487.137 Units 
(Previous Year 77,106.702 Units)
ICICI  Business Cycle  Fund - Growth Plan - 1,29,413.463 Units 
(Previous Year 1,11,499.762 Units)
Nippon India Large Cap Fund - Growth Plan - 1,40,539.55 Units 
(Previous Year 1,32,950.65 Units)
Nippon India Flexi Cap Fund - Growth Plan - 78,207.45 Units 
(Previous Year 65,370.313 Units)
Nippon Balanced Advantage Fund - Growth Plan - 1,01,187.95 Units 
(Previous Year 88,827.01 Units)
02) Investment in Mutual Funds (Quoted)
TOTAL  
   63.97
25.84
24.27
  7.12
  160.11
 29.83
  28.94
114.55
 636.42
11.31
 3,459.92
   49.68
18.58
0.00
  123.75
  25.51
 24.86
  110.97
9.96
 529.74
149.28
 3,353.24
17.15
170.48
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 149
===== PAGE 152 =====
Particulars
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
TOTAL  
TOTAL  
Note No.05
Note No.06
Current  Assets - 
(a) Inventories
(b) Financial Assets - 
(I) Trade Receivables
(Unsecured, Considered Good)
Outstanding for a period exceeding 6 months
Other Debts
(Rs. in Lakhs)
a) Raw Material
b) Stores & Spares
c) Finished Goods
d) Work in Process TOTAL  
Note No.07
(ii) Cash and Cash Equivalents
(iii) Bank Balance other than (ii) above
         i) In Current A/c
         ii) In Fixed Deposits & Recurring Deposit 
iii) Other Bank Balances 
Earmarked Balances with Banks- Dividend Warrant Accounts
TOTAL
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
TOTAL  
Note No.04
(i) Long Term - Security Deposit
Telephone Deposit
MSEB Deposit
Water Deposit
853.35
239.78
1,209.86
796.15
3,099.14
1,015.73
8,061.47
9,077.20
1,103.23
0.80
44.56
1,057.87
156.30
156.30
0.60
185.94
189.33
2.79
504.53
482.00
1,172.73
551.78
2,711.04
695.66
5,367.04
6,062.70
1,834.43
1.13
245.14
1,588.16
165.15
165.15
0.70
185.94
189.43
2.79
Note: 1) MBL -Hypothecated to HDFC Bank Against Cash Credit of Rs. 20 Cr. 
2) Menon Alkop - Hypothecated to HDFC Bank Against Cash Credit of Rs. 12 Cr. 
3) Menon Brakes - Hypothecated to HDFC Bank Against Cash Credit of Rs. 3 Cr. 
Total Rs. 35 Cr. 
 
Note: Out of the above Fixed Deposits, Fixed Deposits amounting to 
Rs.58.00 lakh ( Previous Year Rs. 260.00 Lakh) are lien marked against the 
Bank Guarantee issued to MPCB.  
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D150
===== PAGE 153 =====
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
GST Amount Receivable
Advance to Suppliers
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Note No.09
Equity
(a) Equity Share Capital
Authorised:
10,10,00,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each fully paid
(Previous Year 10,10,00,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each) 
Issued,Subscribed and Paid-Up :
5,60,40,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each fully paid
(Previous year 5,60,40,000 Equity Shares of Re.1 each fully paid ) 
c) Other Current Assets
TOTAL
TOTAL
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Note No.08
(iv) Loans  - Short -Term Loans & Advances
Other Advance
Staff Advance
Interest accrued but not received
Other Deposits
Prepaid Expenses
Advance Income Tax
TOTAL
432.84
560.40 
    1,010.00 
      560.40 
343.80
88.08
107.62
8.30
8.14
10.22
28.96
47.62
4.38
01) The Company has a single class of equity shares. All equity shares rank equally with regard to dividends 
and shares in the company's residual assets.
02) Equity shareholders List holding more than 5% of equity shares along with the number of equity shares 
held is as given below: 
326.42
560.40 
    1,010.00 
      560.40 
266.73
59.69
83.89
4.89
12.54
-
27.84
37.65
0.97
Other Receivables 0.96 -
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 151
===== PAGE 154 =====
Name of the Shareholder
Nitin Ram Menon
Menon United Pvt. Ltd. (Formerly Karveer United Pvt Ltd)
Sucheta Nitin Menon
Aditya Nitin Menon
Anshul Nitin Menon
31.03.2025
 No. of Shares%
31.03.2026
1,54,43,454
1,36,19,800
28,01,964
32,44,978
32,44,978
 No. of Shares%
27.56
24.30
5.00
5.79
5.79
Note No. 10
(b) Other Equity
General Reserve
Add : Current Year
Sub-Total
Capital Reserve
Revaluation Reserve
Profit & Loss Account (Surplus)
TOTAL
Particulars
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
1,54,43,454
1,36,19,800
28,01,964
32,44,978
32,44,978
27.56
24.30
5.00
5.79
5.79
Note: 
a. Surplus
Opening Balance
Add:- Net Profit for the current period
Profit available for appropriation
Less: Dividend Paid on Equity Shares
TOTAL
Less: Transfer to General Reserve
Balance carried forward to Balance Sheet
Add:- Other Comprehensive Income
Add - DTL Reversal on OCI
LIABILITIES
Non Current Liabilities
Note No. 11
(a) Financial Liabilities
(i) Long-Term Borrowings
a) Term Loan from Banks
Bajaj Finance Ltd
HDFC Bank Ltd
TOTAL
Shri Mahalaxmi Bank 
Federal Bank Limited
17,974.19
1,476.47
150.00
1,626.47
25.00
0.00
16,322.72
13,791.45
3,825.14
(23.06)
17,593.52
1,120.80
16,322.73
16,472.73
150.00
0.00
937.04
749.55
2,124.96
404.43
33.94
15,295.47
1,326.47
150.00
1,476.47
25.00
2.56
13,791.45
12,575.96
2,493.45
(19.21)
15,062.25
1,120.80
13,791.45
13,941.45
150.00
12.04
1,425.93
762.99
2,188.92
0.00
0.00
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D152
===== PAGE 155 =====
Bank Name Loan Amt in
lakhs
(Outstanding)
Installment 
Amt. in Lakhs
(Yearly)
31.03.2025
Bajaj Finance Ltd. (Term Loan)
HDFC Bank Ltd.
Loan Amt in
lakhs
(Outstanding)
Installment 
Amt. in Lakhs
(Yearly)
31.03.2026
1,425.93 488.89
1,066.20 316.65
Notes:
A) Bajaj Finance Limited:- Loan of Rs.22 Crores is Sanctioned. The loan has a moratorium period of 12 months 
(Interest to be served as an when applied). The total loan tenure is 66 months, including moratorium  period. 
The loan is repayable in 54 equated monthly principal installments starting August 2024. The rate of interest is 
8.90%, The loan is secured by charge on entire immovable and movable fixed assets of the company located 
at B-2. The loan is also secured by personal gaurantee of Mr.Nitin Menon
B) HDFC Bank Limited:- Loan of Rs.1.21 Crores. The total loan Tenure is 60 months . The loan is secured by 
hypothication of Rooftop solar system. The rate of interest is 8.75%. The loan is also secured by personal 
gaurantee of Mr.Nitin Menon.   
                     
C) Shri Mahalaxmi co-op Bank :- Total Loan 7.55 which includes (Loan of Rs.4.12 Crore of MBL & 3.43 Crore 
for Alkop) Loan of Rs.7.55 Crores is sanctiond. The loan has a moratorium period of 03 months (interest to be 
served as an when applied). The total loan tenure is 36 months. including moratorium period. The loan is 
repayable is 33 equiated monthly principal installments starting March - 2026. The rate of interest is 8.50% The 
loan is secured by charge on entire immovable fixed assets of the company located at A-4/2. The loan is also 
secured by personal gaurantee of Mr.Nitin Menon.
D) HDFC bank Limited:-Loan of Rs.13 Crores is sanctioned. The total loan tenure is ,Term Loan - 60 months 
and Capex LC - 60 months. The rate of interest is 7.63%. The loan is secured by  Exclusive charge on factory 
land and building at Plot No C1 Kagal  Five star MIDC Hatangale, Kolhapur and charge over entire movable 
present and future fixed assets of Menon Alkop Limited. The loan is also secured by Corporate Guarantee of 
Menon Bearing Limited.
E) Federal  bank Limited:-Loan of Rs.2.50 Crores and BG Rs.0.50 Crores is sanctioned. The loan has a 
moratorium period of 6 months (Interest to be served as an when applied). The total loan tenure is 84 months. 
including moratorium period. The loan is repayable in 78  equated monthly  principal installments starting 
February 2026. The rate of interest is 9%. The loan is secured by  Exclusive charge on factory land and building 
at Plot No C1 Kagal  Five star MIDC Hatangale, Kolhapur and charge over entire movable present and future 
fixed assets of Menon Alkop Limited. The loan is also secured by Corporate Guarantee of Menon Bearing 
Limited. 
1,914.81 488.89
986.12 223.12
Shri Mahalaxmi Bank 686.06 281.63 0.00 0.00
Federal Bank Limited 84.51 50.56 0.00 0.00
3,262.70 1,137.73 2,900.93 712.01
(ii) Lease Liability                                                                                          77.62
Total                                                                                       2,202.58
83.57
2,272.49
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 153
===== PAGE 156 =====
Particulars Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Note No. 12
( C ) Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)
Deferred Tax Liability 
a) Depreciation Opening
Add: During the year
Closing Liability (a)
b) Disallowances as per Section 43B & 40(a)of Income Tax Act
Opening
Add: During the year
Closing Asset (b)
c) Others Opening
Add:- During the Year
Closing Asset (c)
Deferred Tax Liability (Net) (a-b-c)
Current Year
Ended on
31.03.2026
TOTAL
Current Liabilities
Note No. 13
(a) Financial Liabilities
     Name of Bank 
HDFC Bank Ltd. Cash Credit
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - HDFC Bank Ltd.
Fedral Bank Ltd. - Cash Credit
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - Bajaj Finance
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - Solar Plant - Mahalaxmi Bank
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - Solar Plant - HDFC Bank
Term Loan Due within 1 Year - Fedral Bank Ltd.
TOTAL
435.13
60.84
495.97
(20.89)
(29.57)
(27.24)
(2.22)
(29.45)
(8.68)
436.94
1,167.81
296.08
154.92
488.89
281.63
20.56
50.57
2,460.46
392.30
42.82
435.13
(0.22)
(20.89)
(14.01)
(13.23)
(27.24)
(20.67)
387.00
1,299.01
202.56
0.00
488.89
0.00
20.56
0.00
2,011.02
Notes:
a)  HDFC Bank Ltd. Kolhapur is secured by exclusive charge on entire current assets, movable and immovable 
fixed assets at Plot No. C-1, Kagal Five Star MIDC and G-1, MIDC Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur. The loan is also 
secured by personal guarantee of Mr.Nitin Menon and corporate gurantee by Menon Bearings Limited.
b) Federal Bank Ltd. Kolhapur is secured by exclusive charge on entire current assets, movable and 
immovable fixed assets at Plot No. C-1, Kagal Five Star MIDC and G-1, MIDC Gokul Shirgaon, Kolhapur. The 
loan is also secured by personal guarantee of Mr.Nitin Menon and corporate gurantee by Menon Bearings 
Limited.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D154
===== PAGE 157 =====
Note No. 14
(ii) Trade Payable
Trade Payable
Trade Payable (M.S.M.E.)
TOTAL
Particulars
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Note No. 15
(iii) Other Financial Liabilities
Gratuity Payable
Deposit from Customers
C.S.R.(Corporate Social Responsibility)
Provision for Expenses
Unpaid / Unclaimed Dividend
TOTAL
1,949.32
38.00
1,987.32
24.64
37.77
(0.25)
696.88
156.30
915.34
Note:
There are no amounts due and outstanding to be credited to investor education and protection fund as on 
st
31  March 2026.
1,492.61
41.54
1,534.15
29.77
45.07
(20.39)
556.71
165.15
776.31
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Note No. 16
(b) Other Current Liabilities
TOTAL
Statutory Liabilities
Lease Liability
Other Amount Payable
GST Tax Payable – Current Dues
Leave Encashment
Advance From Customers
Particulars Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year
Ended on
31.03.2026
TOTAL
Note No. 17
Sales
1.   Automotive & Industrial Components,  Aluminium Die Casting 
    Components & Brake Lining
2.  Scrap Sale
168.75
26.17
22.27
214.98
(58.24)
44.07
29,016.71
364.15
29,380.86
11.96
141.38
-
23.34
221.80
(0.42)
46.71
23,689.46
238.34
23,927.80
10.80
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 155
===== PAGE 158 =====
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year
Ended on
31.03.2026
TOTAL
Note No. 18
Other Operating Revenue
a) Exchange Difference
b) Sale of DEPB/ RODTEP License
c) Duty Drawback Refund
d) Lease Rent Received
e) Income from Other Source
f) Other Income
g) Profit on Sale of Fixed Asset
Note No. 19
Other Income
Income from Non-Current Investments
TOTAL
a)  Dividend from Companies
b)  Interest Received
c)  Net Gain / Loss on Sale / Revaluation of Investments  
199.79
12.72
274.91
17.92
59.43
0.00
564.77
0.00
0.00
78.72
81.17
114.91
10.55
137.32
6.20
35.18
8.01
324.18
12.00
0.00
125.53
102.28
(2.45) 23.25
Note No. 20
Cost of Materials Consumed
Raw Material
Opening Stock
Add : Purchases
 
 Total : 
Less: Closing Stock
Raw Material Consumed
Total : 
TOTAL
504.53
12,766.69
12,417.87
13,271.22
853.35
853.35
536.76
10,085.80
10,118.04
10,622.57
504.53
504.53
Note No. 21
Changes in Stock of Work-in-Process and 
Finished Goods
Opening Stock:
Finished Goods
Work in Process
Closing Stock :
Finished Goods
Work in Process
Increase / (Decrease) in Stock 
TOTAL
TOTAL
1,724.51
1,172.73
551.78
1,209.86
796.15
2,006.01
(281.50)
1,424.13
1,004.14
419.99
1,172.73
551.78
1,724.51
(300.38)
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D156
===== PAGE 159 =====
Total A] Operating Expenses 7,183.82
Particulars
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Note No. 22
Employee Benefits Expenses
Directors Remuneration
Salary and Wages
Labour Welfare
Contribution to Provident Fund
Contribution to Group Gratuity Trust
TOTAL
314.66
1,704.85
70.53
121.62
66.01
2,277.67
Note No. 23
Cost of Finance
Interest
Bank Commission & Other Charges
TOTAL 508.11
477.1
31.01
368.61
1,549.06
44.86
105.18
70.41
2,138.12
376.21
359.89
16.33
Note No. 24
Operating and Other Expenses
A] Operating Expenses
Stores & Spares Consumed
Electricity
Power & Fuel Expense
Electric Material
Outside Labour Charges
Contract Labour Charges
Water Charges
Repairs & Maintenance
Testing Fees
Hamali
Machining Charges
1,892.18
2,116.17
95.47
1.71
242.47
2,322.25
37.83
311.21
32.29
7.48
124.76
1,561.65
1,982.79
78.96
1.45
231.97
2,009.32
27.17
294.08
12.47
6.96
24.35
6,231.17
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 157
===== PAGE 160 =====
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
B] Other Expenses
Advertisement
C.S.R.(Corporate Social Responsibility) Expenses
i) Audit Fees
iv) Other Services
Business Expenses
Establishment Expenses
Foreign Tour Expenses
Freight Outward
Insurance
Building Repairs
Legal & Consultation
Misc. Expenses
Postage, Telephone 
Printing & Stationary
Rent, Rates and Taxes
Sales Promotion Expenses
Sitting Fees
Traveling Expenses
Loss on Sale of Asset
Vehicle & Conveyance Expenses
Total B] Other Expenses
Donation
ii)For Tax Matters 
iii) For Company Law Matters
Total [A+B] Operating and Other Expenses
9.61
72.85
4.85
0.52
77.77
8.87
423.12
30.23
84.99
78.55
30.28
12.22
17.11
42.94
470.87
0.75
124.31
0.17
28.44
0.85
0.45
1.21
27.99
1,548.96
7,780.13
7.43
77.47
5.10
0.75
0.45
0.57
51.90
0.02
28.44
13.47
487.75
37.17
57.15
76.83
34.12
11.89
21.65
42.39
815.00
0.95
106.55
0.00
28.94
1,905.69
9,089.51
Note No. 25
Tax Expense
Current Tax
Deffered Tax
TOTAL
       1,139.81
49.95
1,189.76
       869.88
20.96
890.84
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D158
===== PAGE 161 =====
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Particulars
Previous Year 
Ended on 
31.03.2025
Current Year 
Ended on
 31.03.2026
Note No. 26
Retirement Benefits (Gratuity)
Valuation Method - Projected Unit Credit Method
1. Results of Valuation 
a. PV of Past Service Benefit
b. Current Service Costs
c. Total Service Gratuity 
d. Accured Gratuity
e. LCSA
f.  LC Premiun
g. GST Tax @ 18 %
2.  Recommended Contribution Rate
a. Fund Value as on Renewal Date
b. Additional Contribution for Existing Fund
c. Current Service Costs
3. Total Amount Payable Rs. (1.f +1.g+2.b+2.c)
4. Less: Amount Paid
5. Liability Appearing in Balance Sheet
Note No. 27
Leave Encashment
Valuation Method - Projected Unit Credit Method
A) Other Comprehensive Income (OCI)
Actuarial (Gain)/Loss recognized for the period
Asset Limit Effect
Return on Plan Assets excluding Net Interest
Unirecognized Actuarial (Gain)/Loss from previous period
Total Actuarial (Gain)/Loss recognized in (OCI)
B) Movements in the Liability recognized in Balance Sheet
Opening Net Liability
Adjustment to Opening Balance
Expenses as Above
Contribution Paid
Other Comprehensive  Income (OCI)
Closing Net Liability
607.66
32.31
828.72
174.08
453.72
1.77
                      0.32
281.95
-
29.09
31.18
6.54
24.64
             23.06
                            -
                            -   
                            -   
47.77
                         -   
(19.26)
                  -
23.06
51.57
23.06
582.42
32.39
757.59
132.94
470.63
1.85
                      0.33
207.93
-
30.84
33.03
1.77
31.25
             25.81
                            (6.60)   
                            -   
                            -   
44.16
                         -   
(22.20)
                  -
21.96
41.17
19.21
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 159
===== PAGE 162 =====
Note No. 28
st 
Capital Work In Progress Ageing as at 31 March, 2026
Particulars         2-3 years
Project in Progress - -
More than 
3 years
Project Temporarily Suspended - -
Less than 
1 year
9.47 -
1-2 years
- -
(Rs. in Lakhs)
More than 
3 years
9.47
-
st 
Capital Work In Progress Ageing as at 31 March, 2025
Particulars         2-3 years
Project in Progress - -
More than 
3 years
Project Temporarily Suspended - -
Less than 
1 year
618.92 290.59
1-2 years
- -
More than 
3 years
909.51
-
Note No. 29
Reconciliation of Number of Equity Shares Outstanding at the beginning and end of the year:
Particulars
st
As at 31  March, 2025
Equity Shares 
 
        No of Shares 
Balance at the beginning of the year  5,60,40,000 560.40
Amount 
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Balance at the end of the year 5,60,40,000 560.40
Shares held by Promoter & Promoter Group at the end of the year  
st 
(i.e. 31 March, 2025)
Name 
Nitin Menon
Menon United Pvt. Ltd. 
Sucheta Nitin Menon 
Aditya Nitin Menon 
Anshul Nitin Menon 
Promoter 
Promoter Group 
Promoter Group 
Promoter Group 
Promoter Group 
-
-
-
-
-
1,54,43,454
1,36,19,800
28,01,964
32,44,978
32,44,978
27.56
24.30
5.00
5.79
5.79
Sr. No. Category Number of 
Shares
% of Total 
Shares
% change during 
the year
1
2
3
4
5
st
As at 31  March, 2026
        No of Shares 
5,60,40,000 560.40
Amount 
(Rs. in Lakhs)
5,60,40,000 560.40
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D160
===== PAGE 163 =====
Note No. 30
st
Trade Payable Ageing as at 31   March, 2026
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payment / from date of invoice raised
Total 
38.00
1,949.32
-
-
1,987.32
(Rs. in Lakhs)
MSME
Others
Dispute due MSME
Dispute Due others 
TOTAL
       -
-
-
-
-
       -
-
-
-
-
       -
-
-
-
-
38.00
1,949.32
-
-
1,987.32
Less than 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
st
Trade Payable Ageing as at 31   March, 2025
Particulars Outstanding for following periods from due date of
payment / from date of invoice raised
Total 
41.54
1,492.61
-
-
1,534.15
(Rs. in Lakhs)
MSME
Others
Dispute due MSME
Dispute Due others 
TOTAL
       -
-
-
-
-
       -
-
-
-
-
       -
-
-
-
-
41.54
1,492.61
-
-
1,534.15
Less than 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years
Note No. 31
st
Trade Receivable Ageing as at 31  March, 2026
Sr. 
No. 
Less than 
6 months 
Particulars 6 months 
- 1 year 
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years 
Total
1
2
3
4
5
6
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-Consider Good
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-which have 
significant increase in 
Credit risk
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-Credit Impaired
Disputed Trade 
Receivable-Consider Good
Disputed Trade Receivable - 
which have significant 
increase in Credit risk
Disputed Trade Receivable - 
Credit Impaired
7,222.32
-
-
-
-
-
1,837.88
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
17.00
-
-
-
-
-
9,077.20
-
-
-
-
-
TOTAL 9,077.207,222.32 1,837.88 - - 17.00
(Rs. in Lakhs)
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 161
===== PAGE 164 =====
Note No. 31
st
Trade Receivable Ageing as at 31  March, 2025
Sr. 
No. 
Less than 
6 months 
Particulars 6 months 
- 1 year 
1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years 
Total
1
2
3
4
5
6
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-Consider Good
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-which have 
significant increase in 
Credit risk
Undisputed Trade 
Receivable-Credit Impaired
Disputed Trade 
Receivable-Consider Good
Disputed Trade Receivable - 
which have significant 
increase in Credit risk
Disputed Trade Receivable - 
Credit Impaired
5,387.84
-
-
-
-
-
641.94
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
32.92
-
-
-
-
-
6,062.70
-
-
-
-
-
TOTAL 6,062.705,387.84 641.94 - - 32.92
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Note No. 32
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Activity
Sr. 
No. Particulars Year ended 
st
31  March, 2026
Year ended 
st
31  March, 2025
1
2
3
4
5
6
Amount required to be spent 
by the Company during the year 
Amount of expenditure incurred on 
i) Construction/acquisition of 
any assets
ii) On purpose of other than (i) 
above
Shortfall at the end of the year
Total of Previous year shortfall 
77.48 72.85
(Rs. in Lakhs)
Reason for shortfall
Nature of CSR activities
Details of related party transactions 
in relation to CSR expenditure as per
relevant Accounting Standard :
7
- -
77.72 58.46
Nil
Nil
There is no shortfall remaining.
Promotion and development of traditional art and handicrafts, 
training to promote rural sports, promotion of education, 
promotion of health care etc. 
There are no CSR transactions related parties.
-
-
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D162
Excess Amount Spent Nil0.25
===== PAGE 165 =====
In terms of Amendment to Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021 (the 
nd
CSR Rules 2021) effective from 22 January, 2021, if a Company fails to spend the prescribed CSR amount 
during the year and such unspent amount pertains to any ongoing project, the Company shall transfer the 
unspent amount to a special bank account to be opened by the Company in that be half forth at financial year in 
any scheduled bank to be called the Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility Account within a period of 
30days from the end of the relevant financial year. There is no unspent amount under CSR as on 
st
31 March,2026.
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D 163
Note No. 33  - Ratio's 
Sr. 
No. 
NumeratorParticulars Denominator Year Ended
1
2
3
4
5
6
Current 
Assets
2.51
0.25
5.83
22.25
7.84
3.88
8.19
3.50
12.74
st
31  
March, 
2026 
Current Ratio 
(In times)
Debt-Equity Ratio
(In times)
Debt Service 
Coverage 
Ratio (In times)
Return on Equity 
(ROE) (%)
Inventory Turnover 
Ratio (In times)
Trade Receivables 
Turnover  Ratio 
(In times)
Trade Payables 
Turnover Ratio 
(In times)
Net Capital Turnover 
ratio (In times)
Net Profit Ratio (%)
7
8
9
Total Debt
Net 
Operating 
Income 
Net 
Income 
Cost of 
Goods Sold
Net Sales
Net Credit 
Purchase
Net Sales
Net Profit
Current 
Liabilities
Shareholder's
Equity
Debt Service
Average
Shareholder's
Equity
Average
Inventory
Average 
Trade
Receivables
Average Trade
Payables
Working 
Capital
Total Income
st
31  
March, 
2025
Variance Remark 
for 
variance
more 
than 25%
1.79%
(6.60%)
22.00%
35.37%
2.71%
(6.27%)
(2.23%)
2.91%
24.56%
2.46
0.26
4.78
16.43
7.64
4.14
8.37
3.60
10.23
Due to 
Increase
in 
Proﬁtability
Due to 
Increase
in 
Proﬁtability
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
===== PAGE 166 =====
29.80
(0.38%)
Return on Capital 
Employed 
(ROCE)(%)
Return on 
Investment (%)
10
11
Earning 
Before
Interest and 
Taxes
Net Income 
Capital 
Employed
Cost of 
Investment 
25.64%
(108.76%)
23.72
4.39
 For and on behalf of the Board of Directors    
For M/s. A R N A & Associates, Chartered Accountants                                                          
Place : Kolhapur
th
Date   :  14  May, 2026
CA Rahulprasad A. Agnihotri  
Partner                                                                         
Membership No.:111576
UDIN  :  26111576CMBBIQ8454                   
 
 
Arun Aradhye 
 Managing Director
DIN : 03052587
Nitin Menon
Executive Chairman
DIN: 00692754
As per our report of even date attached 
 Chandrakant Ghatge
 Chief Financial Officer
 
Siddheshwar Kadane  
 Company Secretary
Membership No. : A72775
A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 2 5 - 2 0 2 6
M E N O N B E A R I N G S L I M I T E D164
===== PAGE 167 =====
