
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
Subject : Disclosure of Information pursu ant to Regulation 30 o f the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Outcome of Sche dule of 
Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting – Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
Pursuant to the relevant provisions of Regulation 30 (6) read with  Part A of Schedule III of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, we would like to 
inform you that the officials of the Company had an earnings conference call relating to the 
Audited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
financial year ended 31 st March, 2026 for the Investors/Analyst s (Participants) which was 
held as per the details below. 
 
Date & Time Type of Interaction 
19th May, 2026 at 2.00 p.m. IST Earnings Conference Call 
 
The Transcript of the earnings conference call is enclosed herewi th and has been uploaded 
on the website of the Company i.e. www.menonbearings.in . 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Menon Bearings Limited 
 
 
 
___________________ 
Siddheshwar Kadane 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No : A72775 
24.05.2026 
To,      To,  
The Manager - DCS      The Manager - Listing Department  
BSE Limited     National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers,      Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex                      
Dalal Street,      Bandra (East),                                                    
Mumbai – 400 001    Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Code: 523828    Symbol: MENONBE 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
 
Menon Bearings Limited 
 
Q4 & FY26 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Arun Aradhye - Whole Time Director and CFO 
Mr. Aditya Menon - Promoter Group 
Mr. Anshul Menon - Promoter Group 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 25 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q4 and FY26 Post Earnings 
Conference Call of Menon Bearings Limited. Today on the call from 
the management team we have with us Mr. Arun Aradhye, Managing 
Director, Mr. Aditya Menon, part of the Promoter Group and Mr. 
Anshul Menon, again part of the promoter group.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward -looking statements which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended March 2026, the growth 
plan and vision for the coming year, post which we will open the floor 
for Q&A. Over to the management team. 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: Hello everybody, good afternoon.  Thank you for joining us to discuss 
Menon Bearings Limited audited financial results for the quarter and 
full year ended 31 March, 2026. This has been a landmark year for the 
company. We have achieved significant growth across all key financial 
metrics, reflecting our strong position in auto component segment. 
 
So, total income growth, our consolidated total income for '25-'26 
reached INR 300 plus crores, a robust 23.16% increase over the 
previous year. So, far as profitability is concerned, our PAT for the full 
year stan ds at INR 38.25 crores, representing a growth of 53.41%, 
which is really phenomenal. So, far as quarterly performance is 
concerned, the fourth quarter was particularly too strong. On a 
consolidated basis, our PAT for quarter 4, ' 25-26 was upped by a 
remarkable 108.55% over last year , that is year -on-year. So, earnings 
per share has also gone up from INR4.45 to INR6.83 per share.  
 
Now, coming to operational excellence and strategic updates , so, we 
have the performance overall driven by increased opera tional 
efficiencies and a focused approach to market expansion. We continue 
to operate within our primary segment of auto components where we 
are seeing sustained demand. Now, as a legal compliance, so the new 
labour code has been introduced by the government and the regulations 
have been issued in the month of April '25. However, we have taken 
proactive measures to see that the impact of the sa me is already taken 
care of and has been accounted for in the previous year , so, there is no 
===== PAGE 4 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 25 
 
further liability in this regard will be arising for the past years. That care 
has been already taken. So, far as gratuity and basic and bonus and all 
components are concerned, that has been already taken care of. 
 
So, asset management is concerned , you see, our total assets s tand at 
INR 267 crores. So, the asset turn is almost 1.5. So, far as bearing s is 
concerned, asset turn is 2. Al kop it is 1.5, and brakes, it is almost 1, 
which is likely to be -- are targeting about 2 in the next year, including 
this year.  
 
Looking ahead a t '26-'27, we are extremely optimistic.  Our new 
development parts pipeline is robust with 51 new parts across major 
customers like John Deere  for India domestic and exports as well. 
Eaton, Taco Prestolite and Mayekawa representing a business value of 
almost INR 30 crores within this year and next year. Most of the items 
are under development. Some of them have been already approved by 
the customer. Some are in the commercial discussions. 
 
With this, apart from this, in Bi-Metal division also, we are having a 
robust pipeline of more than INR 50 crores. And that for the breaks, it 
is almost INR 10 crores for the next two years. With this, we hope that 
there will be a question in your mind that whether we can sustain the 
performance that we have given in the last quarter. I am 100% sure with 
the business in pipeline and so many actions that we have taken in the 
past so far as material consumption is here raw material prices are going 
up, we were successful in passing on that burden of raw material to the 
customers to the larger extent. Maybe one or two customers are left and 
that will be completed during this quarter also. And again, we will be 
sustaining this because of increase in the overall turnover which we are 
targeting at a rate of 25% year-on-year for next few years. And you can 
calculate as to which volumes we can reach by 2028.  
 
To be optimistic, we have in our mind estimate which depends upon the 
overall geopolitical situation and all these things. We should consid er 
that. But we are very optimistic to see that. And we will take all -out 
efforts to see how we can reach INR500 crores by '28. So, there are 
several other customers and in conclusion, Menon Bearings is entering 
in the new financial year with strong momentum and healthy order book 
and a solid financial foundation. 
 
I again assure you that considering the present situation going forward, 
we will be able to maintain EBITDA more than 20% and it should be 
about between 20 % to 22% during next two years. We remai n 
committed to delivering sustainable value to our shareholders.  
===== PAGE 5 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 25 
 
 
Now, we will now open the floor for questions. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We'll now begin the question  and answer session. All 
those who wish to ask a question, please  use the option of raise hand 
and we will invite you to ask a question. You can also put your question 
in the chat box or in Q&A box.  . We will take the first question from 
Agastya Dave. Please go ahead. 
 
Agastya Dave: Am I audible? 
 
Moderator: Yes. 
 
Agastya Dave: Thank you very much, sir. Sir, congratulations on amazing 
performance, sir. Very, very well done, sir.  And also, I would like to 
thank you for starting the concalls and appointing an IR agency, sir, 
putting up the presentations. It's very, very useful, sir. I really appreciate 
it. I've been tracking your company for more than 10 years. And I was 
a shareholder a long, long time back. And again, I'm a shareholder 
again. So, even in that time, you guys did very well, Sir. Even now 
you're doing very well. So, congratulations, sir. 
 
Sir, one request. In the quarterly numbers which have come out, they 
don't quite tally with the format in the annual report. There are slight 
changes, reclassifications, especially in the employee expenses and the 
other expenses. It's difficult to tally if the two formats are very different. 
So, I would request, sir, for 2026 annual report and the subsequent 
quarters, if we can stick with one particular format, which is consistent 
across annual reports and also in the qua rterly results so that we can 
tally individual line items. That would be of great help, sir. 
 
Arun Aradhye: I know what is your observation that I also object and we have given a 
particular note in the presentation that has been submitted on website as 
well as uploaded on the BSE, NSE website also. We have given a 
precise note as to why there is a change . Last year the tooling cost so 
far as tooling manufacturing is concerned was shown under operating 
expenses. Now, it has been shown in the actually raw material 
consumption and that's why there is a difference and that note has been 
already given. 
 
Agastya Dave: So, apart from that, there is one on employees also. 
 
Arun Aradhye: So, that goes on varying. So, that we will be giving details in the AGM. 
 
===== PAGE 6 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 25 
 
Agastya Dave: Okay, perfect. It's a small thing, sir. I just wanted to make sure that I 
put that point across.  Sir, given the new segments that you're working 
on and what has been written in the presentation about the new 
components that you're developing and the trials which are happening. 
After that, sir, how do you see the margin profile of the company 
changing? So, one is the operating leverage which will come in because 
you are growing volumes.  Second is the mix change that you are 
undergoing. So, how do you see the margin, the gross margins and the 
EBITDA margins changing, sir? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, so far as the new developments are concerned, more than 50% 
of the new business in the pipeline is exports. 
 
Agastya Dave: Okay. 
 
Arun Aradhye: That is for exports, where margins are always better than aftermarket or 
OEM. So, considering that we are 100% sure that we will not be only 
able to sustain the margin, but the margin should further improve. 
 
Agastya Dave: So, this will be like 50 basis points every year or will there be a bigger 
jump because the other divisions will now start contributing quite 
meaningfully, right? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, it depends upon exactly how the  -- at what time the business 
starts. So, far as exports are concerned, because you  see, we have 
already explained in so many meetings that once we received an 
inquiry, the total time for testing, validation, preparation of samples, 
submission and actual production, it takes a lot of time that is between 
six months to one year. So, depending upon when the actually the 
business of export starts, it is productionized.  Depending upon that 15 
basis points or even more than that, we can definitely, and I'm sure that 
it goes above 15 in the next year. 
 
Agastya Dave: Great, sir. Sir, what is the planned CapEx for the coming year? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Planned CapEx for Menon Bearings, it is a bearing division, it is a Bi-
Metal division, INR25 crores for next two years. And for Alkop, it is 
INR7 crores and brakes, it is INR3 crores. 
 
Agastya Dave: So, INR25 crores each for two years for Bi-Metal? 
 
Arun Aradhye: For two years. 
 
Aditya Menon: Combined together, two years.  
===== PAGE 7 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 25 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: So, INR12.5 crores, INR12.5 crores, and then INR7 crores. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Maybe INR20 crores and plus INR5 crores, but taken together, it is 
INR25 crores for two years. 
 
Agastya Dave: And sir, for the brake division? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Brake division, it is INR3 crores. 
 
Agastya Dave: INR3 crores, okay, perfect. One final question, sir. The one thing which 
is sticking out is the high interest expenses. Is there a particular reason 
for that, sir? Is there a way to control that? Any commentary on that 
part would be of great help. 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, since we have started the business and our exports have gone 
up, particularly in USA, the total turnaround time of debtors is more 
than 180 days. And the exports have increased substantially. So, 
increase in exports is more than INR3 crores. And if the turnover time 
of 180 days is there, so obviously the debtors, you can see from the 
balance sheet and this is one-off, and it is obvious. But at the same time, 
what we have done, since the interest subvention on exports is available 
by the government,  they have made it available on our request, 
particularly on our company's request, Honourable Prime Minister has 
considered that, our Ministry of Commerce has considered, and they are 
now offering 2.75% subvention on export subsidy. Okay.  
 
So, we are goi ng with PCFC limits, and we already talked, we have 
taken INR6 crores of loan from the bank so far as PCFC is concerned, 
which is available at the rate of 4% now, 4.70% ,. So, over a period of 
time, when the total limits we are availing from the bankers is to the 
tune of INR25 crores so far as PCFC limits are concerned, so that the 
total cost at the rate of 4.70% instead of 8%, blocking will be higher 
because of debtors. So, we can bring down that total working capital 
limit, and at the same time, we'll be saving about 4% on working capital 
limit so that interest part of it will come down and whatever cap ex is 
that we are going to do that most of it will be financed with internal 
accruals. 
 
Agastya Dave: Great, sir. S ir, I have other questions as well, but I'll go back in the 
queue and come back again. Thank you very much, sir. 
 
Aditya Menon: Thank you. 
 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Moderator: Thank you. All those who wish to ask the question, please use the option 
of raise handWe'll take the next question from Garvit Goyal. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Garvit Goyal: Hi, am I audible?  
 
Moderator: Yes, Garvit.  
 
Garvit Goyal: Hi, thanks for the opportunity.  I'm a bit new to the company. So, just 
trying to understand what kind of new products are we currently 
working on? What are the sectors that they cater to? 
 
Aditya Menon: So, primarily our main customers are in the tractor, HCV, LCV 
division, then generators, earth moving. In the recent three years, we've 
moved towards a little bit EV. We're making parts for -- we are like tier 
two supplier for  Tesla through concentric pumps.  We do  -- we give 
parts to Eaton Transmission. They do parts for Porsche e-mobility. We 
also started supplying to Taco Prestolite, Tata Motors for their electric 
cars. So, we shifted a little towards EV. We entered new produ cts that 
-- like new product, like Mr. Aradhye said, we've entered into the 
friction material. So, we're doing HCV, LCV, two wheelers now. Now, 
we entered new products into three wheelers. We're exploring railway. 
So, from August or like by end of this yea r, railway business would 
have been started. 
 
In aluminium, we are diversifying into oil and gas, house automation. 
So, there's a different area of products which we are doing now. 
 
Garvit Goyal: You mentioned about EV. What percentage of your revenue righ t now 
is coming from EV, sir?  
 
Aditya Menon: So, aluminium division around 10% is coming from EV. 
 
Garvit Goyal: Okay. And are we planning to enter into apart from the automotive 
sector, like the ones railway you mentioned, but again, it is into the 
mobility part of it, right? So do we have any plan to enter into precision 
manufacturing for aerospace or something like that?  Do we have any 
kind of adjacent capabilities in that area, sir?  
 
Aditya Menon: We are doing high -end technology.  We can do aerospace parts. We 
have also entered aerospace. We're doing some parts for Honeywell for 
airport and aerospace solutions, but we have not entered it largely yet.  
But our company capability is there to do aerospace and we are 
exploring options, but we are doing few parts for aerospace. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 25 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: Our capability is entering into aerospace, but what we are concentrating 
as in the initial discussion and in the speech, I told you that we are 
concentrating more on auto components. We're auto components focus 
industry and manufacturers. 
 
Garvit Goyal: Understood. And so, what kind of demand scenario are we seeing in 
particularly in US market right now from the CV side of it? 
 
Arun Aradhye: So far as USA market is concerned, our exports have gone up by almost 
50% over last year so far as USA market is concerned and there is a lot 
of opportunities we are looking for. Apart from USA, we are targeting 
now European countries as well. Since European countries are looking 
to divert their volumes and businesses from China to India and they are 
tapping our doors and we'll be very happy to see that they come into our 
fold from the next year. 
 
Aditya Menon: And as Menon Bearings has a good brand name, we are doing high -
value parts for the last 30 years. Like Mr. Aradhye said, as Eur ope is 
looking for new vendors, new suppliers in India, touch wood last six 
months, we have got so many inquiries, we are getting overwhelmed by 
so much RFQs that are coming towards us. So Europe business also will 
start in the future.  Today, out of the wh ole pie chart, we are doing 
around 35%. Out of 100, we are doing export and around 80% of export 
goes to Europe, but now we are seeing a lot of European demand and 
European inquiries coming. Maybe in the next 2, 3 years, Europe and -
- Europe also will have a good share in our export. Europe market will 
have a good share in Menon Bearings export. Thank you. 
 
Garvit Goyal: And in Europe also like entirely we will be focusing on auto parts, right? 
 
Aditya Menon: Yes, all our components, Bi-Metal division, aluminium division and 
brakes division.  
 
Garvit Goyal: Good. That's it from my side, sir. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from A kshay Jawahar. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Akshay Jawahar: Hi. Thank you for the opportunity.  I just want to confirm the margin 
guidance. So for FY26, you have done 22% and for '27-'28, we are 
basically estimating that each year there will be a minimum increase of 
at least 50 basis points, right?  
 
===== PAGE 10 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 25 
 
Arun Aradhye: Right.  
 
Akshay Jawahar: Okay. Thank you. 
 
Arun Aradhye: We will certain that afterwards. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Himanshu Upadhyay. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon. Congrats on good set of numbers. See one -
- hello. Am I audible? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Yeah, yeah. Please go ahead. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Yeah. So one thing, one place which has still not done well for us has 
been Alkop. Okay. So in last 2 -3 years, the expectation was this will 
grow at a much faster pace than our bearings business because it is at a 
very nascent stage and a lot of new product deliveries were to happen 
and development. But if you look at '24, it was around INR64 crores, 
INR65 crores and FY26 has shown some growth but the way the 
business was expected to grow, it has been slower and bearings has been 
the positive surprise for us. So bearings has done pretty well. So can 
you elaborate on what is the reason for that? 
 
Aditya Menon: Last 2 years, if you say Alkop result, there has been growth but not as, 
what do you say, exponential growth as Menon Bearings. But this year, 
like how we mentioned, we have developed parts in the aluminium 
segment for various OEMs and differ ent customers. If you see last 
quarter from January, you have seen there has been significant growth 
per month or quarterly growth in Alkop also. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Particularly, if you refer to the fourth quarter of this year for aluminium, 
Menon Alkop is concerned, you can see there is a growth quarter -on-
quarter to the extent of almost 25% and we are assuming a growth in 
Alkop for the next 2 years at the rate of 29%. 
 
Aditya Menon: Actually, because of the war, a lot of delays were happening. A lot of 
aluminium parts which we made were new engines. So last 3 months 
have been quite, what do you say, the export routes have been taking 
delays. Customers have, last 6 , 8 months because of  war and raw 
material prices increased, Donald Trump's tariffs, so customers have 
been a little bit slow. So when our samples had to be delivered in 
January, they were okay for March. Because all customers could  -- we 
===== PAGE 11 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 25 
 
make small parts of one engine where c ustomers require around 800 
parts from different customers. 
 
So that was taking time. But last quarter and this quarter, what all parts 
we have been developing, we are seeing that come into production. And 
last quarter and this quarter also, you will see a much significant growth 
for Menon Alkop also. And the next 2 years, Menon Alkop will be 
contributing as much as Menon Bearing in the whole pie chart. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay. And in the Bi-Metals, have you added many new customers 
because of which we are seeing so very good growth or it is the existing 
customers and the very good growth what we have seen? 
 
Arun Aradhye: That is a mix of both, new customers as well as the existing customers 
of whom the business has grown substantially. And again, I repeat here 
that Alkop for next 2 years will grow at a rate of 29%. I am 100% sure 
because most of the items have been -- samples have been already 
approved. We are just waiting. In tranches, they will start issuing the 
orders so far as procurement is concerned. The only thing is that we are 
waiting for the orders now and it will be completed over a period of 2 
years. And as I told you that there is a pipeline, assured pipeline of 
INR30 crores that can be completed within 2 years from now. As such, 
there will be a growth of, you see, I can tell you, we can reach more 
than INR120 crores in next 2 years so far as Alkop is concerned. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: In braking business, the dynamometer, has it settled down and are the 
testing for the railways and NCV which were pen ding? What is the 
progress there? 
 
Arun Aradhye: That is under production and we will be receiving it by the end of 
August and thereafter we will take up the business not only of railways 
but OEMs business also will be in our fold, I am sure. We had a meeting 
today morning itself. So far as railway business is concerned, we are 
already tied up with them.  They are already inspected. They are just 
waiting for the arrival of dynamometer. After that, we will get the 
registration and vendor code number and we will start the business. May 
not be a large scale to start with but slowly we can take up with railways 
as well as OEMs.  
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And any specific reason so much delay in dynamometer because I think 
it was to have come last year by August?  
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, , we actually ordered this machine or testing machine for 
(from) two other manufacturers but unfortunately they could not 
===== PAGE 12 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 25 
 
complete because of certain reasons which cannot be explained here but 
now that is in progress and we are 100% sure that it will be completed 
by August. 
 
Aditya Menon: See, dynamometer is not an easy testing equipment. It is very expensive 
first of all and there are very few players in India who do it . And what 
technical specification Menon Brakes were demanding, few of the 
customers couldn't achieve it. So finally, we found a partner which is 
delivering the specifications which we want which can do even high -
end railway parts like Vande Bharat and the new age trains.  We just 
didn't want, if you are investing so much money, we wanted to have a 
technology that can help us for the next 10 years. So, a lot of back and 
forth with many companies and engineers and consultants and finally, 
we reached on a party which is delivering our requirements and t hat is 
coming in. At the same time, we developed new parts in brakes. 
 
We entered a two -wheeler segment, three -wheeler segment. We have 
also submitted samples for OEMs and the dynamometer also is coming 
in August. And we are also, like Mr. Aradhye said, today we had a very 
positive meeting with the railway segment. So, that business also is 
looking forward. So, brakes also has a good future lining up. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. 
 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Thanks. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Pritesh Chheda. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: Yeah. Hello, sir. Sir, on the Bi-Metal bearing side, what is the 
dependence on CV and what is the dependence on factors in our 
business line, if you could share that mix? And second is, these material 
cost increase because I am assuming Bi-Metal means copper will also 
be a part of the raw material. So  -- and there is a lot of inflation, this 
base metal. So, how do we handle the Bi-Metal bearing in terms of the 
growth next year and also the margin outlook considering the metal 
price being up? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Okay. There are two things that you firstly asked as to what are the 
segment wise revenue. Percentage, tractor it is 35% of the total revenue 
and HCV-LCV it is between 20% to 25%. Secondly… 
 
Pritesh Chheda: So, then what is the balance? 25% and 35%. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 25 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: So, brakes is 20%, transmission is 15% and other engineering goods 
and electricals, etc., that is 10%. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: So brakes will then be a part of some auto, right? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Brakes, , braking system, not brake liners. This is our Bi-Metal, we are 
telling you. 
 
Aditya Menon: Bushes go wherever rotation is there, but it goes in HCV, LCV, brakes 
India gives to all segments. But as primary OEM, 35% is tractors, 25% 
is HCV, LCV, then 25% is brakes usage, 15% transmission, we give to 
Allison Transmission, Magna Transmission, and rest is 10% is 
electrical application and other industrial application where we give our 
products. So, that's the whole application pie chart. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: So, I am assuming that this brakes and transmission where you are 
secondary supplier in turn goes to auto. So, auto will be like 90%, right? 
And in that, if one has to look at in that 90%, how much is HCV and 
tractor, will it be similar as you are a primary in turn secondary also will 
come out to be a same breakup? 
 
Aditya Menon: Similar breakup, I would say, not same.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: Okay, done. Yeah. Similar. Okay, no problem, sir.  
 
Arun Aradhye: Yeah. So, as far as raw material is concerned, you can see raw material 
prices are not increasing now only. Since October, they have been 
increasing like anything and we have already passed on that burden to 
the customers. We are having pre-decided formulas, RM indexing is 
there, raw material indexing is there. And accordingly, we are passing 
on that burden to customers, not to worry about the margin. 
 
Aditya Menon: For your better understanding, before we used to have a delta. So, three 
months, the prices have increased, we bear it. The whole in one, one 
and a half year is equal out.  Some three months the customer bears it, 
some we bear it. But now as prices are more volatile and increasing 
significantly, every day the management, our mar keting teams are 
having chats with the customer, how we can reduce this delta from three 
months to per monthly basis or how we can reduce the burden which is 
bear by the company even more. But whatever raw material increase 
happens, the customer bears it b ecause we are supplying high -end 
technology parts to them.  And we are their partners. If our products 
don't reach, their assembly lines stop. So, they have a bigger cost if that 
===== PAGE 14 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 25 
 
happens. So, customers and us, we have a very good relation. We work 
in tandem and they give us raw material price increase. But as Menon 
Bearings, as management, we are trying to make this gap as small as 
possible. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: Okay. And the growth outlook in the Bi-Metal Bearing, considering 
FY26 was one of the best years for tractors and HCVs? 
 
Arun Aradhye: So, we could not get your question.  
 
Aditya Menon: Growth this year also for Menon Bearings has been significant. Next 
year alone also, we are growing at 25%  -- 23% next year also. But I 
would like to clarify one more thing. I have always said it in our investor 
meetings. Our top management or our company philosophy is growing 
sustainably. If you look for the last 10 years, 15 years, our EBITDA 
margins have remained the same. Our top line must have not grown so 
aggressively, but our profit margins and EBITDA margins have 
remained the same. 
 
So, when we are talking about growth, our policy, our philosophy of 
our company is to have the same margins. So, tomorrow when Mr. 
Aradhye says we will reach 500, we are going to main tain similar 
EBITDA and profit margins. So, we take different policy matters to 
grow sustainably. So, we don't get greedy behind growth or top line or 
one customer, we get big business. So, no customer has more than 15%.  
 
Arun Aradhye: As you said, we are  not after volumes. We are balancing between 
volumes as well as margins, so that we are certain in that over a period 
of pattern. And we will certain it in future as well. 
 
Aditya Menon: None of our customers has more than 15% market share, like share of 
the company. So, we are not dependent on one customer or like you 
might say like auto is a big margin. So, we have a good diversification 
of tractor companies we give to, good diversification of import and 
export. So even if one cycle is down, we are not affected as a company 
as a whole in a bigger picture. So, we take care of all of that and take 
decisions accordingly. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: Okay. So, just one last question on Alkop. We are at 2 ,000 ton ne 
capacity, right? 
 
Arun Aradhye: That is actually 1 ,450 tons capacity, but we are having another spare 
holding furnace. So, we can double that capacity at any time 
===== PAGE 15 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 25 
 
considering the volumes and future that we will have to install that 
capacity as well and start production on that. 
 
Aditya Menon: So, more than  2,000 tonnes if required. Currently we are operating at 
1,500 tonne. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: So, 1,500 tonnes per annum, right?  
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes. Yes. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 1,500 tons per annum and what is the utilization? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Utilization as of now is 65% and it is likely to go up to 90% by the end 
of this year so that we will have to engage another furnace next year. 
 
Pritesh Chheda: Okay. Thank you very much, sir. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah. And Mr. Chheda, I would like to like, if aluminium for at least 
Menon Alkop, don't try to calculate by tonnage. Because if you see any 
of our competitors in the market, basically I will say before price 
increase, aluminium was for INR200 a kilo. Average realization if you 
see competitors, even big players, they do around INR450, INR500 is 
higher end. Average realization of value addition is INR200 or INR250 
more, where Alkop's average realization is INR750, INR700. So, we 
are focusing on very crit ical high value parts.  So, tonnage calculation 
won't give you correct, like, if you go try to reverse calculate, it won't 
give you, you won't come to our figures. 
 
Arun Aradhye: So what we are telling you that we are not after volumes, we are 
balancing both the games, you see, volumes to the certain extent, which 
can fetch us margins which are sustainable. 
 
Aditya Menon: And even if you see in the aluminium division, big companies, I don't 
want to take my competitor's name, they are working at 6% and 8% 
margins, where in the aluminium division also we are working at around 
20% margins. So, that's the difference between Menon Alkop and other 
players in the market.  
 
Pritesh Chheda: Okay. Yeah.  
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Raghav Maheswari. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Raghav Maheswari: Hi, am I audible?  
===== PAGE 16 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 25 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes.  
 
Raghav Maheswari: Yeah. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great 
result and great FY26. So, sir, first of all, I wanted to understand, like 
you mentioned repeatedly that you were able to pass on the raw material 
price hikes to the customers, but just wanted to understand a little bit, 
what's going on in the industry? How much of the price hike were you 
able to see? Like, I know you have passed it on, but how much was the 
raw material inflection? 
 
Aditya Menon: It was significantly high this year. Aluminium also, we used different 
alloys and different grades technically, but some grades that cost INR 
240 a kilo went to INR 280. Copper rate, everyone knows. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Last month it was INR 1,210, now it has risen to INR 1,275. So it is 
fluctuating according to the geopolitical situation and market.  So, they 
are very volatile. We cannot say if it has gone up to INR 1,275, maybe 
in the next week it will go down to INR 1,215 as well. 
 
Aditya Menon: But this price around one year back was INR 900. So, if you see, there 
has been a significant jump, but we have to buy, we do buy every month 
or quarterly. So, these prices ha ve been very volatile, but customers, 
because we are doing high value addition and our customers are OEMs, 
we are not doing any, like, I don't want to say riff-raff, but all our 
customers are A-grade customers. They also appreciate our effort and 
they give us, we have a very good relation for the last 30 years and they 
support us for this price increase. 
 
Raghav Maheswari: And any difficulties or challenges you are facing or you might face in 
sourcing the raw material apart from the price hike? 
 
Aditya Menon: No, sourcing is not an issue. Pricing is the issue. But there are some 
logistic issues now because of the war, logistic lines are taking a little 
longer. So, now because of that, we have to be proactive, be in touch 
with the logistic partners more often, try to get the best routes. So, from 
that end, we are spending more energy and time making sure all that 
happens on time, where before the war it was more smooth situation.  
 
Arun Aradhye: That is more or less true so far as exports are concerned. Most of the 
raw material required, we are procuring it domestically. So, the war like 
situation and geopolitical situation doesn't affect much so far as our 
industries are concerned, except for Alkop some imports we have to do. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 25 
 
So, we have to take a little more effort so far as certain material is 
concerned, but overall situation is normal for us. 
 
Aditya Menon: We have to be more proactive and monitor the situation better. 
 
Raghav Maheswari: Understood sir, that helps. And sir, in the last con call, you said that 
exports, you are targeting almost 90 % to 95% of exports, you want to 
build it ex-works. So, how far are we in that? 
 
Aditya Menon: We are working, most of our export orders are getting converted to ex-
works. Around 80% of our orders are ex-works, remaining 20% we are 
in talks. So, it's not very easy. Some customers are... 
 
Arun Aradhye: What happens, you know, when we are discussing and negotiating with 
such customers where our quantum of bu siness is too high and where 
our terms are DDP that is delivery duty paid. So, we are talking to them 
and at the same time they are asking for reduction to the extent that we 
cannot afford. So instead of that, better we continue with DDP terms. 
That is what is happening. But when, like I am visiting USA next 
month, maybe Canada next month and USA month, then we will have 
talks with them and we will see what best we can do. Whether it can be 
from 80% we can move it to 90%, let us see. 
 
Aditya Menon: But majority of our exports still out of 100%, 80% is ex-works. So, that 
is still very, we are in a very good position where we are not letting a 
third party like a war or a third -- so, external factors affect our quality 
and delivery timings. So, what 80% is left, we are still negotiating and 
trying our way how we can get ex-works. 
 
Raghav Maheswari: And that is yet to reflect in the trade receivables?  
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes, yes.  
 
Raghav Maheswari: Understood, sir. And sir, also second thing… 
 
Moderator: Raghav, may I request you to rejoin the queue. There are other 
participants.  
 
Raghav Maheswari: Sure, sir. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the next question from Murtaza and I would 
request the participants to limit their questions to two per participants. 
 
===== PAGE 18 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 25 
 
Murtaza:  Hi, sir. Good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity and 
congratulations on a good set of numbers. I had a questions. So, firstly, 
just continuing the previous participant, like wh at is the time lag we 
have in terms of passing on the cost? Is it a month or a quarter? How do 
we do it?  
 
Arun Aradhye: Quarterly.  
 
Murtaza:  Okay, quarterly. And sir, secondly, earlier we had mentioned that we 
are trying to improve our asset turns to somewhere around 2 to 2.5. So, 
like what sort of timeline , and are we on track and what are the key 
changes or steps we are taking in? 
 
Arun Aradhye: So, we are right on track. You see, for the next two years, what I already 
told you that there is a growth of 25% envisage year-on-year. With that, 
we will be able to on overall consolidated basis, we should be able to 
reach asset turnover of 2. By '28, we should be reaching that 100%. 
 
Aditya Menon: And you mean by efforts, we take efforts on a daily basis, we are doing 
daily monitoring, there is technology upgradation, training of our teams. 
So, a lot of effort taken by the management to make sure that we are 
achieving these set of numbers. 
 
Murtaza:  I appreciate that effort. And lastly, just also wanted to understand earlier 
in last quarter concall regarding the PTFE bush opportunities for the 
EVs, we had sent some samples. So, I just wanted to know, like how is 
the -- have we received the approvals?  How has it been, needed some 
commentary if you can? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, total inquiry process, PTFE bushes is for seven parts. Out of 
that one part, they were initially asking us to provide the samples which 
has been approved by the European country. And t heir Vice President 
is visiting Pune office, Pune manufacturing facilities of that customer 
by 26, where our marketing manager will visit them.  And we'll take it 
forward. And for once that approval that they have , orally they have 
received the communicatio n that the sample is approved. Now, that 
Vice President will put up another inquiry for remaining six parts so far 
as PTFE is concerned, and those all will be manufactured by us, samples 
will be sent to European countries.  And once that is approved, then 
maybe for so far as one lakh of bushes per month is concerned, we will 
be getting that order within a month or two. And for rest of the items, 
those samples will be sent to them. And we are likely to get that order 
to be productionized by this year.  And that quantum will be about six 
lakhs of pieces per month. 
===== PAGE 19 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 25 
 
 
Aditya Menon: And there is significant growth in the PTFE industry also like the newer 
age engines will be moving towards PTFE and new coatings and new 
technology. And last three, four years, Menon Bearings, we have, as a 
team working very hard on this technology. And finally, we have 
perfected it, I would say. So moving ahead, lot of growth will be there 
in this segment. Because the newer age engines required this. And that's 
why like Mr. Aradhye said, European companies are interested now and 
we are submitting our samples. So in the next two years, you will see a 
growth in this PTFE market also. The last three, four years of R&D and 
research in PTFE is benefiting us now. 
 
Murtaza:  Sure, sure. Thank you very much. Just one final question. I guess earlier 
in the investor presentation, we were exporting South Africa via our 
Dubai distributor. So I just wanted to know because of the disruption of 
the West Asia war. So have we changed our path to it? And how are we 
planning on doing it? 
 
Aditya Menon: No, we still are doing export through Middle East only. Because we 
have not -- we had past a bad experience directly working in Africa 
during payment conditions and all. So this merchant exporter gives 
advance payment which goes to Africa.  So now the time period is 
longer, the consignments are going. Before it went three times a month, 
is going once a month, because of congestion in the Dubai ports and 
Middle East ports. But work is happening through Middle Ea st only. 
We are -- we want to be safe. We are doing -- we have certain payment 
terms and conditions which we are focusing on. And we don't deviate 
from that. 
 
Arun Aradhye: I think you're targeting the question is actually the material that we are 
sending to African countries through Dubai?  
 
Murtaza:  Yes, yes.  
 
Arun Aradhye: So what has happened so far as Dubai is concerned, they export to 
African countries through Dubai. For last three months, we have -- that 
export is halted. That has affected to the e xtent of almost INR2 crores 
of business that we have lost during last three months. However, at the 
same time, that has been compensated by customer for African 
countries. We have got orders of almost INR6 crores for the entire year. 
And here the merchant exporter is lifting the material from us and 
sending directly to African countries. And from the merchant exporter, 
we are getting the payment in advance.  So overall, there is no impact 
on our sales or volumes as such. 
===== PAGE 20 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 25 
 
 
Murtaza:  Sure, sure, sir. Thank you very much. All the best for the future. 
 
Aditya Menon: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Ajay Sharma. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Ajay Sharma: Yeah, I just want to check for Al kop. You have mentioned that almost 
INR50 crore to INR60 crore revenue will come from just one single 
customer. Is that correct? 
 
Aditya Menon: Not one single customer. There's John Deere, there's Honeywell, there's 
Taco Prestolite, there's Eaton, there are many customers. But we 
developed a lot of export parts. Like when I say John Deere, there's John 
Deere plant in Mexico, there's a John Deere plant in USA, there's a John 
Deere plant in Europe. So it's not one plant like and that one plant does 
INR2,000 crore turnover. So if you see that there are 10 differe nt 
customers, which we are developing parts for.  So the next two years 
growth, there are different segments. So John Deere is one of the larger 
players, but we are developing parts for Honeywell, Concentric, Taco 
Prestolite. 
 
Arun Aradhye: In the initial s peech, what I told you, that I will repeat it again. New 
development parts pipeline is robust with 51 new parts across major 
customers like John Deere for domestic as well as for exports. Then 
Eaton, Taco Prestolite and Mayekawa representing the business v alue 
of more than INR29.69 crores so far as aluminium business is 
concerned. And that all will be productionized in this year as well as 
some part of it will be in the next year. So overall INR30 crores business 
pipeline in Alkop is pending and will be completed during these two 
years. Okay? 
 
Ajay Sharma: Yeah, got it. And for Bi-Metal, I guess you're targeting 23% growth, 
right? And so where is the additional growth coming from? 
 
Arun Aradhye: There are so many customers and pipeline is very large, you see. So 
entire page is there, almost more than 28 to 30 customers are in pipeline. 
We have received RFQs, not only received RFQs, some of the 
commercials have been already finalized.  Some of the samples have 
been already sent. Some of the samples have been already approved and 
we are getting orders from them one by one by one. And during next 
two years, including this year, I hope that the new addition into Bi-
Metal business will be more than INR50 crores. 
===== PAGE 21 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 25 
 
 
Aditya Menon: Like Mr. Aradhye said, today's meeting that happened for new business, 
that business will get actualized after 2.5 years. So what growth we are 
seeing today is last two years' effort. So today what new business we're 
looking at because it's an engineering and very technical product.  
There's a lot of time that goes in developing the parts, then testing 
validation. Then they have to get all the new engine parts from all their 
suppliers. Then six months testing, then they start business in a small 
way. If the order is 10,000 pieces, first month they don't do 10,000 
pieces, they start with 2,000 pieces, then 4,000, then 8,000. So the 
quantity increases. So it takes a little bit more time. 
 
So in the Bi-Metal bearing, it takes around nine months from start to 
order. Maybe in the aluminium division, it takes a little longer time, 
around 12 to 14 months from start , from the day we get RFQ till we 
(the) start of business happens. And these external factors like the war 
and et cetera doesn't help in the situation. 
 
Ajay Sharma: Okay. Thank you very much. 
 
Aditya Menon: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take the next question from Divyansh Gupta. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: Hi, I just have one question. In the revenue split that we have given, 
right? So there is OEM replacement and aftermarket, OEM, aftermarket 
and exports, but there's also another line others. So what is this others? 
 
Arun Aradhye: That is industrial, industrial , generators, compressors, fans, coolers, et 
cetera. 
 
Aditya Menon: A lot of air conditioning, our bushes go for a lot of air conditioning 
applications. Air conditioning, industrial fridge, those go in hotel 
industry. 
 
Arun Aradhye: In compressors, generators, yeah. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: And how do we see the growth of this segment? Because let's say now 
with all t he power demand, both on consumer side and on industrial 
side. 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, we are already issued RFQs from compressor division like 
Mayekawa, they are into -- Japanese companies, they are into 
===== PAGE 22 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 25 
 
compressors. Similarly, we have got inquiries from Mahindra for their 
generator sets and that will be completed within this year itself.  
 
Aditya Menon: So from the auto segment also, we are looking at other options to 
diversify and grow also. Like how real estate boom is happening in 
India, everywhere ele ctricity is required, almost all buildings, 
restaurants need a generator. So this growth is going to get bigger and 
bigger in the future. So we are looking at different companies, different 
applications where we can help and support. 
 
Arun Aradhye: And apart from that, we are already supplying to PICL  that you said -- 
Mr. Aditya told you regarding air conditioning. That is a huge business 
we are receiving and it is increasing , every month that is increasing. 
Apart from that, so many compressors and generator sets, we are 
receiving the inquiries like we are already into Cummins, then into 
Mahindra, then other, Mayekawa is also there so far as compressors are 
concerned. And those inquiries are being floated to us and we will take 
care of. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. And this 10% revenue in this, 11%, 12% roughly in this. 
 
Arun Aradhye: What happens when this revenue also goes up, at the same time, 
domestic and export is also increasing. So that it remains.  
 
Aditya Menon: The pie chart stays same.  If you see the pie chart for last 10 years is 
similar, but now we have reached INR300 crores, but the others also 
remain same, similar percentage. 
 
Arun Aradhye: When you see the pie chart, our aftermarket is almost stagnant, 8% over 
last 4, 5 years. But the business has gone up from INR10 crores to now 
INR16 crores over last 4 years.  
 
Aditya Menon: And we are targeting even more.  
 
Arun Aradhye: Pie will remain same. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: The overall pie is going up. So that's why. So the question that I follow 
up is that this, let's say 8% or 9% for this year, this is completely in Bi-
Metals business or it's also split across? 
 
Arun Aradhye: No, no, that is so far as Bi-Metals is concerned.  
 
Aditya Menon: In aluminium division, we don't have any aftermarket. 
 
===== PAGE 23 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Divyansh Gupta: No, no, I meant for this others business. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Other business that is so far as Bi-Metal is going. 
 
Divyansh Gupta: Got it. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Sir, we'll take questions from the chat. Sukanya Tripathi has 
a few questions. First of all, what's our current order book and what size 
of orders are we looking to close over the next three to six months? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, our current order position is more than INR32 crores. Out of 
that, we'll be serving almost more than between INR30 crores to INR31 
crores on a consolidated basis. Going forward, what we feel that we'll 
be targeting almost INR190 crores for first six months. 
 
Moderator: Okay. Her next question is what would be the industr y mix in this 
product mix? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Sorry?  
 
Aditya Menon: Industry mix? 
 
Moderator: What will be the industry mix? How much would be auto, how much 
aerospace, how much railways? 
 
Aditya Menon: All the three divisions have different applications. Lik e Bi-Metal, like 
you mentioned before, tractor is 35%, 25% will be LCV. 
 
Moderator: She's specifically asking regarding the order book. So, how much will 
be auto, how much aerospace and how much railways? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Truly speaking, we are not bifurcating order book solution into auto and 
HCV/LCV.  
 
Aditya Menon: Once the sale happens, then only we consider it.  
 
Arun Aradhye: But overall, Mr. Aditya will tell how much will be the auto, what will 
be the home applications, what is the pipeline business, tractor business. 
He will let you know accordingly and it will remain more or less 
constant. Okay. 
 
Aditya Menon: Roughly, I'll give you an idea about our order book. Out of 100% of our 
order book, around 60% is export, 40% is domestic. So, you c an get a 
better understanding on that. 60% export, 40% domestic. Majority of it 
===== PAGE 24 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 25 
 
is from the auto industry. We are doing like tractor, we are doing HCV, 
LCV and a lot of transmission work. So, that is one. We are also doing 
around 10% of the new order book is from EV. Like you mentioned, we 
are giving parts to Tesla Motors, to Porsche e-mobility. 
 
Now, we entered Tata Motors for Tata electric vehicle parts. So we have 
entered this as a new client to Taco Prestolite two years ago. We were 
only doing two parts with them. Now, we do more than four parts with 
them. We've gotten more four RFQs with them. So, in the near future, 
even the EV presence of Menon Alkop will increase. So, this is like a 
basic. Once railway start  -- we're doing zero business till now for 
railway. So, we are finished our registration with railway.  Railway 
people visited our plant for audits. So in the near future, even railway 
business will start from like 5%, 10%. But we are looking for railway 
business in the future also to increase. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Overall, on a consolidated basis, auto will be 75% and 25% will be rest 
on a consolidated basis. 
 
Moderator: Okay, sir. Sh e further asks, you had earlier guided for INR 350 crore 
revenues in FY27. Are we maintaining the same or is there a materia l 
upside to this number? 
 
Arun Aradhye: What I feel that we should be exceeding that target. 
 
Aditya Menon: I just want to say now we are with Kaptify also for the last 3 -4 years. 
Two years ago, we had submitted. I don't know who all are following 
the company for a long time.  We had given a figure of INR 275 crore 
for this year that we have already achieved.  
 
Arun Aradhye: And which were subsequently revised to INR 290 crores.  
 
Aditya Menon: Our management, everything working together, we have exceeded the 
number by INR 25 crore. So, if number is INR 350 crore, I am pretty 
confident. Mr. Aradh ye was saying we will surpass that number. B y 
how much that we have to see next year? But we will be surpassing that 
number also.  
 
Arun Aradhye: Precisely, what we have estimated is more than INR 360 crores. 
 
Moderator: Okay, sir. And her last question is, I understand that we will maintain 
EBITDA margins about 20% now. However, we did 25% in Q4. So, 
suffice to say that depending on the export mix in that quarter, our 
===== PAGE 25 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 24 of 25 
 
profitability number may move in a range of 22%, 25%. Is that correct, 
sir? 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah, that is correct. Depending on what kind of high volume products 
come. 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, sometimes what happens that raw material goes up and we can 
pass on that burden in the next quarter. In the meantime, we have to 
sustain that burden. And maybe temporarily it can come down and 
subsequently it can go up again. But overall, we can tell that we will be 
able to sustain EBITDA margins to the extent of 20% to 22% overall 
for the entire year on a safer side or on a conservative side. 
 
Aditya Menon: If the environment, the external factors are in our favour, it should be 
higher. 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, electricity is going up. Labour cost is going up. New labour 
code has been implemented. All these costs need to be considered while 
calculating the EBITDA margin so that on a conservative basis we can 
say that -- we can certain between 20% to 22%. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Manas Jain. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Manas Jain: Hello. Just I mean, coming to the same question of EBITDA margin, I 
just wanted to understand this quarter is purely there is no one -off. It's 
just pure operating leverage coming out just for academic purpose. 
 
Arun Aradhye: So that is, you see, our production capacity is something during the 
previous quarters , you will see the utilization. Utilization was about 
60% to 70% or maybe about 75%.  Now we are up to the production 
targets and capacity utilization to the extent of 85% in Bi-Metal. In 
aluminium, we incur capacity utilization gone up from 45% to 60%. 
Similarly, in brakes also, we increase the capacity by almost 1 lakh of 
pieces per month and that capacity utilization also has gone up.  What 
happens, when the production capacity utilization goes up, the 
productivity increase. The expenses related variable expenses to some 
extent increase, but the fixed cost remain the same. So the total cost of 
production goes down and because of that, we get sustained margins or 
overall margins are increased.  
 
So overall, when the production volumes are high, sales volume is high, 
then we can have better margins as compared to the corresponding 
period of last year or previous month. 
===== PAGE 26 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q4 & FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
May 19, 2026 2:00 PM IST 
 
Page 25 of 25 
 
 
Manas Jain: Got it. So it's operating leverage basically. 
 
Aditya Menon: It's operating leverage, but all different parameters. 
 
Arun Aradhye: I explained as to how we achieve that. 
 
Manas Jain: Okay, perfect. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you. Sir, since that was the last question, would you like to give 
any closing comments? 
 
Arun Aradhye: So in conclusion, Menon Bearing is entering the new financial year with 
strong momentum, a healthy order book and a solid financial 
foundation. We remain committed to delivering sustainable value to our 
stakeholders, shareholders. And I thank you for both the promoters to 
be present in the meeting and guiding you people as well as imparting 
the information they have got. 
 
There is good progress [ph](58:16) here so far as the performance of the 
company is there. And overall, I'm sure with support of all of you, by 
the grace of God, whatever we have decided to grow at the rate of 25% 
and our optimistic target, if something doesn't go wrong, we should be 
able to reach INR500 crores. And with this, I thank you once again for 
participating in the meeting and then asking us some leading questions 
so that we can think upon that . Wherever improvements are required, 
we will definitely improve.  And in the next meeting,  whatever the 
questions you have left, those will be answered in the next meeting. 
Thank you very much. Have a good day. 
 
Aditya Menon: Thank you. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you to the management team and thank you to all the participants 
for joining on this call.  This brings us to the end of this conference call. 
Thank you. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you. Bye-bye. 