
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
04-08-2025 
 
To,      To,  
The Manager - DCS      The Manager - Listing Department  
BSE Limited     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers,      Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex                      
Dalal Street,      Bandra (East),                                                    
Mumbai – 400 001    Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Code: 523828    Symbol: MENONBE 
 
Subject : Disclosure of Information pursu ant to Regulation 30 o f the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Outcome of Sche dule of 
Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting – Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
Pursuant to the relevant provisions of Regulation 30 (6) read with  Part A of Schedule III of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, we would like to 
inform you that the officials of the Company had an earnings conference call relating to the 
Unaudited Standalo ne & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the  quarter 
ended 3 0th June, 2025 for the Investors/Analyst s (Participants) which was held as per the 
details below. 
 
Date & Time Type of Interaction 
30th July, 2025 at 2.00 p.m. IST Earnings Conference Call 
 
The Transcript of the earnings conference call is enclosed herewi th and has been uploaded 
on the website of the Company i.e. www.menonbearings.in . 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Menon Bearings Limited 
 
 
 
___________________ 
Siddheshwar Kadane 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No : A72775 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
 
MENON BEARINGS LIMITED 
 
Q1 FY26 
 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
July 30, 2025 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Arun Aradhye - Whole Time Director & CFO 
Mr. Aditya Menon – Part of the Promoter Group 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 
Disclaimer: - This transcript is edited for factual errors 

===== PAGE 3 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q1 FY '26 Post Earnings 
Conference Call of Menon Bearings Limited. Today on the call from the 
management, we have with us Mr. Arun Aradhye, Whole -Time Director 
and CFO; Mr. Aditya Menon, part of the Promoter Group. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may contain 
forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and uncertainties. 
Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request  the management to quickly brief us about the 
business and performance highlights for the quarter ended, the growth 
plan and vision for the coming year, post which we will open the floor for 
Q&A. Over to you. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Menon Bearings Limited, I 
warmly welcome all participants to our quarter first FY '25 -'26 earnings 
conference call. Thank you for taking the time to join us and for your 
continued trust and support. Also joining the call from management is Mr. 
Aditya Menon. 
 
Let me begin by sharing the key financial highlights for the quarter ended 
30th June, 2025. Total revenues stood at 67.90 crores marking at 17% 
year-on-year growth. EBITDA came in at ₹13.60 crores, reflecting a 
margin of 20%, that is up by 22.19%. Profit before tax was ₹11.06 crores, 
up from ₹8.23 crores in quarter one for FY '24 -'25, that is up by 34.42%. 
Profit after tax stood at ₹8.43 crores compared to ₹6.16 crores in the same 
quarter last year, that is up by 36.91%. 
 
Operationally, the first quarter witness a strong recovery in demand from 
both the automotive and industrial sectors. Our core segmen ts engine 
bearing, bushing s and thrust washers continue to perform well in both 
domestic and international markets. 
 
Now I will let you know the key updates, which include OEM and Tier 1 
customer demand remains strong. We effectively manage commodity cost 
volatility through improved inventory planning and operational efficiency. 
Capacity utilisation for the quarter averaged around 78%. We successfully 
commissioned the CapEx in our wholly -owned subsidiary, Menon Alkop 
Limited. Our wholly -owned subsidiary, Me non Alkop Limited, which 
operates in the aluminium die casting segment continues to s how strong 
growth potential. The subsidiary posted quarter one revenue of ₹20.26 
===== PAGE 4 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
crores, driven by increasing demand from the automotive sector. We are 
optimistic about scaling this business in the coming quarters. 
 
Looking ahead, we expect robust demand, particularly from the export 
markets. We are actively pursuing customer di versification with 
automation and cost optimi sation being our key focus areas for the rest of 
FY '26. 
 
In summary, it has been a stable and encouraging start to the year. Our 
performance reflect the resilience of our business model, the strength of 
our cus tomer relationships and our ongoing drive for operational 
excellence. We remain committed to long -term value creation and are 
confident about sustaining this momentum in the upcoming quarters. 
 
With that, we now open the floor for questions, and we'll be h appy to 
answer. Thank you. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: We'll now open the floor for question -and-answers. Anybody who wishes 
to ask a question, please use the option of raise hand. We'll take the first 
question from Bhargav Buddhadev. Please go ahead. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Yeah. Good afternoon. And congratulations for the strong set of numbers. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you, Bhargav. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: My first question is that if we go through your presentation, you 
mentioned that in the Alkop business, you are looking at reaching about 
₹120-odd crores of revenue. Is it possible to highlight what is the visibility 
for this growth? That's my first question. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Basically, what we have shown in the presentation is ₹120 crores for the 
next year '27 and how it will come Mr. Aditya will let you know about 
that. 
 
Aditya Menon: Good afternoon. Aditya Menon here. So for the last two years, because we 
are seeing a demand for aluminium castings because of China Plus One 
and because of the Ukraine -Russia war, Europe plus one. So the last two 
years, we've been working very hard developing new parts for our 
customers. Especially for export, we've done a lot of new development 
parts. So we developed around maybe 63 parts in the last two years where 
we hav e -- what do you say, we have submitted the samples and we're 
===== PAGE 5 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
getting the orders now.  So that gr owth we're going to see in the coming 
two years. So by end of 2026, we should be reaching ₹120 crores. 
 
Arun Aradhye: We will be reaching about ₹85 crores to ₹90 crores and next year, we'll be 
reaching ₹120 crores. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah. So in the next two years, we should -- because the order starts with 
a small quantity because we have to -- either we are doing a new engine or 
we are replacing existing customer. So when we are replacing existing 
customer, they start small with us to make sure the transition period is 
right. So they don't even disturb the current supply chain. So that's the 
process happening. So we have already started getting new orders, which 
are orders in the new quarter. So the next -- the foreseeable future looks 
promising. So that's the main growth driving factor for Alkop. 
 
Arun Aradhye: And considering the sample that we already developed and which have 
been approved by the customers and acc ording to their schedule, they are 
receiving the orders. And within this year and next year we'll be 
completing all the orders of which the samples have been already 
approved. And considering that we are very much sure that we should be 
able to reach ₹120 crores. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Secondly, in the brakes division you have guided for reaching ₹100 odd 
crores. So my question is that is it subject to the railway approval that we 
are seeking or it is irrespective of the railways approval? 
 
Arun Aradhye: That is subject to railway approval that is in process, along with that we'll 
be getting orders from one of the prominent customers, which is catering 
to OEMs and that is pending just because of testing equipment that is 
dynamometer, which costs around ₹3 crores, which is under process and 
we'll getting that dynamometer by the end of September, after which 
railway people will again come, will inspect and will approve as a supplier 
for railways. 
 
Similarly, other OEM customers, he will also approve as soon as we send 
them the samples tested on dynamometer and this business is expected to 
come out of that asset. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: And lastly in the bi-metal business, we mentioned that the U.S. part of the 
exports can see a ramp up. So if you can sort of highlight key drivers for 
this it would be very useful? And that would be my last question. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Okay. That business is coming, and they already approved all the samples. 
And production will start from the next month. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Great. Thank you very much for your details. And all the very best. 
 
Arun Aradhye: The orders that we are getting from that customer is around ₹30 crores per 
year. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: We'll take the next question from Arnav Sakhuja. Please go ahead. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So I just wanted to ask basically in the 
previous con call, yo u had mentioned that within the Alkop segment, the 
average price is around ₹200 across the segment and whereas Menon's 
average is around ₹750 due to various value additions. So I just wanted to 
get a bit more of an understanding on this. Is this reali sation sustainable? 
Or are there any risks to the realisation falling in the future? 
 
Arun Aradhye: We have been sustaining these kind of realisations per kg for last so many 
years. And just because the items which we are selecting and accepting for 
production are very, very critical with nobody easily can produce in their 
machine shops or their production facilities. That is the only reason why 
our realisation rate is higher as compared to others. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: Right. And on the flip side, is there a potentia l for the reali sation to 
improve even further from ₹750 or will it stay at around this level? 
 
Arun Aradhye: That will stay around ₹700 to ₹800 between ₹700 to ₹800. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: Right. Just moving on to my next question. So we had also mentioned in 
the previous con call that we were not able to pass on some of the raw 
material burden to customers, which had impacted the EBITDA. So in this 
quarter, were we able to pass on some of this burden? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, some of the customers we are already passed on that burden of 
raw material increase, that you can see in the results also. You can see the 
improvement in the EBITDA as well and some of the customers that will 
be passed on after September because of the pre-decided formula that the 
prices for t he April to September will be reviewed by the customers and 
accordingly they will give the increase. 
 
Aditya Menon: So there is different delta -- there's a delta in the whole year. So six 
months we enjoy , six months the customer enjoys. So with different 
customers is different times. So it's a cycle that goes on a year or two 
years. It's a cycle that keeps going. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: It's continuous. 
 
Aditya Menon: So sometimes we get it, but it average out period of two years, one year, it 
averages out. So some times you see a drop in EBITDA, sometimes you 
see increase. That averages out over out a span of one or two years. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: Right. Thanks for that answer. I just ask one last question, if that's fine. So 
is there any update to our guidance for FY '2 6 of ₹300 crores of revenue 
and 22% EBITDA margin? Or are we sticking with this guidance? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, what we feel that we should be able to reach almost ₹300 crores 
this year what considering the order book position. And maybe for the 
next year we'll be reaching almost ₹350 crores this is what is considering 
the development that have taken place and better potential or very good 
potential in Alkop we can see and we are sure that after the business of 
railways and other OE customers in progress also we should be easily 
reaching that particular figure what we forecast now. We are very much 
optimistic about that. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: Okay. Thank you for answering. 
 
Arun Aradhye: And what I feel that year -on-year we should be able to grow at a rate 
between 18% to 20%. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: All right. Thank you for answering my questions. Congratulations and best 
of luck. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Arnav. We'll take the next question from Kunal Tokas. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. First question about the brake segment, you say your target was 
₹100 crore and you have been handicapped by the unavailability of the 
dynamometer. So how soon will this target be met after you receive that 
equipment? 
 
Arun Aradhye: By the end of this year, we should be able to figure up almost ₹3 crores to 
₹4 crores per month. 
 
Kunal Tokas: ₹3 crores to ₹4 crores by the end of the year? 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes. 
 
Kunal Tokas: And of your ₹350 crores target for FY '27, how much do you expe ct the 
brake segment to be? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Brake segment what we are forecasting is almost ₹100 crore. 
 
Kunal Tokas: ₹100 crore. So the ramp up will be quite fast after you  receive this 
abruptly. ₹100 crores, right? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Yeah. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. And of your -- the current order book position that you have 
mentioned in the PPT of ₹90 crore, how does that break up between bi -
metal and Alkop? 
 
Arun Aradhye: It is 60-30. 
 
Kunal Tokas: 60-30? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Correct. Bi-metal 60 and 30 Alkop. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. And of your ₹120 crore target for Alkop, how much -- what 
breakup do you expect between domestic and export? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Export will be almost at 35% to 40%. 
 
Kunal Tokas: All right. And just last question on Menon Ventures. Are there any 
concrete updates on what kind of businesses you are looking at? 
 
Arun Aradhye: So we have received one proposal from one of our investors as well. He's 
helping us to get recharge. 
 
Aditya Menon: EV recharge. 
 
Arun Aradhye: EV recharge. We are working on that.  We are not concluded on that as 
yet, but we are studying the proposal and we'll see how best we can take it 
on, actually as a project. 
 
Aditya Menon: We're exploring few parts in the EV recharge as the whole charging 
system. So it's a still ongoing projec t. Our technical team is seeing the 
feasibility, but that's one project that's come up. It's not sure , we're going 
to go ahead or no. We're still in the visual processing the whole thing, but 
===== PAGE 9 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
that's kind of avenues we are looking at , because EV sector also  is 
growing and it's something because we are manufacturing experts. So we 
can do a few parts in that of the whole system. So we're doing -- our 
project team is still working on it. So  nothing concrete yet, but that's the 
direction we are heading in. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Whatever business you eventually decide to go into, have you decided on 
a sort of capital ceiling that you commit to the maximum amount of 
capital you commit to any such venture? 
 
Arun Aradhye: No, no, we are not consider any such thing as of now. 
 
Aditya Menon: So it depends from project-to-project, but it will be a calculated risk, right? 
So we don't keep like a set amount. We're going to do this. A certain 
project requires so much , so we have to do that. But depending on the 
project, the capital  and other things. So that all the -- what you say, risk 
mitigation. So we have to -- all that is going on currently. So it depends 
how big the project is, how many years. So there are many factors that are 
going into this. But this is one project we are c onsidering. It has passed 
what you say, first round of what you say. If you go for interview 
outposts, that's round one. So it's past round one. 
 
Arun Aradhye: But raising of the fund from whatever project that we feel okay should not 
be a problem. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. Thank you very much and have a good day. 
 
Aditya Menon: Thank you. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Kunal. We'll take the next question from M umuksh 
Mandlesha. Please go ahead. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Yeah, hi, Arun, Aditya. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Hi, Mumuksh. How are you? 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: All good. How are you? 
 
Arun Aradhye: I'm fine. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha:  Just, first one, this quarter Q1, how was the domestic and exports 
growth for the quarter? 
===== PAGE 10 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: Export growth was from, 28% , we are now reached to almost 30%, and 
export is increasing. And you will see it will grow from 30% to 35% by 
the end of this year. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it. And which orders would drive the growth -- this export? 
 
Arun Aradhye: So export that we alread y discussed that was published in the paper, and 
we have uploaded on the website as well that we have secured one order 
of ₹30 crores from one of the prominent customers from USA, and that 
production is going to be started from next month. We actually started the 
production, but the dispatch is when you start from the next month. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Right. And any improvement in Japanese export orders numbers? 
 
Arun Aradhye: No, no, Japanese , we are not working with Japanese so far. We are 
receiving very small orders from them because either they are diverted to 
somebody else, but what we learned from them that because of 
environmental problems, the  [indiscernible] [ 0:18:59] etc., have been 
banned there in Japan. And that's why that export has been halted. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it. And coming to braking system, now there's a regulation coming 
up for the EV system in the two wheelers. Just want to understand if the 
market shifts towards disc brake and EV system, how do you see our 
demand for the product? How it changes there? 
 
Arun Aradhye: We already developed brake pads and we are exporting them to the South 
African, African countries through distributor in Dubai. And we have 
started circulation in the Indian market as well. So that should not be a 
problem. We already started  supplying brake pads to Endurance 
Technologies in Aurangabad and they are catering to the demand from 
Bajaj. 
 
Aditya Menon: So just for example, if this comes, this technology affects the main 
motorcycles like Bajaj  or Suzuki. And they give us a drawing and we 
make it. So we have the capacity of making whatever design of products 
they want us to make. So th e design and the main changes affect s the two 
wheeler manufacturers. And also -- that's one point. The other point is 
there's such a huge aftermarket fo r two wheelers and like main brakes 
market is aftermarket , because it's a consumer product. So there are  n 
numbers of two wheelers, trucks, LCVs in the market, which overnight 
won't adopt the new technology. So there's a huge number of people for 
the next five, 10 years will still use the current braking system also. So 
that doesn't look like a big threat as such. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it. And would be mainly CV sites, right? The drum brakes -- drum 
pads. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah, that HCV, LCV drum brake pads. But we are doing disc brakes 
also, which go to the European lorries. Like Mr. Aradhye said, we are 
already, what do you say, merchant exporting to Dubai, which use like 
Volvo, Scania, so European rollies, what they require, we are already for 
the aftermarket, we are giving it to Asian and Middle Eastern countries. So 
we are even exploring options in Europe , but there are a lot of sa fety trials 
which have to be approved by European bodies. So that is very cost 
effective and time consuming. So in the future, we are trying to explore 
that as well. But currently, we want to do brake pads , disc brakes for 
Indian lorries and HCV, LCV systems. 
 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: Got it. And great results. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Mumuksh. We'll take the next question from Piyush Patel . 
Please go ahead. 
 
Piyush Patel: Hello. Thank you for the op portunity. W hat is the segment -wise margin 
and segment-wise revenue potential for the company? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, if you are talking about EBITDA margins, for bi-metal, it is more 
than 21%. For aluminium, that is, Alkop, it is 23% plus. And for br akes, it 
is 12% plus. 
 
Piyush Patel: Okay. And what is the revenue potential from the EV and railway 
segments? 
 
Arun Aradhye: EV and Railway segment, that is almost ₹3 crores to ₹4 crores per month. 
 
Piyush Patel: Okay. And about railway? 
 
Arun Aradhye: That is put together. OEM and railways. 
 
Piyush Patel: Okay. And is the company planning to enter any new segments? 
 
Arun Aradhye: No, that is we have already entered into two wheelers. HCV, LCV is 
already there. 
 
Aditya Menon: For aluminium, we have done EV and  we are doing some parts for TACO 
for the new curve. So we 're doing some aluminium castings for them. So 
we are doing some aluminium casting for each transmission that goes in 
===== PAGE 12 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
Porsche. We are doing some aluminium castings for Concentric that goes 
to Tesla. So we have entered the EV segment also because that keeps us 
ahead of technology. The wall thickness, the castings are more like 
someone asked why value addition? 
 
So when you do more critical parts, you also know what is happening in 
the industry. So you  keep up with the industrial norms, the latest 
technology. At the same time, when you keep up with the latest 
technology and doing more critical parts, no competitor can easily replace 
you. That's why we always aim at a higher reali sation rate. That's one of 
the things when someone asked us why realisation was important to us. So 
this was the reason for realisation also. 
 
Piyush Patel: Okay. When do you see the brake line -in and brake shoe segment picking 
up since growth is looking flat for last few quarters? 
 
Arun Aradhye: As we already told you know that as soon as we receive a dynamometer, 
that is a testing equipment, we will be receiving by the end of September. 
After that, railway people and OEM people will come and inspect and will 
give a certification and we'll start the business with them. First, we will get 
an approval of the samples from railways as well as that OEM customer 
and that business will start at the end of this year. And that is around ₹3 
crores to ₹4 crores that we feel that we should get. 
 
Aditya Menon: And currently for braking system, we are doing aftermarket and merchant 
export. So we have gone through many OEMs which we supply our parent 
company Menon Bearings we supply bushes, washers. So we have very 
good relationship with them. So  our samples are submitted. But for even 
OEM and for railway, for railway also we have done the registration 
process. We have initial audits been done. 
 
But for both of these companies, because braking system is such a safety 
product, they need an i n-house dynamometer. So this dynamometer cost, 
like Mr. Aradhye said, ₹3 crores. So as Brakes is a new company, it's been 
two years now. So independently on his own feet, we ordered the 
dynamometer. So till then, it's a new product for us. So the last 1.5 , 2 
years, we are confident with our product. Because it's working in 
aftermarket, we have a good brand name with it. Merchant export orders 
are coming again and again where we are competing with the world. 
 
Competing with Chinese players, other players from other  countries. So at 
this stage, we also have confidence in our product. So as soon as the 
dynamometer comes, more avenues for revenue should open up. So in the 
next six months, we will have a different picture in the braking system. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
Piyush Patel: Okay. And how do you see the Alkop and Bi -metal segment scaling up 
from here? Since for the last two quarters, we have good revival in growth 
rates. And what is driving this revival? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, for this year, Bi -metal will grow at a rate of 16% to 17% a nd 
Aluminium division, Alkop at a rate of 25%. 
 
Aditya Menon: The main growth is new development. Because like I told you, global 
leaders are shifting from China Plus One to India policy plus Europe is 
shifting to India. So which company has good qu ality, good brand name, 
who are doing more critical parts. We have been getting lot of RFQs, lot 
of inquiries. So this is driving growth. And for Alkop, we have developed 
around 53 parts in the last year. We have submitted them. 
 
So now as the part is submitted, it's in testing at the customer end. In the 
new engines, it's getting replaced. So as soon as the trial is successful, the 
start-up business starts. So the growth is on that. So in the next two years, 
like Mr. Aradhye said, we will reach the numbers  which we are positive, 
which we are very confident about. 
 
So this is all guaranteed growth because we have submitted the samples. 
So as soon as they pass the trials and their production starts, all our 
customer production starts, we shall start seeing better gr owth than this 
year. 
 
Piyush Patel: Okay. Thank you. All the best for the future quarters. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Piyush.  We'll take the next question from Harsh eel Shah. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Harsheel Shah: Thank you for the opp ortunity. Is the company planning any joint 
ventures, acquisitions or vertical backward or forward integration? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Not really as of now. We have received one proposal from a Chinese 
company. But due to diplomatic relations that we have or we ar e having 
with the Chinese counterpart. So what the Board felt that we should not go 
ahead with that proposal. So as of now, there is no plan. 
 
Aditya Menon: And we always keep our ears open. There are many proposals that come. 
So we always have an open mind regarding forward backward integration, 
some other product which we can go for. But nothing concrete as such. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Like Mr. Aradhye said, there is an offer from a Chinese company. But 
because of the whole geopolitical situation, the board decided that's not a  
wise decision to go ahead. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Apart from that, we already told you that so far as electric vehicle 
charging is concerned, we are exploring that proposal. 
 
Harsheel Shah: Okay. Got it. So what are the capacity and capacity utilisation rates of new 
and existing plants? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Capacity utilisation as such, we are having ₹5 crores of parts, components 
per year in bi-metal division. And capacity utilisation is 78%. Similarly, in 
Alkop aluminium division, we are having a capacity of me lting 1 ,440 
tonnes, whereas the utili sation is almost 60%. So br akes, that is 110,000 
parts or brake lagging per year and the utilisation is 40%. 
 
Harsheel Shah: Got it. And when will be the new Alkop plant expansion be completed? 
 
Aditya Menon: It's actually alr eady completed. We already started shifting the machine. 
The new plant is getting commissioned. So now I think by the next month, 
we'll have the whole plant ready. Already have the plant because it's 
shifting. Machine shifting is happening from one plant to another. But you 
can say the electric commissioning over the OC is being got. So it's 
already operational. We're already using the new plant. 
 
Arun Aradhye: So you are all requested to visit that plant next month. 
 
Harsheel Shah: Sure. And post completio n, where does it take the capacity of Alkop 
division? And what sectors are we targeting with this expansion? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, we're already having a melting capacity of 1,440 tonnes, which is 
more than enough. But at the same time, when there  are or ders from 
various customers and RFP that we're receiving and considering the order 
that those will be productionised over a period of two years. We only have 
to add certain machines, CNC, VNCs, et c. That is the only issue. And we 
are going to add those machines as and when those are required. 
 
Aditya Menon: And like if you are asking which customers, what is this, currently, we 
have around 50 customers, OEMs. So we are preferred supp lier for them. 
For the past so many years, we are in Tier 1. Our cus tomers rate us, it's 
like an exam. Quality on time, there's PPM, there are so many different 
metrics to judge on us. So we are Tier A supplier. 
 
===== PAGE 15 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
So these customers, only because of our performance, we get new orders 
from them. And we've developed around 55 new di fferent parts in 
automotive, engine, oil, oil pipe, gas line, all these different sectors, EV 
now. So these are the different sectors which we are already present in, but 
we're doing more variety of parts in the sectors in alumin ium. So that's 
where we are driving our growth from. 
 
Harsheel Shah: Okay. Thank you and all the best for coming quarters. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Harsheel. We'll take the next question from Himanshu 
Upadhyay. Please go ahead. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Hi, Himanshu. How are you? 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay:  I'm fine.  So one question was in the brakes business where the 
aftermarket is quite large , okay. And we have been or we started with 
aftermarkets business. And domest ic, if we still see for the quarter, it is 
less than ₹1 crore, okay. And initial thought was that aftermarket can be a 
sizable business over a period of time. So why is that business still or has 
not catch up that what we initially expected? Okay. And what  are we  
doing to get the growth? What we were estimating in the aftermarkets 
when we initially entered this business? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You See, to initially entered into the market and create our brand image. 
So far as brake lining is concerned, we entered into aft ermarket where 
there is a steep competition from Rane, Sundaram, et c. There is steep 
competition so far as rates are concerned and the settled market of all 
these people having very good reputation also. 
 
We should admit that. Considering that , we are focu sing more and more 
on railways and OEM and export, merchant export, what we feel. And 
gradually we are increasing our presence into the af termarket as well. And 
we are here to cover all the territories of India. Some of the territories ha s 
remained to be s till untapped. We are tapping them and eventually , we 
will be reaching the target that we are having in our mind. 
 
Aditya Menon: And aftermarket, we are focusing, we are working on our aftermarket 
team, a marketing team. And like Mr. Aradhye said, we actually have a lot 
of orders also from aftermarket. But what is happening as it is only 
aftermarket focus, money recovery and all is an operat ional issue. So we 
===== PAGE 16 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
are strengthening our team, working on a more robust business model. So 
that also should come in track in coming time. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay:  And one more thing, all aftermarket players who are distributing our 
bearings business, okay, are we present across all those players for Brake 
Lining and Brake segment? 
 
Arun Aradhye: No, no, those are totally diffe rent. Those are not the same. And that's why 
we are having an entirely separate , we are creating separate team for 
aftermarket of brake lining. And that market is also different. 
 
Aditya Menon: See, engine parts are different. Like, it's a different ballga me. And brake 
parts are different ballga me. Like when you go to an aftermarket place, 
like you go to a dealer distributor, they do different parts. Not everyone 
does, one distributor doesn't do all the parts. 
 
Arun Aradhye: But the only advantage is that people know Menon. 
 
Aditya Menon: We have a strong brand name in this field. So that is boosting this ₹1 crore 
growth. So without any extra marketing cost as such. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Currently, how many distributors would be there? And any target  over 
next two years, this many distributors we want to have on the aftermarkets 
and brake lining? 
 
Arun Aradhye: As of now, we are having 35 distributors. And our projection for the next 
year is almost 150. 
 
Aditya Menon: But like this year numbers, every month we have a target of getting quality 
distributors. There are some distributors who join and then they go after 
two, three months. So our focus is to have at least two or three 
distributors, like, confirm quality guys who do good work. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Again, there are problems such as recovery of our outstanding as well. 
That is in the aftermarket, it is delayed to some extent, about 90 days also. 
So we are locking such kind of customers, distributors. And that's why 
temporarily there is a setback for t his one or two months. That will be 
again restored within a period of one month from now. And that will again 
pick up. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay:  And the exports seems to be doing much better in the aftermarket 
business means for Brakes segment because the share has increased for the 
exports in the segment itself. Are these things settled down in terms of the 
payment terms and the distribution? 
===== PAGE 17 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: As far as export is concerned, there is no issue at all. 
 
Aditya Menon: All export payment is on an advanc e basis. It's not an issue as such. After 
60 days, we have locked. So there are many orders , many distributors who 
still have orders. But as a management decision, we have taken a, what do 
you say, informed decision to keep this a policy. Otherwi se, it's a  bad 
practice of the company. If one thing starts getting bad, there are many, it's 
a vicious cycle. So as just to show growth, it's not what we want. We want 
sustained quality growth over a period of time. 
 
So that's why as a company, we have taken such some policies. It might be 
harsh in the start, but we want like a sustainable growth. We don't want  
just namesake growth. If you understand like what we're trying to do. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Yeah, I appreciate that. And that is the reason for which we appre ciate 
the company and have been for a pretty long period of time. One final 
question. The Eaton, are we starting? Have we started supplying to E aton 
or it is still some time away? 
 
Aditya Menon: No, we have done the initial orders. Now, there's a P -PAP bat ch called 
sample batch. So 300 sets we have gone. So it starts like that. So we have 
already started the process. So around 300 parts we are sending this 
month. So that will go in trials and then the next order comes out. So 
Eaton also is going ahead. Yes. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: And any CapEx plan for this year and next year or what we have done, 
we are thinking? 
 
Aditya Menon: No major CapEx as such. 
 
Arun Aradhye: But only additional capacity that we have to create. Just like I told you that 
some of the machines will have to be added. And that will be to the extent 
of almost ₹8 crores to ₹10 crores considering both aluminium and bi -
metal. So that is not a major CapEx. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yes, next two years. So we are already placing orders on machines. Like 
someone asked, are you going to do more value addition? So if we invest 
in an Xray machine, the value addition increases. So we are exploring all 
these options, how we can do more value addition also. And around, like 
Mr. Aradhye said, around ₹8 crores of CapEx in the next two years. But 
that's not like a major CapEx like what w e did in the last two years, where 
we got the land, we have a new building, all the permissions, everything. 
 
===== PAGE 18 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Thank you. I appreciate your replies. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Himanshu. We'll take the next question f rom Kunal Tokas . 
Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Just two clarificatory questions. First is, will you not be needing any 
additional CapEx on the brakes division to reach the ₹100 crores target by 
next year? 
 
Arun Aradhye: For brakes, we will have to add certain machines, definitely. We will have 
to add about, that will be CapEx of around ₹7 crores to ₹8 crores, that will 
be additional requirement. And that we can have from the next year. 
 
Kunal Tokas: ₹7 crores to ₹8 crores. And what amount have you already invested in this 
business? 
 
Arun Aradhye: It is already, it is ₹8.5 crores we already invested. 
 
Aditya Menon: Machinery and allequipment. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Did you say ₹18.5 crores or? 
 
Arun Aradhye: ₹8.5 crores. 
 
Aditya Menon: ₹8.5 crores. 
 
Kunal Tokas: And another clarification for FY'27, your target top line is ₹350 crores, of 
which ₹120 crores from Alkop, ₹100 crores from Brakes. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Right. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Does that leave ₹130 crores for bi-metal? 
 
Arun Aradhye: It is ₹120 crores from Alkop, bi-metal will be almost ₹250 crores. 
 
Kunal Tokas: ₹120 crores from Alkop, ₹250 crores from bi -metal and ₹100 crores from 
brakes. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Right. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. And just a last question, will your foray into supplying to EVs be a 
gateway to do more business in the PV segment, ICE PV? 
===== PAGE 19 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: We could not get you. Please repeat. 
 
Kunal Tokas: A few years ago, you used to say that you would not enter the PV 
segment. You restrict  yourself to the CV segment. But you are now 
catering to EVs. 
 
Aditya Menon: EV as main, like the bi-metal segment is not going. 
 
Arun Aradhye: In bi -metal, we are not going with passenger vehicle. In aluminium 
division, Alkop, we are going with this passenger vehicle. 
 
Aditya Menon: Passenger vehicle. In aluminium, we are not only doing engine. We are 
doing oil and pipe, gas line, two wheelers, tractors, trucks. Wherever 
aluminium is used, we are getting the right product. It is critical. Goo d 
value addition is there. We are developing those parts. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Not in bi-metal. 
 
Aditya Menon: Bi-metal, we are not including EVs. So, aluminium, we have potential. So, 
like I told you, Tata Punch, we are doing some aluminium casing. So, if 
there is an opportunity there, we are doing it. Because if you are getting 
good rate, good price, good quantity, good volume. But our main bi-metal, 
our parent plant, we are not entering this segment. Now, because the 
business is diversified, we are even, what do you say, attracted to EV as 
such. 
 
Kunal Tokas: All right, all right. Got it. Thank you and have a good day. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah, thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Kunal. Anybody who wishes to ask the question please use the 
option of raise hand. Since there are no further questions, would you like 
to give any closing comments? 
 
Arun Aradhye: So, thank you  very much, everybody who have participated in this 
conference call. We cordially invite, in the next month, please inform us in 
advance, so that we can arrange a factory visit of new Alkop plant as well 
as our new Washer plant also. So, these are of inter national standard 
plants, you can see. And you will be enjoying the visit to our facilities. 
You are kindly requested to come and let Mr. Mohsin know when you will 
be coming and visiting our facilities. You are welcome. And thank you for 
your support as always. 
 
===== PAGE 20 =====
Menon Bearings Ltd. (MENONBE) 
Q1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
July 30, 2025 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Moderator: Thank you. And thank you to all the participants for joining on this call. 
This brings us to the end of this conference call. You may all log off now. 
Thank you. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you. 