
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
04-11-2025 
 
To,      To,  
The Manager - DCS      The Manager - Listing Department  
BSE Limited     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers,      Exchange Plaza, BandraKurla Complex                      
Dalal Street,      Bandra (East),                                                    
Mumbai – 400 001    Mumbai- 400051 
Scrip Code: 523828    Symbol: MENONBE 
 
Subject : Disclosure of Information pursu ant to Regulation 30 o f the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Outcome of Sche dule of 
Analyst / Institutional Investor Meeting – Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
Pursuant to the relevant provisions of Regulation 30 (6) read with  Part A of Schedule III of 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulation s 2015, we would like to 
inform you that the officials of the Company had an earnings conference call relating to the 
Unaudited Standalone & Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
half year ended 3 0th September, 2025 for the Investors/Analyst s (Participants) which was 
held as per the details below. 
 
Date & Time Type of Interaction 
29th October, 2025 at 3.00 p.m. IST Earnings Conference Call 
 
The Transcript of the earnings conference call is enclosed herewi th and has been uploaded 
on the website of the Company i.e. www.menonbearings.in . 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Menon Bearings Limited 
 
 
 
___________________ 
Siddheshwar Kadane 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No : A72775 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
 
 
 
Menon Bearings Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY26 
POST EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL 
 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Mr. Arun Aradhye - Whole Time Director and CFO 
Mr. Aditya Menon - Part of the Promoter Group 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Kaptify Consulting Investor 
Relations team, I welcome you all to the Q2 and H1FY26 Post-Earnings 
Conference Call of Menon Bearings Limited.  
 
Today on the call, from the management team we have with us, Mr. 
Arun Aradhye, Whole Time Director and CFO, and Mr. Aditya Menon, 
who is a part of the promoter group.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would lik e to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward -looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management to brief us about the business and 
performance highlights for the period ended September 2025, the 
growth plans and vision for the coming year, post which we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Okay. Thank you, Mr. Vinay. So good afternoon, everyone. And I wish 
you all the best for the next year that is Samvat year. I hope you must 
have enjoyed the Diwali vacation. And now I will start with my opening 
remarks. 
 
So it's my pleasure to welcome you all to the Menon Bearings investor 
concall for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 2025. 
So thank you for joining us today and for your continued interest in the 
company. We are pleased to report that Menon Bearings has delivered 
another quarter of consistent performance, backed by steady demand  
across domestic and export markets, along with strong operational 
discipline. 
 
During the quarter, revenues stood at INR63.85 crore, a growth of about 
7% year-on-year, while EBITDA was INR11.1 crore and PAT stood at 
INR6.8 crore, reflecting 18% growth in H1 FY26 over the same period 
last year. EBITDA margins for the half year stood at 18.8%, while PAT 
margins improved to 11.6%. Our Bi-Metal division continues to be the 
major contributor, supported by increasing demand for large diameter 
bearings and new pr oduct development. The Alkop division also 
showed healthy growth, driven by export orders, and the Brakes 
division maintained stability with aftermarket and OEM demand.  
 
We continue to invest in our capacity expansion plans. Bi-Metal 
capacity will rise from 486 to 530 lakh units. Alkop can anytime double 
===== PAGE 4 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
the capacity from 1,440 tonnes to 2,880  metric tonnes, and the Brake 
division will scale up from 18 to 24 lakh pieces over the next two years. 
These expansions are strategically alig ned to capture the growing 
domestic and international opportunities, with a total planned CapEx of 
about INR25 crores to INR30 crores.  
 
On the sustainability front, we have implemented a 570 KW solar power 
system and several energy-efficient measures that will reduce long-term 
costs and carbon footprint, reflecting our strong commitment to ESG 
practices. Apart from that, we will be installing roof -top solar panels 
with a capacity of 2.5 MW, and that is being completed within a period 
of a couple of months from now. So that will definitely benefit us so far 
as electricity consumption and expenses there are for concerned.  
 
Looking ahead, we remain optimistic about growth prospects. We have 
already entered into the EV component segment through Eaton parts 
supply to Porsche, and expect that EV business to contribute 8% to 10% 
of Alkop revenue by FY27. Exports currently account for around 30% 
of total revenue, or a little more than that, and that is being increased up 
to 35% by the end of this year, considering the export orders that we are 
already having in hand, and are projected to reach 40% by FY27, mostly 
between 35% to 40%, led by strong traction from the U.S. and emerging 
African markets.  
 
With virtually debt -free balance  sheet, strong order book and r obust 
customer relationships, Menon Bearing is well positioned for 
sustainable, profitable growth in the year ahead.  Apart from that, what 
I would like to tell you that, considering the business that we have 
already started with one of the prominent USA cu stomers, that is 
Allison, which we have already started from the last month, which is to 
the tune of more than INR2.5 crores a month in the Bi-Metal division. 
Apart from that, additional orders of around INR3 crores, which will be 
productionized by January  2026, coupled with increase in the 
production capacity and order book position of Alkop, the parts, in 
respect of John Deere and other customers, which are more than 51, 
which have been already tested, samples have been tested, and those 
will be all productionized by the fourth quarter of this year.  
 
So, considering that, we are absolutely sure that we should be reaching 
to almost, on a consolidated basis, to the tune of more than INR280 
crores to INR290 crores in between somewhere by the end of this year, 
with 18% to 20% increase in the next year, considering the business that 
we have already secured. 
 
===== PAGE 5 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
So, thank you and we once again thank you for joining. We now look 
forward to addressing your questions. Thank you once again. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We will start the question -and-answer sessions. 
[Operator Instructions]. We will take the first question from Bhargav 
Buddhadev. Please go ahead. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Yeah. Am I audible, sir?  
 
Arun Aradhye: Yeah, yeah, very much. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Yes, sir. My first question is that if you look at your export growth this 
quarter, it has been a fairly strong performance led by Alkop. So given 
the several headwinds which are there in the export market, especially 
given the fact that we are increasing our exposure to US, where there is 
a tariff. If you can give some thoughts that post the tariff scenario, how 
is the business evolving over there? Because both in Bi-Metal and 
Alkop, the incremental growth is likely to be contributed from US. So 
if you can share your thoughts as a starting question, sir. 
 
Arun Aradhye: You are right.  Maybe in the month of September, there was little 
confusion about the business with USA because of the tariff and 
sanctions imposed by USA. But now the confusion is over. Most of the 
customers we are having so far as USA is concerned for exports, our 
terms of supply are Ex Works  or FOB Mumbai.  Maybe whatever 
business that we have started of more than INR2.5 additional crores of 
business with Allison USA that is duty delivery paid in respect of which 
the tariff will have to be paid first by us, 50%, which will be reimbursed 
to the extent of almost 10% to 12%. That calculation is being going on 
considering their foreign trade zone for which they get exemption on 
certain raw material imports. So instead of 50%, we'll be having around 
-- we'll have to consider  about 10% to 12% of the total custom duty.  
But that business will continue without any issues. Similarly, in the 
position so far as Alkop is concerned, Mr. Aditya will tell more about 
that. 
 
Aditya Menon: Just to make it more easier with most of our custo mers, our terms of 
delivery is FOB Mumbai. So our responsibility is only till Mumbai. 
After that, the customers, their delivery partners do the delivery, they 
pay the duty. So we are not affected that much. But like Mr. Aradhye
 said, like Allison, few customers where we have to deliver to the 
facilities in the US, where we are  -- the tariff is, we have to pay the 
tariff, but these big companies are helping us. It means they are helping 
us with the tariff. So imagine if 50% if we are paying, they are passing 
===== PAGE 6 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
it on, right? They are also sharing the burden. So the full burden is not 
beared by us, just to make it in easier terms. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: So if we assume a scenario where maybe say in a couple of months time 
if the trade agreement with the US is reached and if the tariff is reduced 
to say less than 20 %, then is it fair to say that we will be on track to 
make about 20 % plus EBITDA margins on that less than 20 % tariff 
scenario at the consolidated level?  
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes, irrespective of whatever trade deal happens, we don't know about 
that. But I'm absolutely sure considering the order book position which 
we are having at present, we'll be reaching to more than 20% EBITDA 
margins this year. 
 
Aditya Menon: And if the tariff falls, it should help us even more, right? 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Secondly, sir, if you look at the second quarter, we have seen some 
decline in terms of EBITDA margins to less than 16 %. So, if you can 
share your thoughts, what led to this and despite this, you are confident 
of achieving 20% EBITDA margins for FY26, is that correct? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes, yes.  
 
Aditya Menon: I would like to begin with like last first quarter of this year was the best 
quarter in Menon Bearings ' history. So if you compare the second 
quarter with last year's qu arter, we still done better revenue -wise. 
EBITDA margin is a little low er because this year, this second quarter 
very uncertain. So I don't want to say again, but the raw material prices 
were again higher. So this time it didn't get passed on to us.  So that 
benefit in the third and fourth quarter you will see. So this main reason 
of EBITDA to fall was because of raw material prices, which we had to 
bear. So the next third and fourth quarter, you will see a better trend for 
Menon Bearings and Menon Alkop. 
 
Arun Aradhye: So in this quarter, we will be able to pass on that burden to them as per 
the pre-decided formula. That would be second. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: And lastly, sir, on the railway business, we were supposed to get 
approvals, sorry, on the brakes bus iness, we were supposed to get 
approvals from the railways and we were awaiting the dynamometer to 
get that approval. So if you can share some updates on that, because 
there we are targeting about INR100 crores of revenue . That's a big 
jump. So, if you can share your thoughts on that, that would be my final 
question. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah, we were actually, the second quarter was the planning, but there 
have been few technical delays. So maybe third quarter or fourth 
quarter, we'll get the dynamometer. Dynamo meter is very complex 
equipment. Not many manufacturers are there in India. So the current 
manufacturer had some technical issues. And so as management team, 
we all are working on it.  But as soon as it gets, we have done all the 
other railway registrations and all the other audits have been conducted, 
but we are just still waiting for the dynamometer to come in. So we're 
being as transparent as possible. So as soon as the dynamometer is there, 
we should -- the process will begin. 
 
But the next two quarters for even brakes, you will see a growth because 
we are expanding our product. We 've entered two wheelers also now. 
So because railway is getting delayed, we're looking at other avenues to 
enter. So for two wheeler Pulsar bikes, we're doing brake pads. So that's 
another product we have started in. But as soon as railway comes, you 
will see a growth in the brakes division also.  But currently, the 
management, we are working on it. We're supposed to get it in the 
second quarter and third quarter, end of second to third quarter, but there 
have been some technical issues. So technology changing, we're trying 
to get one side railway, one side OE for the dynamometer. So we're still 
figuring that out. So as soon as that happens, you'll see some -- we will 
as management update you on the same. 
 
Arun Aradhye: In the meantime, what we have done, we have started the business for 
Bajaj that is for Pulsar, as he has already --  
 
Aditya Menon: Pulsar bikes.  
 
Arun Aradhye: Pulsar bikes. And eventually, their requirement per month is around five 
to six lakh of pieces, which now we are supplying to the extent of one 
lakh and gradually, by the end of the year, we will be reaching about 
five lakhs per month for brake pads to the Pulsar. 
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: And just one last clarification. So if you look at revenue growth, there 
was some slowdown as compared to the first quarter. So is it that in the 
month of September, there was some slowdown in terms of revenue 
because of this uncertainty? 
 
Aditya Menon: Second quarter, actually, first quarter was the best quarter in Menon 
Bearings' history. Second quarter, little bit uncertainty, even in order 
book. Before, we had a little more positive forecast, but even all bigger 
companies, they also are in uncertainty, right? 
===== PAGE 8 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
 
So a lot of export tariffs and imagine for bearing is a small commodity, 
right, for average price, INR100. But for a big tractor, big, where our 
parts fit, their parts are even bigger.  So 50% tariff for that. So, these 
companies must have taken a more aggressive call. For Allison, we are 
paying tariff because we have a big long relation and we have to help 
them when they need us. And they're helping us with the -- they're also 
taking the burden. But for bearing is small part. Piston is for INR10,000, 
engine block is for even more. So bigger customer, other players, it's 
more tough for them to go ahead with the tariff. 
 
So a lot of uncertainty in the market, but this October is looking very 
good. Next quarter, you will see October. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Probably we'll be recording highest sales ever in the history of Menon 
Bearings during this month, October. 
 
Aditya Menon: One month, single month highest ever. So the last three months are a 
little slower than the first quarter. But… 
 
Arun Aradhye: Particularly in the month of September, apart from tariff confusion, 
people were waiting for the revision in GST also. That has also 
impacted the business of September.  
 
Bhargav Buddhadev: Okay. Great, sir. All the very best and thank you for taking my 
questions.  
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Bhargav. Sir we'll take the next question from chat. It's from 
Ankur Tripathi. He's asking Menon Bearings has set a sales target of 
INR300 crore for FY26 . With Q1 revenue at INR67 crore and Q2 
revenue around INR62 crore, is the company on track to achieve this 
target? 
 
Arun Aradhye: As I already told you that we'll be reaching between INR285 crores to 
INR290 crores during this year, '25-'26, considering the order  book 
position that we already have. 
 
Moderator: So his second question was about order book. What is the current order 
book, sir? 
 
===== PAGE 9 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
Arun Aradhye: Current order book position is for this year it is INR290 crores and for 
the next year it is INR350 crores. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Sagar Shah. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Sagar Shah: Thank you, sir. And thank you for the opportunity and good afternoon, 
sir. Congratulations for posting some decent set of numbers.  Now my 
first question was that you highlighted that one of the reason was this 
GST confusion actually. And that led to a weak September and that led 
to something like a lower revenue offtake in this quarter as compared 
to sequential. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Along with tariff confusion. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay, tariff confusion. But my question was related to domestic front. 
On the domestic front also we increased our capacity also actually.  In 
the Q1, we had the ready new capacity also. So was some sort of a delay 
from domestic customers regarding the order offtake, sir? Was that sort 
of from Bajaj or some other customer? Was that also a reason? 
 
Arun Aradhye: No, that is not the only reason. Because of GST, the schedules were to 
some extent decreased, which has been compensated by this month. 
 
Aditya Menon: How it is for us, they gave us a three months rough forecast, like you 
know, 8 ,000 pieces, 12 ,000 pieces, for example. So in September, 
because of tariff , GST, you know, we have a small part, they have to 
check their inventory with all the big parts like one tractor or one engine 
has maybe, I don't know, 8,000, many, like x number of parts. So they 
had a little bit of confusion, little bit, you know, it was a little 
pessimistic. The market was pessimistic.  Yeah. So, this quarter, they 
have shifted it to October. And like Mr. Aradhye said, October, we are 
having the best month. Next quarter, we will, of course, give out the 
results, but October will be the best month ever in Menon Bearings ' 
history. 
 
So maybe September, they delayed a bit in October. I don't know. I don't 
know what the company's logic is. But this time forecast, it was a little 
over the forecast this last one, one month and a half. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay. So is it safe to assume we'll be supplying to the Bajaj or regularly 
5 to 6 lakh pieces, we are in a position now with the new capacity  
onsite? 
 
===== PAGE 10 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Arun Aradhye: That will be so far as brakes, Menon Brakes is concerned.  
 
Sagar Shah: Yeah, okay. 
 
Arun Aradhye: We expect that by the end of this year, we'll be able to reach 5 to 6 lakh 
pieces per month in brakes, so far as Bajaj is concerned.  
 
Aditya Menon: And we just started the business two months ago. So even when we 
ramp up, we want to make sure because they  are replacing us with the 
existing customer of theirs, because of our quality and better pricing. 
So we also make sure that we are doing sustainable growth, right? Just 
because 6 lakh order, we are not doing 6 lakh. If there is an issue of 
quality, so they will also have doubts in us. So we're doing a sustainable 
growth where, we are a sure shot replacement for the years to come. 
 
Sagar Shah: Right, right, right. Makes sense, makes sense. So  what is the capacity 
utilization as on date for our all three segments? Can we please know?  
 
Arun Aradhye: That is around between 70 % to 75%. Maybe in Alkop we are having 
greater capacity so far as foundry melting is concerned. Only what we 
have to do that we have to increase the capacity so far as machines are 
concerned, matching the requirement of the customers.  
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah. Because Alkop, we are doing very critical parts.  So we're not 
investing in the machinery, like the machine shop yet, beca use every 
machine requires three axis, four axis, five axis. So depending on the 
productivity, what kind of part job is going to fit on the machine, we get 
the machines. But for the foundry where the melting and high pressure 
die casting is there, we have around 60% utilization.  So 40% is still 
spare capacity is still there. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay, okay. So in the Bi-Metals, the capacity is increased to 530,000. 
So is it safe to assume that 70% utilization, I think, won't be on the 
additional capacity that you had built, right? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, on an average from the last month, or particularly in this month 
onwards, additional quantity of 6 lakh has increased so far as production 
is concerned, per month. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay. So, basically, the capacity will be utilized from in H2, actually 
the new capacity of Bi-Metals. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Correct. Yes.  
 
===== PAGE 11 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay. Okay. Sure. My next question, sir, was regarding to this progress 
of the 63 parts that are gone for appr oval. So basically, are those -- are 
those customers still basically wary of the tariff situation or there is 
some -- or there is some kind of progress on the approvals also of the 
63 parts of Alkop? 
 
Aditya Menon: These Alkop parts are approved, but we ar e just like telling you like 
saying some parts are FOB Mumbai. So export tariffs are not affected. 
But where tariffs have been applied to us, we are having healthy 
discussions with the customers. Because customer knows even what we 
are facing through. If s omeone is adding 50% tariff, customer hardly 
gives us 18 %, 20% margin. So if someone is giving 50% tariff, so to 
what extent we are in negotiations, to what extent they are going to bear 
the tariff, like reimburse us with the tariff.  So all that is in place. But 
from quarter three, quarter four, you will see a rise in exports in Alkop 
too. Because what all parts we have been submitted in the last couple 
of last year, the year before, they are getting  -- startup businesses 
happening from quarter three, quarter four. So we are getting… 
 
Sagar Shah: So that are out of that -- so, 63 parts that you are telling, the supplies. 
 
Arun Aradhye: All the 63 parts are being productionized by the end of this quarter, third 
quarter. 
 
Aditya Menon: This year. Yeah, third, fourth quarter already means we are getting 
forecasts. So they also ramp it up. They also ramp it up. Imagine 5,000 
monthly. So from this month, we are getting 1 ,000, 1,200 orders. So, 
we are now, this last two quarters and next yea r, we will, what do you 
say, bear the fruits of the labor we have done for the last two years, 
developing these parts. 
 
Sagar Shah: Exactly, because last two years, you have been supply, basically 
supplying these products for approval, actually, that we ha ve been 
hearing on the concalls. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yes, but this quarter, quarter three, quarter four, you will start seeing 
the growth in the revenue and margin. 
 
Arun Aradhye: So basically, what has happened, all these parts are for exports. And 
where all these people, we have to send the samples to the USA at 
certain destinations. They are having many more destinations in the 
USA also. So after we submit the samples to them, their team comes 
here for PPAP. Once they approve, then it is sent back for viability and 
feasibility and testing again. And after that  -- it is a long process.  As I 
===== PAGE 12 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
already told you many times that it takes almost nine months to one year 
for testing of these samples. 
 
Sagar Shah: Absolutely. 
 
Arun Aradhye: And according to their projections and project, when they are going to 
start that particular project, they are releasing the schedules 
accordingly. 
 
Aditya Menon: And even like, for example, these new parts of our John Deere 
Honeywell, they are not only from Menon Alkop, they are getting from 
many buyers from India. Because of this tariff confusions, maybe other 
players have held back. We are ready to support, but other customers, I 
don't know how much other suppliers, how readiness of theirs is.  So if 
they don't have all the parts, they just don't take our part and keep. Till 
the engine is not assembled, they don't take one part. So, a little bit 
delay, confusion, it's just taking a little bit of time. But quarter three, 
quarter four, we are already seeing new product forecasts coming in. 
 
So we as management are planning the production. We are also keeping 
readiness. When their order comes in, so we should not be in a position 
that give us three months to supply. So we are also already starting the 
production and keeping it on our end. 
 
Sagar Shah: And this Allison contract of INR2.5 crores per month that has already 
started or…? 
 
Aditya Menon: I'll just give you a basic idea. When we start a new business, it's called 
3PL system. When you do any export, three months for at least in our, 
what customers we have, three months of stock, we have to keep in 
warehouse in their facility. Then now, because of transit used to be 35 
days before, it takes around two months now. So it's five months of like 
the business, billing is starting Jan, Feb. But last two months, we have 
already sent Allison the material. 
 
So when January, when they start, like when switch to Menon Bearings. 
So they have enough stock in their warehousing. So last month, we have 
dispatched, October, we are dispatching. So whenever December, Jan, 
whenever they decide to start the business, they will already have 
enough stock in the warehouse. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay. So at least we can see of the INR63 crores, none of  the Allison 
revenues are there. 
 
===== PAGE 13 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah. Revenue has not come, but we have already sent our, what do 
you say, production has gone, billing has not… 
 
Sagar Shah: Samples. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yes, samples. No, the first batch as such has already left from Menon 
Bearings. We manufactured and the first two batches, in fact, have 
dispatched. So it takes around 45 days, 50 days to reach US, they will 
check, have it in the warehouse. And once they start billing, then it will 
happen. Like once t hey start taking the batches, then the billing will 
start happening from Jan, Feb. So January, February, you see the 
revenue impact of the parts. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay. Okay. So regarding the margin guidance, actually, the margin 
guidance, the EBITDA margins that you clocked are around 15.6% for 
this quarter, which are at actually a record low, actually. So the cost 
impact that I'm largely seeing is not much of because of gross margins, 
but because more it's related to your higher OpEx costs, especially other 
operating expenses. And I believe these expenses are because of the 
new CapEx that you had done last year of INR30 crores. Is it safe to 
assume? Because I do not seeing much of the impact of gross margins. 
So is it safe to assume that operating  -- once you actually clock more 
revenues out of your existing new plant that  will be a driver of your 
incremental margins and not your gross margins? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see what has happened actually during the last quarter , one thing 
is that input material costs have gone up along with the consumables, 
which are considered in the other operating costs, right? And apart from 
that, salary, wages, et cetera, because of increase in the DA and because 
of increments and because of bonus and et cetera that have also gone up 
during the last quarter. Apart from that electricity rates have also gone 
up. So all those expenses we will have to pass on that burden along with 
the raw material to the customers in the next quarter that is from October 
onwards.  
 
So we'll be p reparing the charts as to what were the average rates of 
these items during the first quarter and how much they have increased 
in the second quarter and whatever increase is there on first quarter, that 
increase is being given by rise in the prices by the customer. And that 
benefit will accrue during this quarter, so that our EBITDA margins will 
go up drastically. 
 
Aditya Menon: But like you said, when the new plants are also at a more optimum 
operating levels, these margins will be better. Because CapEx, what do 
===== PAGE 14 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
you say, getting the building machinery is one thing. But at the same 
time, we have to get manpower.  Like today's world, that also is an 
investment. So we have to prepare already . You know, you don't get 
readymade people like, you know, you want tom orrow, tomorrow I 
can't go and hire one professional. So already we are starting hiring 
people looking at the future. So, that also must have -- that also is adding 
on, like, you know, it's a combination of both. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Now what we are saying is also correct to the extent of certain -- certain 
extent, there is increase in the OpEx because of increasing the CapEx 
to the tune of almost INR30 crores. So, the fruits of which will be 
enjoyed by us by the end of this fourth quarter. 
 
Aditya Menon: Electricity unit rate also has increased. Plus, when you do a new plant, 
the basic electricity charge increases when the building is not 100%. It's 
basic operation cost also that, like you've seen. 
 
Sagar Shah: Yes, that's what I was referring to that those kin d of cost when they're 
amortized actually over in the next six months and when the revenue 
goes up, definitely that cost will be absorbed and we will see higher 
margin. So can you guide us with the approximate EBITDA margin 
range for the entire year FY26, which you would be closing on, sir? 
 
Arun Aradhye: For the entire year, it will be between 19% to 20%. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay. Okay. Okay.  Fine, sir. Fine. Thank you so much and 
congratulations and best of luck for the next year.  
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you.  
 
Aditya Menon: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sagar. Sir we have a question on the chat from Ankur 
Tripathi regarding the margins. He is also asking for your margin 
expectations for FY27, if you can guide. 
 
Arun Aradhye: FY27 margins are between what we have forecasted is more than 20%. 
Though the forecast is about 22% for the year '27, what we feel is that 
on the conservative side, we should take it between 20% to 21% to be 
on the conservative side.  
 
Moderator: Okay, sir. Thank you, sir.  
 
Aditya Menon: My calculation is higher, but it's always better to be conservative. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from Kunal 
Tokas. Please go ahead.  
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay. First question is, sir, you s aid the raw material costs increased. 
So can you give us an amount? What was the increased rate? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, in the first quarter, if the rate of copper per kg was INR745 to 
INR775, which has gone up to INR875 during September. And now, in 
this October, again, it has gone up to INR940. Similarly, tin was almost 
INR2,250, which has now gone up to INR3,250. Steel rates are more or 
less constant, a little bit of increase of INR1 or INR2 per kg. 
 
Aditya Menon: Similarly, for aluminium, average price is around INR205-INR210.  
 
Arun Aradhye: INR190.  
 
Aditya Menon: You have INR190, some alloys.  So you can take around INR200, 
INR205, it's reached up to INR245. So it's a significant increase. So 
now we are making ch arts with our customers, you know, where this 
last quarter where we have beared September, even October now.  So, 
we are sharing with them. So they are also discussing internally. So 
maybe third quarter or fourth quarter, they'll pass the benefit back to us. 
 
Kunal Tokas: The reason I was asking was that I wanted to find out what the 
contribution of price increase would be to this year's guidance of 
INR270 crores, to INR280 crore. So you already had a price hike in Q1 
as well, and now you'll have another in Q2. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yes, but what happens now, Q3-Q4, we will tell, and they'll reimburse 
for Q1-Q2. Then Q3 -Q4, next year we'll get reimbursed. So there's a 
formula where the compa ny will, what do you say, give us the price 
increase. Because how we do our costing, the raw material price is 
counted in the, like, the company gives us the raw material price. The 
costing, how it works for our production, the raw material is, what do 
you say, it's, we have to even give them how much margin we make to 
all our customers. 
 
Kunal Tokas: It is passed on. But in volume, volume terms, what would be the growth 
for FY27? 
 
Arun Aradhye: I can't say exactly volume, we cannot identify exactly what it  can be. 
We are working out the same, and it will be completed, the exercise will 
be completed by the end of this month, and maybe about 15 days will  
===== PAGE 16 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
require for that, and then the percentage will be about 5% to 6% that we 
are going to benefit from that. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay, okay, got it, sir. And for the -- what would the contribution of the 
Brake segment be in FY26? Does that depend on getting the 
dynamometer on time? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes, that is what, because of some technical matter that has been 
delayed to a certain extent, though the railways have already  -- we are 
registered with railways. They are waiting for the dynamometer to come 
and they will come for inspection and they will approve as it shows, and 
we'll start dispatching to them, supplies to them. But it may take a little 
more time because of this delay in procuring of dynamometer, which is 
costly as good as INR3 crores to INR3.5 crores is the cost of that 
dynamometer. Along with the railways, our OEM business will also get 
into our fold after we install that. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Okay, so Brakes, what would the contribution be to this year's top line? 
 
Aditya Menon: Around INR13 crores to INR15 crores, like INR13 crores to INR14 
crores, depending on how last two quarters go off. 
 
Arun Aradhye: You can say about INR13 crores. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Yeah, okay. And for the brakes business again, when you have entered 
the two wheeler business with Bajaj Pulsar, what value proposition are 
you offering them to switch their vendor? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Even if we go up to the extent of, instead of 5 to 6 lakhs their 
requirement, if we go up to say by the end of March, we reach up to 3 
to 4 lakhs of pieces per month that additional business will be around 
INR80 lakhs to INR85 lakhs per month. 
 
Aditya Menon: And actually, this business value proposition means they are having 
troubles with the current supplier. So that's why they were looking for 
another supplier. That's how we got into the picture.  We have open 
orders, but like I told before to Mr. Shah, th at we want to do a 
sustainable growth. We have an open order, that's why we gave 2 lakhs 
and there were rejections. Our Menon Brakes name will get spoiled. It's 
a safety product. So we are making sure our processes are bulletproof. 
We go with zero PPM, do give timely delivery, timely order. 
 
===== PAGE 17 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
So actually now they have even given another model part because they 
liked the quality. So as management, deciding should we even invest in 
that. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Once we reach to the optimum level, you can say that monthly business 
will be around INR1.30 crores to INR1.5 crores a month. For that, we 
will have to have additional capacity.  
 
Kunal Tokas: Got it. So just last question, what are your plans for Africa and what is 
the sort of indicative timeline? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Indicative timeline is that from the month of December, we will be 
having the business of around INR50 lakh per month to start with from 
December. 
 
Kunal Tokas: Which segment will it be? 
 
Arun Aradhye: So yearly impact will be around INR6 crores in Bi-Metal. 
 
Kunal Tokas: In Bi-Metal. Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you very much and have a good 
day. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you Kunal. We'll take the next question from Arnav Sakhuja. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: Hi, thank you for taking my question. So my first question is, so in our 
PPT, you mentioned that there are some strategic investments that we've 
been doing from a cost saving perspective. So would it be possible to 
quantify what kind of cost savings we could expect from these ventures 
in the next one or two years? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, only with the help of installation of rooftop solars we'll be 
saving around INR2 crores per year. 
 
Aditya Menon: So that's one. Another, we're also doing an efficiency of toolings. We're 
getting more advanced toolings which have better life.  So it's all 
operating efficiencies. We're trying to maximize those. So those also 
will in the long run, give us savings, increase our margins, operating 
margins also. So one was a big, w e have done around INR10 crore to 
INR11 crore investment in solars. All our rooftops are getting solar 
panels. One is for cost saving. Another one is all our customers are big 
customers where their goals, their company goals are to have a better 
===== PAGE 18 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
carbon footprint on the world. So how we have quality, like when you 
do a product, there's price. First they check the quality, then the price.  
Now they're getting a carbon sheet as well.  
 
So we're doing  -- so one main reason behind solar was to get carbon 
footprint approval also, because that's going to be a parameter for these 
big customers to choose between suppliers  -- for global customers for 
export, especially EU and US. So EU is starting to have a car bon 
footprint on this big John Deere and all other customers. So if they don't 
fit the carbon footprint, there'll be extra taxes put on those parts.  
 
Arun Aradhye: If we implement it, we'll get a better price.  
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah. So we're getting better  prices also. So that was one big reason 
why we went for solar also, a big investment. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: Thanks. And so my next question is, is there any update on our business 
in the Bi-Metal segment that we're doing with Canada? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Canada that is you see, because of certain uncertainty, because of tariff 
and all these things , the people there with a certain company, which 
means we can have a better business. We cannot tell the name of that 
company, but what we've decided that I'm going to have a meeting with 
them in the month of April. And that alone business will be to the tune 
of almost INR50 crores to INR60 crores per year. And they're already 
approved our pricing, et cetera and quality as well. So how to take it 
forward that we will decide in the month of April when we'll be meeting 
in the USA, they will come from Canada. I will go there from Kolhapur, 
from India, and we'll complete that deal by the end of April, next year. 
 
Aditya Menon: Just for better knowle dge, many of the U.S. companies have their 
manufacturing units in Canada also. So in the long run, you know, just 
to be safer on the tariffs, they are trying to reroute us from Canada and 
Mexico also. So we're just working out how the costing, pricing, 
everything will work out. 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: And this would be in the after-sales segment, right?  
 
Arun Aradhye: No, no, no. That is OEM. 
 
Aditya Menon: OEM, OEM segment.  
 
===== PAGE 19 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
Arnav Sakhuja: OEM, Okay, OEM segment. And just one last question. So  you were 
mentioning earlier about some business from Africa. I didn't catch that 
number. Could you please repeat that number? 
 
Aditya Menon: Actually, we have got a few inquiries from a few companies in Africa. 
So they have given big numbers. So we're planning to start with a small 
quantity first. That's INR50 lakhs per month business for Bi-Metal, Bi-
Metal product and that will increase. We are just not skeptical. Just want 
to make sure the payment cycle, everything is, you know, on time. 
Because like back in the day, before I was born, we used to supply to a 
few countries in Africa. So that time we had some bad debt situations 
there where in 1994, '96, where INR30 lakhs, INR40 lakh rupees, just, 
you know, we couldn't get the payment back. And what can -- you can't 
fight an international court. And it's all sounds fancy. But in reality, 
when you go to do it, it's very difficult. 
 
So we're starting with INR50 lakhs per month. Eventually that should 
go up. But we just want to make sure, you know, it's a good customer, 
everything going smoothly. 
 
Arun Aradhye: So when couple of days back, customer from South Africa was here. I 
already had a meeting with them. And I insis ted upon them that we 
should get 100% payment in advance before the dispatch.  And they 
have agreed for that.  
 
Arnav Sakhuja: Okay, sure, thanks for answering my questions.  
 
Aditya Menon: Thank you. Thank you, Arnav. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Arnav. [Operator Instructions]. We'll take the next question 
from Manav Mehta. Please go ahead. 
 
Manav Mehta: Thank you for the opportunity, sir. So, sir, I see that this time you have 
excluded the slide on capacity expansion. Can you throw some light on 
the CapEx plan and where we are on CapEx that we have guided for 
division wise that is Bearings, Brakes and Alkop? 
 
Aditya Menon: I like to answer last two years we have done around INR30 crore, 
finished around INR30 crore in CapEx total. So like Mr. Aradhye said, 
we have already, what do you say, done the most of the CapEx. Now 
only whatever machinery is required, part specific, when the order is 
there, only that time we'll have to do.  So in CapEx wise, 2026, it's not 
much, like it's not on a very higher side. 
 
===== PAGE 20 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
Arun Aradhye: So what whatever CapEx that we have done so far as Bi-Metal division 
is concerned, we have incurred about INR20 crores. In Alkop INR12.5 
crores, we are already incurred an d additional INR8 crores is being 
incurred during this year. And in  Brakes, we already incurred cost to 
the extent of INR9 crores and additional INR3 crores on account of 
equipments for inspection that we're going to procure during this year. 
 
Aditya Menon: And we won't need significant amount of CapEx till 2027 and half, like 
first 2 quarters of 2028. So those revenue values we should be able to 
achieve with the current CapEx done in all the three plants, all the three 
divisions. 
 
Manav Mehta: Okay, sir. Great. And my another question is, what are you doing to 
mitigate risk from tariff slowdown? Since we saw some growth in Q1, 
but again, the growth has softened in Q2. 
 
Arun Aradhye: As I already told you that during this month, our export to USA are 
highest in the history of Menon Bearings and that will continue further.  
 
Aditya Menon:  October.  
 
Arun Aradhye: Continuing the year after also.  We don't feel any issues. We will have 
any with USA. 
 
Manav Mehta: Okay, sir. Great. Thank you. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Actually, it is on the rise. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yeah.  
 
Manav Mehta: Great, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
 
Aditya Menon: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Manav. We'll take the next question from Sagar Shah. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Sagar Shah: Thank you again for the opportunity, sir. My just two questions. 
Actually, the first question was on brakes business.  Brakes business in 
this quarter also hardly, it's hardly INR1 crore or INR2 crores of 
revenue that we have earned in this quarter. Actually, INR2.1 crores to 
be precise. Collectively, H1 we have just clocked a round INR4 crores 
of business actually. And you have guided for almost INR13 crores to 
INR14 crores of business for this year. And you said that dynamometer 
===== PAGE 21 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
will be coming in the third or maybe even in the fourth quarter. And 
then the partnership with the railways will come in FY27. 
 
So first of all, this brakes, this will be totally --will this order will be 
totally led by Bajaj or have you found out some new customers also for 
this business, sir? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Yeah, apart from Bajaj, that will be eventually go up to 3 to 4 lakh of 
pieces per month. Apart from that business, we have finalized one deal 
for African countries, so far as brake lining is concerned. And that will 
be around INR50 lakh per month. And fro m next month, we will start 
that business. 
 
Sagar Shah: Africa. Okay, okay. So that will be basically on the brakes business side.  
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes, yes. 
 
Aditya Menon: Aftermarket, yes. Merchant export. 
 
Sagar Shah: Aftermarket, merchant export. Okay. Fine, sir. So my next question, sir, 
was related to the thrust washers, actually . In the thrust washers 
business, means we have  -- I guess we have started the commercial 
production also.  
 
Aditya Menon: Yes. 
 
Sagar Shah: So can you highlight some, some features about the business about new 
customers that you have identified? What is the progress regarding that 
business? What is the commercial? What is the utilization in that 
capacity? 
 
Arun Aradhye: You see, we have increased the capacity by almost 7 lakh o f pieces of 
washers per month apart from the existing facility. We have already 
started that business with Allison USA from the month of September. 
We have already shipped two consignments of washers to Allison USA. 
And the total volume per year will be around INR30 crores, apart from 
their existing business. 
 
Sagar Shah: But that will be of a lower margin, sir, as compared to our Bi-Metals.  
 
Arun Aradhye: Why, why? Who said that that is lower margin?  
 
Sagar Shah: Okay. No, no, I'm just asking, sir.  
 
===== PAGE 22 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Aditya Menon: No, no. 
 
Arun Aradhye: No, no, absolutely not. 
 
Aditya Menon: It will be similar margins. 
 
Sagar Shah: Okay, similar margins. 
 
Aditya Menon: Yes. These are confirmed orders. At the same time, our marketing team, 
like this quarter, last quarter, we are still having prospects.  When we 
tell you t hose are confirm orders. They're still like six, seven guys in 
like -- we are going ahead. We have given sample pricing.  They're 
coming here for audits. We are doing quality check. It's a big process.  
So we have to get a vendor code. So those processes are going on. We 
are identifying new players to get from 2027, 2028, what answers we 
should give you all also.  So we have very agg ressive marketing also 
happening, identifying new players. But for us, we are doing high 
margin. Don't go for any customer. 
 
We go for a very lucrative business. So we're trying to find good players 
who give us the good rates, where you know, they're focusing on value 
addition, higher quality. We're not into mass production kind of, you 
know, we're doing high volume, high value addition parts. 
 
Arun Aradhye: Apart from that, from one of the global companies into Menon -- into 
bearings, we have received as m any as more than 800 samples for 
development from USA. We're skeptical about that. They want that 
entire aftermarket should be looked after by us so far as USA is 
concerned. 
 
Aditya Menon: And they're one of our big competitors. So we are in  -- management is 
taking the decision. Should we go for it or no?  
 
Sagar Shah: Right, sir.  
 
Aditya Menon: It's very, it's a call from the management, what they are… 
 
Arun Aradhye: The total volume of that business is around INR80 crores. But maybe 
some part of it we will start, maybe to the tune of INR8 crores to INR10 
crores yearly, we can accommodate that. 
 
Sagar Shah: Right, sir. Sir, my last question, sir, that is presenting -- or that is there 
in your investor presentation,  that you have basically developed some 
few components for one of your tractor clients actually, and 50% 
===== PAGE 23 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
approval has already come. And these components, actually, the 
business is worth INR55 crores. So is it a US based customer or can you 
highlight about something like some? 
 
Arun Aradhye: That is domestic as well as exports . You see, for John Deere also, and 
for Escorts, and one of the projects of international tractors also, that is 
Peacock project, TMTL's another project.  
 
Aditya Menon: How it happens, Escort also is taken over by Kubota, like, you know, 
there's joint venture. So there are some orders which they do for India, 
some orders which they do for Africa, some orders that go to Southeast 
Asia, European countries. So it's a mixed b atch. So companies, escort 
Indian company, but they are, what do you say, some parts go to the 
Indian mix, some parts go for the foreign mix. So it's for TMTL 
International Tractors , it's similar for all these tractor manufacturers.  
So, it's a mixed bag. 
 
Sagar Shah: Sure, sure. I got your point. Thank you.  Thank you so much, sir. And 
all the best, sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Aditya Menon: Thank you, Sagar. Yes. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sagar. Anybody who wishes to ask a question, please use 
the option of raise hand. Sir, since there are no further questions, would 
you like to give any closing comment? 
 
Arun Aradhye: Yes, with the hope that we should be growing at a rate of between 18% 
to 20% year-on-year, and we strongly feel about that. Maybe September 
was a little late, but we will cover up during this quarter as well as in 
the fourth quarter, and we'll see that we clock a turnover of more than 
INR280 crores to INR290 crores with EBITDA margins about 19 % to 
20%, 18% to 20%. And similarly, we hope that margins in the next year 
will be more than 20 %, and we're absolutely sure about that unless 
something drastically negative happens. 
 
And thank you for that. And also, I request many of you to come and 
visit our plants. We are having five plants, three plants in Gokul 
Shirgaon, MIDC and two plants in a Five Star MIDC that is Kagal. You 
are all welcome and thank you for joining us. And we look forward for 
your visit to our facilities in near future. Thank you, everybody. 
 
Moderator: Thank you to the management team, a nd thank you to all the 
participants for joining on this call. This brings us to the end of this 
conference call. Thank you. 
===== PAGE 24 =====
Menon Bearings Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY26 Post Earnings Conference Call 
October 29, 2025 3:00 PM IST 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
 
Arun Aradhye: Thank you. 