
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
PCL/SEC/26-27/016                           June 24, 2026 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
"Exchange Plaza" 5th Floor, Plot No. C-1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
NSE Scrip Code - PRECAM  
To, 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001  
 
BSE Scrip Code – 539636 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Earnings Call held on Monday, June 22, 2026. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III with Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 , p lease find 
enclosed transcript of earnings call held on Monday, June 22, 2026, at 12.00 Noon (IST). 
It is also available on the website of the Company at www.pclindia.in.   
You are requested to take the same on record.   
Thanking you, 
For Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
________________ 
Harshal J. Kher 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem. No: A69147 
 
Encl: A/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Precision Camshafts Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
June 22, 2026 
 
          
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARAN SHAH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – PRECISION CAMSHAFTS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Precision Camshafts Limited 
June 22, 2026 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q4 FY 26 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Precision Camshafts Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, 
then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Shah, Whole Time Director, Business 
Development. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Karan Shah: Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'd like to thank you all for being a part of 
the Precision Camshafts Limited Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. In case you have any 
detailed questions related to finance, please e-mail your queries to cs@pclindia.in, and we shall 
provide a response in a reasonable time. We have submitted our investor presentation for quarter 
4 to the stock exchanges, and the same is available on our website. 
 Investors are requested to refer to the presentation for detailed financial and operational 
information. I'm pleased to share that Precision Camshafts Limited has delivered a strong 
performance during the fourth quarter of FY '26. The company reported a net profit of INR13.2 
crores compared to INR9.5 crores in the previous quarter, reflecting a growth of approximately 
38%. The improvement in profitability was primarily driven by higher revenues and improved 
operating performance. Revenue increased by INR 14.5 crores during the quarter, particularly 
offset by increases in raw material costs and other operating expenses. 
 For the full year of FY '26, company reported a profit of INR 5.78 crores. This performance 
includes an exceptional charge of INR48.8 crores related to the impairment of investment in our 
step-down subsidiary, MFT, which is currently undergoing insolvency proceedings in Germany. 
Excluding these exceptional items, the underlying operating performance of the business 
remains stable and resilient. 
 The Indian automotive market continues to demonstrate strong fundamentals despite global 
uncertainties, and we will continue to benefit from increasing localization, strong demand from 
domestic OEMs and the growing preference of customers to partner with r eliable suppliers 
having proven quality, delivery and manufacturing capabilities. 
 As highlighted in our previous earnings call, PCL has secured multiple new business awards 
from leading OEMs, including Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Mahindra & Mahindra, Tata Motors, 
Renault-Nissan and some other international customers as well. These programs extend our 
business visibility well into the next decade and represent a cumulative lifetime revenue of 
approximately INR1,500 crores over and above our existing order book. 
 To support this growth, the company is executing a comprehensive capacity expansion program. 
Over the next 3 years, PCL plans to invest over INR 100 crores in foundry and machine shop 
capacity expansion, advanced manufacturing technologies as well as automation. These 
investments are expected to support incremental revenues of more than 2x the capex, which will 
be incurred in the coming years. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Precision Camshafts Limited 
June 22, 2026 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 The new Solapur manufacturing facility continues to progress as planned. The facility will house 
new machining lines, assembly capabilities, automation systems and supporting infrastructure 
for our future. We expect the facility to enhance our production c apabilities and support 
customer commitments for the future. 
 In addition to the capacity expansion, we are undertaking significant automation initiatives 
across the foundry and the machine shop. These projects are expected to generate significant 
cost savings while improving quality, productivity and efficiency. I w ould also like to update 
shareholders on our renewable energy initiatives. During FY '26, the second phase of our solar 
power project was successfully commissioned, taking the total capacity to 29 megawatts. This 
investment is expected to generate an annu al saving of approximately INR 24 crores while 
reducing dependence on conventional power sources and supporting sustainability objectives. 
 Our subsidiary, MEMCO, reported improved operational performance during the quarte r. We 
recorded a revenue of INR 14 crores during quarter 4 and continue to focus on building 
relationships with key customers. The modernization of legacy equipment and operational 
improvements are expected to further enhance profitability at MEMCO. 
 Our e-mobility subsidiary, EMOSS in the Netherlands reported a revenue of INR 29.47 crores 
during the quarter compared to INR23.9 crores in the previous quarter. And while market 
conditions remain challenging in Europe, the business has maintained operational stability and 
continues to pursue new opportunities in electric commercial vehicle applications.  Turning to 
our e-mobility business in India, I'm pleased to share that we have successfully developed our 
electric Heavy Commercial Vehicle (e-HCV).  
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you sir, but your voice is breaking, sir. 
Karan Shah: Are you able to hear now? 
Moderator: Yes. 
Karan Shah: Turning to our e -mobility business in India, I am pleased to share that we have successfully 
developed our electric heavy commercial vehicle platform and have already delivered the first 
vehicle to our customer in this quarter. 
 This agreement marks an important milestone in our electrification journey and validates our 
capabilities. The vehicle is undergoing customer evaluation and field trials with initial feedback 
being encouraging. We expect to complete certification and homol ogation during this current 
financial year and upon successful validation plans scale up and commercial deployment from 
April of next year. 
 Looking forward, we remain optimistic about the long -term outlook of our business. Demand 
visibility remains strong across India, North America and South America, while opportunities 
for assembled camshafts and precision engineered products continues to expand. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Precision Camshafts Limited 
June 22, 2026 
Page 4 of 10 
 
 With a healthy order book, ongoing capacity expansion, significant automation initiatives and a 
renewable energy platform, we believe PCL is well positioned to deliver sustainable growth and 
create long-term value for all shareholders. 
 Coming to the financial performance again. The stand-alone business increased by 6.5% quarter-
on-quarter to INR162 crores. EBITDA margin stood at 15%, PAT margin stood at 8%. The 
consolidated business grew by 9% quarter-on-quarter to INR205 crores. EBITDA margin stood 
at INR30 crores or 15% and PAT margin stood at 4.9%. 
 With this, I would like to open the floor for question and answers. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: Our first question comes from the line of Shravani Salvi with Neomile AMC. Please go ahead. 
Shravani Salvi: Congratulations on…  
Moderator: Shravani your voice is low. 
Karan Shah: Not able to hear. 
Shravani Salvi: Can you hear me now? 
Karan Shah: Yes. 
Shravani Salvi: Sir, my question was regarding the Solapur facility that we have -- which is under construction. 
So when is this expected to complete? And what kind of capacity is it expected to bring in? 
Karan Shah: The facility is complete actually from a civil construction point of view. The plant is ready, the 
utilities also. Now we expect machines to start coming in for the first two  projects, which are 
going to be based in that plant from middle of the year. And we will start the production by 
quarter 1 of FY27, which is next year and the next -- yes. So that is the plan for the initial project. 
 The total capacity of this plant is 10 lines. So approximately 200,000 machined camshafts per 
month can be produced from this facility, but we are taking -- obviously, this will be in a phased 
manner. 
Shravani Salvi: And regarding the EMOSS business that we have. You mentioned there was some slowdown in 
Europe last quarter because of which the company could not do well. What kind of business 
outlook would you give regarding the Europe situation now? 
Karan Shah: I think the Europe situation is very volatile right now. There are two wars happening and there 
are several constraints, a lot of issues on subsidies and so on. And we will take this by the year 
and see how it goes. I think right now, we are stable at the rate at which we are operating at. We 
don't see a great amount of growth in this year or perhaps even the next year. 
 But we are now actively working on a lot of new customers, a lot of new applications, which we 
are now in the initial phases of. So any scale -up of such platforms or such new program would 
happen in the next 1.5 years or so. 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Precision Camshafts Limited 
June 22, 2026 
Page 5 of 10 
 
Shravani Salvi: Any acquisition plans internationally left? 
Karan Shah: Not at all, not internationally, but we are actively looking in India. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Brijesh with Navitus Corporate Advisors. 
Brijesh: Karan, a couple of things. One is we have done significant capex, and we are doing it now. As 
informed to us, around INR1,500 crores would be the new order book, which we'll execute over 
next maybe 4 to 5 years. So can you give some light in terms of incremental revenue, which this 
will add over the next couple of years, also the impact for the margin? This is first question. And 
then maybe I'll come to the EV part. 
Karan Shah: Okay. To answer that question, I think there are -- see, this INR1,500 crores cumulative is a 
combination of a variety of programs, which have a different start date for each one of them. 
Right now, we are not able to share with you exact year -wise project ions, and we are also 
refraining from sharing future numbers or financials. 
 In any case, I think that like I mentioned in the c all, we are investing about INR100 crores to 
INR120 crores in capex, and we expect that the top line increase -- incremental top line increase 
would be nearly 1.5x to 2x of that capex on an annualized basis, which will peak out in, let's say, 
2.5 to 3 years from now -- will be -- where we will ramp up and be at full utilization of the capex. 
Brijesh: Got it. I think that is helpful. And now in terms of margin, whether this new capex due to 
automation and all will be incremental to EBITDA margins? 
Karan Shah: There should be slightly. Anyway, the new projects are all assembled camshafts. They are higher 
value add, therefore, higher margin. And also with the automation, we expect that EBITDA 
margin improves a little bit, but it would be very difficult to quantify that right now in terms of 
numbers. 
Brijesh: And Karan, lately, the prices of this aluminum and all has gone up drastically, I think more than 
50%. So do you think this will have some margin impact in coming quarters before you pass on 
the lesser cost to the OEMs? 
Karan Shah: Yes, surely. I think every --  all raw materials, including the steels, including LPG, including 
cutting tools, oils, everything has increased over the last 2 to 3 months due to this Iran war 
situation. While some -- while customers do compensate us, they w ill not -- they don't fully 
compensate us, and there might be also a time gap between when we are incurring that expense 
and when it is compensated for. So surely, there will be some margin impact. But this is -- we 
hope that this is a short -term scenario. And once this war situation has eased out, that prices 
come back to normal. 
Brijesh: But let's say, if it persists longer, so how many quarters it will take or months before we fully 
pass on it to OEM? 
Karan Shah: No. OEMs are passing on the benefit to us. There is -- like I said, there's a time lag here because 
we are producing now, we will -- we sell; nearly 40%, 50% of our business is export, so there is 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Precision Camshafts Limited 
June 22, 2026 
Page 6 of 10 
 
a transit time also and then payments happen from there. So most of our customers have agreed 
to compensate us for this increased cost, which is beneficial to us, but there might be a time lag. 
Brijesh: Sure. I think that's it, thanks. So Karan, a couple of questions more. So one is, see, we have been 
hearing about EV, let's say, this EV play for last, I think, 2, 3 years. Earlier, we were betting on 
a smaller Tata Ace and that could not fructify due to w hatever, let's say, issues in compliance 
and RTO and all. And now we are bringing this technology from EMOSS to India. 
 So as, let's say, shareholder, we would like to understand what is the, let's say, a broad 
understanding of the management in terms of the opportunity, if this fructifies well, how big this 
opportunity can be for the company? Because as a shareholder, I would like to understand 
whether it makes -- what kind of growth we can achieve in future. 
 So I understand you can't give me figures, but at least some outlook in terms of the numbers, 
maybe the market size which you look at. This is one. And second thing the market is progressing 
into multiple things. So many people go into casting, they have diversified into defense and 
engineering tools, so many other things.  
But if we look at our journey, we have been more focused in terms of our, let's say, shafts. So 
do you think we should maybe look at some new opportunities where we can diversify, we can 
-- maybe defense. I don't know, whatever like as a management, I'm su re you guys are much 
smarter than us, so would request some light on these two things, Karan? 
Karan Shah: Sure. So this HCV that we have developed has been delivered to a customer. There is -- it's 
undergoing testing and we hope that in the next 6 months to 8 months, we complete certification 
and then we are able to commercially sell it . The potential is tremendous. Just I think if I have 
to quantify with one customer, we have an MOU already signed where we are looking at an 
order book of INR60 crores to INR70 crores annualized revenue of that much just from one 
customer and one product. 
If we kind of extrapolate this to others in this industry who are operating in a similar space or 
neighboring space, I think the opportunity is tremendous. But I don't think I would like to 
comment on that at this point of time. But there is a clear gap in the market. At this point of time, 
there are OEMs that are operating in the electric LCV space and there are OEMs operating in 
the 50 tons and above kind of truck. And there are also OEMs in the bus space. 
This middle space, which is the MCV, HCV space, which is, let's say, from 10 tons to 30 tons, 
there are no OEMs that are present in this application. And what we are also trying to do is we 
are trying to address a niche in the market where we are not trying to go after a logistics play or 
a transport of goods kind of customer. 
But a very specialized customer where the electrification has immediate benefits for the 
customer in terms of ROI and total cost of operation. So these are nicher applications, which are 
related to, let's say, public services, infrastructure, utilities and so on. So I think that's the focus 
that we have. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Precision Camshafts Limited 
June 22, 2026 
Page 7 of 10 
 
It has been successful for us in Europe because we don't go head on with the large OEMs and 
that is the same concept that we have in India for. Again, we have tried this with the Tata Ace 
as you correctly mentioned and we did not pursue it further due to a ll the issues that we had. 
And we just hope that compliance and regulatory frameworks become easier over the coming 
years so that this retrofitting business can actually take off.  
So I think it's a lot is subject to that and depends on that. So that's the answer on the EV side. On 
the new opportunities. So we are -- our whole objective is to become the number one  player in 
the shaft space that we operate in. I think in India, we are by far the largest. We aim to be the 
largest in the world and there is headroom for us to grow here.  
Very clearly, we hear from our OEMs that the EV business direction that was very clear 2 years 
ago has reversed, as some of the largest American OEMs have taken a complete U-turn on their 
EV strategy and I think that helps us significantly.  One thing is clear that on the camshaft 
business and so on, we will surely like to be the last man standing and the biggest player in this 
business. 
Of course, we are interested in defense and aero and other such businesses. But I think we look 
at such opportunities from an M&A perspective. And we are, like I said to the previous question 
that we are actively looking in India and we will, of course, ke ep you and all shareholders 
updated as and how we come across the right opportunities for that. 
Brijesh: Thanks Karan. I think I have more questions, but I will come back maybe I will leave others. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. O ur next question comes from the line of Deepak Poddar with Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: Thank you very much sir for this opportunity. Sir  just wanted to understa nd, first, what's our 
current. 
Moderator: Deepak, I'm sorry, but your voice is low now. 
Deepak Poddar: Now it's audible? Now it's better? 
Moderator: No.  
Deepak Poddar: No. Just hold on.  
Moderator: Deepak I'm sorry, but we cannot hear you properly. 
Deepak Poddar: Now it's better? 
Moderator: No, sir. 
Deepak Poddar: I'm not audible? 
Moderator: No. If you're using any external device like Bluetooth or something, please remove that. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Precision Camshafts Limited 
June 22, 2026 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Deepak Poddar: Yes, I was, but I have removed it. I thought that this would be... 
Karan Shah: It's better now. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Sir, just first up, I wanted to understand what our... 
Moderator: Deepak I'm sorry again, but your voice is not audible. 
Deepak Poddar: Now it's better? 
Moderator: Can you hear him? 
Karan Shah: Yes, I can hear him. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. Great. Sir, what would be our current capacity utilization? 
Karan Shah: Current capacity utilization across foundry and machine shop is over 80%, 85%. So, we are... 
Deepak Poddar: 80%, 85%, right. And this new capex that you have mentioned, when is expected to commission? 
Karan Shah: What is, sorry? 
Deepak Poddar: The new capex that you mentioned of INR100 crores to INR120 crores, when is this expected 
to commission? 
Karan Shah: Early next year. So early next financial year. So, April, I would say, April, May. 
Deepak Poddar: April '27, right? 
Karan Shah: Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. So, what would be the growth driver for us? I mean, because we are already running at 
80%, 85% utilization and this incremental can give us, what, INR200 crores, INR250 crores of 
revenue, right? So, in the meantime, I think next 1 year, because our c apacity utilization is 
already 80%, 85%, our growth drivers could be muted. I mean, how should one look at that? 
Karan Shah: No, I think there is still room to grow within the existing capacity, right? We can -- so on the 
foundry side, we are operating about 80%. On the machine shop side, we are operating about 
90%. So, I think there is growth in the foundry. In fact, a lot of t he growth that we see in the 
Indian market, there are some customers where we supply large volumes as in casting form only. 
We don't machine it. 
 So whatever growth that we are getting there right now, we are able to better utilize our foundry 
facilities for sure. And similarly, there is some room to grow in the machining plant also. Again, 
just to correct myself, there is this capex the 2 big proje cts that are going into production and 
will start the ramp -up will be from April of next year. But there are several ongoing capacity 
enhancements that have been going on as we speak right now over -- even over the last 3 to 4 
months. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Precision Camshafts Limited 
June 22, 2026 
Page 9 of 10 
 
 And there are some programs that are starting with capacity enhancement this month, some in 
July, some in September and so on. So, there will be a gradual increase in numbers that you will 
see going forward. And you've seen that from Q3 to Q4 also that the re has been an increase in 
the revenue at PCL level. 
Deepak Poddar: Correct. So current capacity utilization, we can go up to, what, 90%, 95%? 
Karan Shah: No, I think 90% is enough. But like I said, right now, we are also installing capex on existing 
lines on certain existing customer platforms where capacity is being enhanced as we speak. So, 
while I say that April is the big jump, there are several projects in the pipeline right now, which 
are adding to capacity and will add to volume also. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay. And this capex in existing line, I mean, by when? I mean, you can call it a debottlenecking 
kind of a capex for... 
Karan Shah: Yes. So, debottlenecking or adding, let's say, 10%, 20% capacity. 
Deepak Poddar: So yes, that's what I was trying to understand. So, it will add about 10% to 20% of capacity. And 
by when this is coming through? 
Karan Shah: Some of it is already in place, which is why the numbers are increasing as we see. Some of it is 
already in place, some next quarter, some the next quarter and so on. 
Deepak Poddar: Understood. And in terms of revenue potential of our new capex, this INR200 crores to INR250 
crores of revenue potential that we expect to realize over the next 2.5 to 3 years? 
Karan Shah: Yes, at peak. 
Deepak Poddar: Yes, at peak, yes, of course. And in terms of order book, our current order book stands at 
INR1,500 crores. Would that be right and... 
Karan Shah: Yes, cumulative, yes. 
Deepak Poddar: Cumulative, right? And what would be the execution period? 
Karan Shah: Everything will be executed in the next -- you mean the INR1,500 crores, it's about 5-year kind 
of 5, 6-year kind of period. That's the cumulative value, yes. 
Deepak Poddar: Yes, cumulative over the next 5 to 6 years, we'll have to execute. 
Karan Shah: Yes. 
Deepak Poddar: Okay, okay. I got it. I think that would be it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brijesh with Navitus Corporate Advisor. 
Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Precision Camshafts Limited 
June 22, 2026 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Brijesh: Karan, one last question on EV, let's say, use case. So, for example, what is the benefit in terms 
of existing company or client to go for retrofit versus, let's say, new vehicle in terms of the cost, 
payback and other things, if you can just give one case study. 
Karan Shah: Yes, it's a cost arbitrage basically. If you are buying today a brand- new electric vehicle, it is 
costing over INR1.2 crores to INR1.4 crores, okay, a truck. I'm talking about a heavy truck, not 
passenger cars and so on. Whereas retrofit, because we are using the existing chassis, the existing 
body and so on, we are able to do that at, let's say, 70%, 75% of the cost. So, there is definitely 
a cost delta. That's number one. 
 Number two, what is more interesting is when we -- for an electric truck solution, it comes with 
a standard platform, right? It comes with a standard battery pack, standard motor and so on, 
whereas what we are able to do for our specific application customers, we are able to customize 
and we are able to provide a personalized solution to the customers. 
 For example, on a 16-ton truck, we are able to go from a 200- kilowatt hour battery all the way 
to a 400-kilowatt, 450 -kilowatt hour battery, which can enhance range, which can enhance 
operational uptime and so on, which a typical OEM will not offer. So, I  think those are the two 
big advantages of retrofitting instead of buying new. And the third one, of course, like I said, in 
the category that we operate in, there are no new trucks, new electric trucks available at this 
point of time. 
Brijesh: Got it. Do we also intend to provide powertrains to other, let's say, OEMs in future? 
Karan Shah: It doesn't look like that. We do this in Europe, but I think the Indian market does not look like 
that at this point of time, at least. 
Brijesh: All right. Thanks Karan, thanks for the for the time. 
Moderator: Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participant, I would like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Karan Shah for closing comments. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Karan Shah: Thank you so much. I hope we've been able to answer most of your queries. We thank all our 
shareholders, our customers, employees for their continued support and confidence in PCL, and 
we remain focused on executing on our growth strategy and creating a su stainable long-term 
value for shareholders. We look forward to your participation in the next earnings call. Thank 
you, and have a very good day. 
Moderator: Thank you so much, Mr. Shah. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Precision Camshafts Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 