
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
 
May 14, 2026 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code:530367 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block - G, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: NRBBEARING 
 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure       
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Earnings Call Transcript  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is further to our intimation dated April 30, 2026 w.r.t Earnings Conference call with 
Analysts/Investors on the Audited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for Q4 FY 2025-26.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings 
Conference Call Transcript held with Analysts/Investors on Monday, May 11, 2026 at 15:00 
(IST). 
 
Copy of the same is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.nrbbearings.com/   
 
Please take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
For NRB BEARINGS LIMITED  
 
 
 
Khyati Danani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership no. A21844 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
 
  Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“NRB Bearings Limited 
Q4 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
May 11, 2026 
 
 
 
           
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MRS. HARSHBEENA ZAVERI – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – NRB BEARINGS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. DIWAKAR PINGLE – ERNST & YOUNG, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the NRB Bearings Limited Q4 FY '26 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero' on 
your touchtone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Di wakar Pingle from Ernst & 
Young. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Diwakar Pingle: Thank you, Rutuja. Good afternoon to all the participants in this call. Before we proceed to the 
call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward -looking statements that may 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors.  
 It must be viewed in conjunction with our business risks that could cause future result 
performance or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements.  
 Please note that we've made the results and the presentation available on the company's website. 
In case you have not received the same, you can write to us and we'll be happy to send the same 
over to you.  
 To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the top management of 
NRB Bearings Limited, represented by Mrs. Harshbeena Zaveri, Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director. We will start the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone past and then conduct 
the Q&A session. With that said, I will now hand over the call to Harshbeena Zaveri. Over to 
you, ma'am. 
Harshbeena Zaveri: Good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us today for NRB Bearings' final year '25, 
'26 and quarter four earnings conference call. I'm sorry, I have a little bit of a sore throat today, 
so please pardon me if I clear my throat or take a break for a little bit of water.  
 I must say, it's always good to connect with all of you. These conversations have been extremely 
helpful to us, not just to share our performance, but also to explain how we think about the 
business, how we allocate capital, how we prepare NRB for the next phase of growth.  
 And today, I would like to take a little bit of your time and not restrict myself only to numbers, 
because I believe that context is very important. Let me start with the financial performance for 
the quarter and for the full year.  
 At a consolidated level for quarter four, revenues from operations grew 13% year -on-year to 
INR372 crores. EBITDA increased by 17% year-on-year to INR74 crores, delivering a healthy 
EBITDA margin of 19.5%. Profit after tax for the quarter stood at INR42 crores.  
 For the full year, revenue from operations grew 11% to INR1,335 crores. EBITDA increased by 
19% year-on-year to INR267 crores and margins expanded to 19.5% from 18.3% in this financial 
year.  
===== PAGE 4 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 Profit after tax increased by 77%. That's basically the entire profit after tax and it is now INR146 
crores. Gross margins and EBITDA margins have improved steadily and this is not because of 
any one single factor.  
 It's the outcome of several structural initiatives. These include higher use of solar energy leading 
to lower power and fuel costs, higher automation reducing dependence on labour, continuous 
improvement in yields, and renegotiated vendor costing across material components, logistics, 
insurance across all elements of material related costs.  
 I will pause here and say clearly that we are satisfied with the quality of growth. We believe that 
it's important to deliver growth at an accelerated pace and we are working on that as well. This 
is a year where growth is not the outcome of one -off benefits. Growth has come from volume, 
from growth of market share across segments, from sweating our capacities, and from 
improvements in product mix as well as sustainable internal efficiency improvements.  
 Essentially, our growth is a result of a very comprehensive operational improvement plan. Now 
let me touch upon the operating environment during the financial year '26. I don't believe this 
has been an easy year globally for any of us. But despite challeng es arising from geopolitics, 
logistical disruptions, energy availability challenges, and uncertainty in overseas markets, we've 
not seen much material impact on our domestic business.  
 While export demand was impacted, NRB and its subsidiaries remain more resilient than many 
of those around us. Our international business did grow over the previous year to a little over 
4%. Our global customers have continued to honour their production schedules and 
commitments. This quarter, like others, we were impacted by sudden challenges that emerged 
unexpectedly during due to the Middle East situation. However, this was not unique to NRB, it 
was industry-wide, it was country-wide, and all over the world, everyone was affected.  
 However, India was particularly affected by the gas shortage. The ensuing product mix changes, 
which we faced from customers who were struggling as they adapted to the constraints in the 
supply chain, but good supply side situations from certain suppliers who were carrying adequate 
inventory and also, a fairly healthy demand surge, we actually came up to the challenge, we 
believe, better than most. But to some extent, the situation did reduce our original business plan 
for the quarter. 
 From an operational standpoint, we feel we handled the situation effectively without disruption 
because we did not stop our customer lines. At no point, at no point did we fail to meet key 
customer commitments. That for us is non -negotiable. This brings me  to one area that often 
draws attention, and that is inventory position. I would like to clarify how we approach it 
internally. We have strategically positioned inventory across India and key global locations such 
as Germany and the United States to ensure responsiveness and resilience.  
 This approach allows us to absorb logistics volatility, adapt quickly to changes, and maintain 
customer schedules, reliable delivery even during a crisis or a disruptive situation. For several 
products, we are 100% or near 100% suppliers to international customers, making it critical that 
we never become a bottleneck in their production plans.  
===== PAGE 5 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 Similarly, our situation on share of business is extremely high and at most companies for the 
products that we are leaders of, it is even 60 % to 70% with certain products being 100%. Our 
inventory strategy therefore supports uninterrupted supply, even under stressed global supply 
chain conditions.  
 Nevertheless, we believe that there was and will continue to be scope for improvement, and our 
inventories at the end of the year were in fact lower by over INR20 crores, even though our sales 
rose significantly. NRB's improved inventory position is close to optimal at this point, especially 
considering the global disruption. This, as we mentioned, is deliberate, reflecting our flexibility, 
strong processes, and strong customer-centric philosophy.  
 More importantly, this optimized inventory position is linked to the value we deliver. This also 
enables us in turn to secure appropriate value and pricing. In fact, this is the comprehensive 
result of our R&D and new product capability, our ability to ada pt to customer demand 
collectively across all areas that the customer considers important for a key supplier partnership.  
 Over time, this reliability and consistency and world -class engineering capability of for the 
launch of next -generation platforms have strengthened our customer partnership, led to an 
increase of share of business and share of wallet, and reinforced pricing discipline across cycles. 
This also gives us tremendous opportunities in the new products that we launch within the 
automotive sector, apart from our new initiatives in the industrial space. When it comes to 
growth, we internally track performance over a longer period rather than reacting to quarter-on-
quarter movements.  
Firstly, our business has inherent seasonality. Secondly, there are different customer -specific 
ordering platforms in different parts of the world that we serve. Add to that the layer of 
complexity of forex movements, particularly on the export side and so metimes on the import 
side.  
For this reason, a year-to-date and full-year lens gives a much more accurate picture of how our 
business is truly progressing. Viewed this way, FY '2 6 reflects steady, broad -based growth 
driven by volume expansion, as I mentioned, and a healthy mix of both domestic and global 
programs adding to NRB's portfolio. This approach helps us stay focused on sustainable 
execution rather than get side-tracked by short-term fluctuations.  
On capacity, there is the question around utilization. While reported utilization is roughly 85%, 
in reality effective utilization at several of our plants is much closer to full, when you take into 
account the demand variations, once you adjust also for m aintenance, shift patterns, 
changeovers, and generally the demand pattern from different segments. 
We have identified bottlenecks at specific plants. To address this, we have already initiated 
brownfield capex. Machinery orders have been placed . In fact, most recently machines have 
started to arrive. We expect commissioning of major enhancement projects starting from June -
July and continuing through this financial year and beyond up to the first quarter of 2028. You 
will start seeing partial benefits initially from the current quarter and more during the rest of the 
year.  
===== PAGE 6 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Operational efficiency and improvements in quality which have already kicked in will have their 
own positive impact and you will see our growth trajectory rise. Beyond automotive, I want to 
spend a little time about diversification, because this expansion into industrial space is also very 
close to my heart.  
We're extremely enthusiastic about our foray into niche and profitable opportunities in the 
industrial friction solutions arena. This is not about entering commoditized industrial bearings. 
This is about high-end specialized application-specific industrial friction solutions where NRB's 
engineering depth gives us an edge i n segments such as construction equipment , off highway, 
industrial gearboxes, switchgears, and power generation, these are all global and growing 
exponential segments.  
And new customers such as Siemens have been added, new aerospace wins include prestigious 
confidential platforms of Hindustan Aeronautics and National Aerospace Laboratories. We are 
choosing to focus on those which we can build the future on. Acquisition o f Mahant Tool is 
progressing as planned. Operational transition is ongoing, including purchase order migration, 
compliance alignment, and customer integration. They have an order book close to INR50 crores 
now, and we expect full operational control between mid-April and May.  
Before closing, I'd like to briefly outline why we believe NRB is competitively well-positioned. 
NRB has always operated with a mass customization mindset. Our start and history in needle 
bearings and cylindrical bearings particularly makes this a mindset edge.  
In fact, this gives us an edge beyond in a world which is moving closer and closer to what we 
do best. In fact, the demand that you see and the kind of global situations in the industrial and 
automotive space are suited for a supplier with our core compete ncies. Starting with smaller 
volumes, moving rapidly to mass customization at breakneck speed, with constant changes in 
the pecking order of which technology is going to prevail is something we handle exceedingly 
well.  
We work traditionally with customers that have a three-to-five-year timeframe well ahead of the 
next platform launch. There are many changes that take place, sometimes the platforms 
exponentially are successful, sometimes there are changes, in fact, this time gets compressed 
sometimes and move the other way at other ways.  And adaptability is key. These are the 
hallmarks of NRB.  This is what gives us a differentiated positioning right from design to 
delivery. 
Bearings are co -designed at the platform level, with the application data coming in from our 
customers. We sit on the drawing board, we brainstorm future technologies that do not exist, 
like the new steering that Magna is going to supply to the entire stab le of BMW which makes 
them all our customers deeply, deeply embedded and makes us difficult to replace.  
We complete on engineering capability, we compete on flexibility, and we compete by driving 
this with an immensely disciplined process -oriented approach. We do not work on commodity 
pricing and short-term solutions. Whether it's ICE, whether it's Hybrid, whether it's EV. Whether 
the power generation is Hydro tomorrow, whether it will be Wind energy. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Our bearing content per vehicle and per product remains largely value neutral. That is our model, 
and we have ensured that specific applications, such as for example, EV -specific bearings are 
priced in a manner to maintain our existing margin profile. 
In that sense, we remain EV agnostic, in the sense that we are supplying both, I would say, 
applications across technologies in all the spaces that we serve, and there is not much pricing 
differential when we enter any kind of segment. We believe we are one of the most risk-mitigated 
companies today when it comes to the concept of pricing and future profitability. 
To summarize, financial year '26 has been a year of strong and disciplined execution. Margin 
improvement has been driven by structural actions, disciplined capacity expansion, and 
thoughtful diversification. Our capital allocation remains prudent, our focu s remains on long -
term sustainable profitable growth. 
Most importantly, what gives me the greatest confidence is our people. Across plants, most 
importantly, at our customers, in our R&D and our supply chain. Our team, our employees 
continue to demonstrate agility, discipline, commitment, and incredible collaboration within and 
outside.  
As members of cross-functional teams that brainstorm how to deal with the constantly changing 
situation while staying process-oriented or with our supply chain partners or with our customers. 
Thank you, our investors and analysts for your trust and engagement. 
With that, I will pause here and open the floor for your questions. Thank you for your patience 
and listening to me.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question -and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Raghunandhan N L from Nuvama Research. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan N L: Good evening, ma'am. Congratulations on strong set of results for FY '26. Thank you for the 
detailed opening remarks. Firstly, in your opening remarks, you mentioned international 
business grew at 4%. Would you be referring to the standalone business that  within standalone 
exports has grown at 4%? Would that be the right understanding? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: No, we always look at consolidated. Because it's, you know, inter -company sale, its inter -
subsidiary sale, and if we give you those figures you'll get very confused. It's much more 
consistent for us just to talk about what we call international business. Which is total 
international customers which are overseas supplied, irrespective of from where we supplied 
them and with subsidiaries at the consolidated level. Does that explain? 
 So basically, despite all the challenges, that was, that was the growth figure we had, which was 
not necessarily very satisfying as I said. But considering all the changes in the world, I mean, it 
was positive. 
Raghunandhan N L: True, ma'am. For the standalone business, would it be possible to indicate how much was the 
growth in exports and after-market for full year FY '26? 
===== PAGE 8 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Harshbeena Zaveri: For exports we don't like to give the figure out separately because it causes a lot of confusion as 
I said, because there are a lot of inter -company subsidiaries we have step -down subsidiaries 
under the holding company, you know the structure, right? I can explain the structure if you like. 
Would you like me to do that? 
Raghunandhan N L: No, ma'am. And how about aftermarket performance? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: I really feel that just exports won't give you a good picture. I think it'll actually give a confusing 
picture, and we also have other subsidiaries that supply like SNL for example. So therefore, what 
I would like to focus on is fundamentally that, okay, the replacement market grew by 4%. 
 I think the last quarter has been extremely challenging for most companies in the replacement 
and distribution space and we to be honest, revised our plan and decided that we would focus 
more on OEMs. As you know, we are one of the rare companies that does not have virtually any 
pricing differential when you look at the cost part. I have explained this in the past but 
essentially, to handle the replacement market is extremely expensive.  
 There are lots of discount structures, and the way we calculate it is the final impact. Secondly, 
we're not into commoditized bearings. So, the prices that we command at the OEMs, it's not the 
traditional model, you know, which is similar for commoditized bearings or the tire industry or 
something. You lose money when you send to the OEM and then you make four times as much 
money when you sell in the replacement market, which is the situation with some of our 
competitors. That's not how our model is. 
Raghunandhan N L: Well, noted, ma'am. And how do you see the outlook for exports and aftermarket for FY '27? 
Directionally do you think there is an improvement expected? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: Yes, we expect 10 to 14% growth in our international business this year, as per our current 
business plan. Last year there was 4% growth, this year we expect 10 to 14%. Maybe even 15%. 
Raghunandhan N L: Well, noted, ma'am. My second question was on the capex part. What is the capex expected for 
FY '27, given that you're looking at a good growth, and you have also indicated in the filings 
that there will be an expansion happening? So , for FY '27, would INR80 crore s be a good 
estimate as to what the Capex would be? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: No, it'll be closer INR 120 crores and the reason for that is we're also looking at land. 
Raghunandhan N L: On capex side, 120, how would it be distributed between standalone and subsidiaries? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: I think I'm getting an indication of more questions and this is again as I'm saying, we 
fundamentally drive this on consolidation. So , I mean it's, we don't like to give out too many 
numbers which are not in the public domain that are necessarily being watched by our 
competitors especially since we are outperforming at this point. 
Moderator: We'll move to the next question is from the line of Vileh Rai  from Kamaya-Kya Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Vileh Rai: Hi, congratulations ma'am on great set of numbers. Can you please throw some light on 
capabilities of Mahant toolrooms? What exactly they do they produce in aerospace segment, 
where do they lie in the value chain, what certifications do they have? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: So basically, they manufacture products in what we call mission critical areas. Okay, for the 
highest performing aircraft that are used by Indian defense systems. The reason this is very 
interesting for us is because they are very similar to focus that we  have as a company on 
commercial aircraft. So, this is landing gear components, this is the fuel injection system, this is 
the doors, I mean, literally what saves the lives of the pilots and what made our strikes successful. 
They were at the forefront of that. They also make a product called Borden which is similar to 
one of the bearings that we are focusing on, that is not a bearing but it's a similar product. So 
interestingly even though they manufacture more for defense, the application s are similar to 
what our long-term goal and plan for aerospace is. 
Vileh Rai: Currently if the order book is 100% towards defense, would they need to apply for more 
certifications in order to supply to commercial aerospace or you planning this? Do we need more 
capex? What would be the time? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: They're already in the process of certification. That means they already are in the process of the 
certification, and our products will also be covered in the certification what we've developed.  
That was the reason that we looked for a company that was in process of the certification, rather 
than the company that already had it. Does that make sense? That means in the next six months 
they'll be getting the certification, and our products will also be included into that. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Nitish Rege from ChrysCapital. Please go ahead. 
Nitish Rege: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Just, ma'am in your opening remarks you said that you've 
added Siemens as a customer. Just could you share some more information regarding this? Is it 
from Mahant, is it from NRB? You know, which application product, you know, size of the 
contract, timeline? Just some colour on that. 
Harshbeena Zaveri: I'm sorry we do not share that information and often we are also not permitted to share with our 
customer confidentiality contracts. 
Nitish Rege: Fair. And just one last bookkeeping. In Mahant tool room you said the order book has now 
reached 50 crores, right? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: Yes. 
Nitish Rege: This is executable over the next12 to 18 months? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: No, it doesn't work like that in aerospace. It means the significance of that is when we announced 
the acquisition, they had an order book of INR25 crores. The pace depends on how much they 
scale, that means enhanced pace will depend on whether a particular landing gear on one aircraft 
for example is rolled out right across, okay, and how fast. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 9 of 16 
 
But these are concrete orders, the exact pace is not  something that we can predict. But it gives 
you an idea of how much business has been signed up depending on whether the defence 
organization slows down or moves up and from every angle that we can see defence rollout is 
speeding up. 
Now, the additional business that we got is indicative of the fact that HAL have not just endorsed 
but has heartily endorsed this change of Mahant Toolroom being 100% subsidiary of NRB, and 
in this short span of time the order book has doubled. So that was the significance of that.  
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: Just want to understand what is the mix of revenues by application? The second question  is 
whether the value accident-related volume loss completely recovered now because I think last 
year, we carried some amount of loss opportunity?  
And the third question is that can you just help me understand the inventory carrying levels? 
How does it differ between domestic business and international business because I believe that 
in international business the inventory days are slightly longer? So, these are my questions. 
Harshbeena Zaveri: Okay, so let me start by the segmentation that you mentioned . Do you want to know the pie of 
the different segments? Just for clarification? Do you want to know for example now how 
much are two-wheeler and three-wheeler businesses and how much are aftermarket? 
Lakshminarayanan: No, I'm not looking at two-wheeler, three-wheeler, I'm looking at more from an application point 
of view. It could be industrial transmission, or it could be a cylindrical, the way in which as an 
organization you'd define. 
Harshbeena Zaveri: So that is not something that we give out but I can give you a rough indication. This used to be 
very important to people when EV was happening and they would ask us how much is in engine, 
okay. And I would say that apart from two and three -wheelers, we are not much in the engine 
application. We are in transmission, driveline, chassis and in steering. We're not much in wheel 
applications and therein lies a huge opportunity for us. 
Because there are two kinds of opportunities for us, if that is really, the end goal of your question. 
One opportunity is that we are in  -- and I'm going kind of  picturing a vehicle and telling you, 
that we are increasingly in steering and we're really launching some of the most pres tigious 
steerings in the world. 
When it comes to transmission, it's very interesting. I was recently going to buy a car, okay, and 
I might answer this as a story. And I said look, I only want to buy a car that has my bearing. The 
company was like, you need to get a prestigious car. I'm not a very high-profile person, but the 
company was the kind to continue to be a prestigious car 
So, I said okay, and I can tell you that every single Maybach has my bearings in the transmission. 
And then it goes down to all the S Classes and the CLS to the CLA and the CL. I mean literally 
===== PAGE 11 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 10 of 16 
 
every Mercedes from one to the Maybach has us in the transmission. Then you flip over to BMW 
and you see the models that have that little 'i' initial on it, okay. 
All of them, from the 1 series, the 2 series, the 4 series, the 5, the 3, the 8, and you go on all the 
way to the 7L, and they all have us in the transmission. Increasingly in the next year as I 
mentioned when they change over their steering to the new pla tform of a highly advanced e -
steering, that is going to have our bearings starting as Magna rolls it out there. 
We are in for example the transmission across that I mentioned through ZF. So transmission, 
chassis, steering are our mai nstays. All kinds of electric motors in there. And I mean the small 
ones like the locking systems and like the starters and things have our bearings. 
Now you move to truck. When you look at truck all the same footprint that I mentioned just now 
as part of the vehicle is replicated, but we are also in very critical applications such as what is 
known as the kingpin bearing. When you see those huge trailer s, right, on the road and you 
wonder how the cargo doesn't get dislocated up, especially if you're seeing a container truck, it's 
NRB bearing that holds it together. 
Literally in every Mercedes and Mack and Freightliner and Scania and Volvo. I mean this is a 
patented product that we make which is a combined cylindrical thrust bearing. It's very hard for 
me to give data on specific bearings because sometimes what we eng ineer is like an amazing 
amalgamation of different kinds of bearings put together. 
So I think that's the kind of space that we're in when it comes to automotive and literally I mean 
industrial bearings are going to go into -- they are going to go into the electric grid, they're going 
to go into industrial gearboxes, they're going to go into literally anything that takes a cylindrical 
roller bearing. 
We are increasingly developing our product range for construction and off -highway as I 
mentioned, and switchgears and the electric grid transmission. So those are the areas of focus. I 
hope that answers your question fairly comprehensively. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Varun Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Varun Jain: Hi, good afternoon, ma'am. So, I have a couple of questions on Mahant Toolroom. So, I think 
last quarter when the acquisition was announced, it was told that the annual revenue run rate for 
this company is close to INR2 crores. So, in FY'27, how much will be the revenue they'll be able 
to execute out of their INR50 crores order book? And is HAL 100% of the order book? That's 
my first question. 
Harshbeena Zaveri: There are two things. On Mahant Toolroom  if you have a little patience, once we complete all 
elements of this transaction, then we will be able to make our very comprehensive business plan, 
and we would be happy to give some insight into that approximately six months from n ow, it 
will be more meaningful. 
The INR2 crores actually is  no meaning because our idea, we had a plan to set up our own 
aerospace manufacturing facility. I can tell you fairly candidly that we were carrying at that point 
===== PAGE 12 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 11 of 16 
 
of time INR100 crores of RFQs from some of the names that are the top three, top four producers 
of aircraft and their components in the world. 
However, the situation was that if we wanted to enter that business it would have taken us four 
years even to be able to respond to the RFQ, because with a without a concrete AS 9100 
certification plan, which is in a time -bound manner can be shared, we had  no hope. Therefore, 
our aim was to buy a company that would give us the people capability, the design capability, 
and the certification capability to take this business to the next level. 
We also did not want to buy a company that didn't have the right culture, and it was extremely 
difficult for us to find a company that was doing such complex things but at a scale that we could 
take to the next level. And that is the entire reason why we a cquired it. So, if you have a little 
patience, trust me, we saved three years. 
And we were able to really be in a position  to make that concrete plan, which typically people 
either go out and acquire a business outright, but we don't believe in acquiring a business outright 
because the culture doesn't fit them because this requires a lot of innovation. 
Varun Jain: Sure ma'am. And this, is HAL right now 100% of the order book? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: It is, but it's not one division. It's literally every division. You know, HAL is run in a manner 
where literally each division is like a company of its own. So, this has multiple divisions of HAL 
which are which are buying different, different parts for different kind of technologies in aircraft. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rudraksh Raheja from Ithought Financial Consulting. 
Please go ahead. 
Rudraksh Raheja: First question is, is there a reason to believe that industrial segment would be margin accretive 
to our business? And if yes, by how much percentage? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: So, let me answer your question in a complicated manner. Will it be as or more profitable? 
Depends. It's definitely, and the reason I'm saying that is not because the industrial business 
we're targeting is not profitable, but because the automotive business we're targeting is also very 
profitable. You get my point. 
It takes me back a little bit to that distribution angle, where people you know companies sell 
6204, 6203 standard commoditized ball bearing, they sell them even at a loss to a two-wheeler 
company and then sell them at three times the price in the replacement  market. That's not what 
we do. 
So the kind of industrial bearings we are focusing on are as profitable as what NRB currently 
makes which is at the end of the day a 18 % to 20% EBITDA margin is a requirement for us to 
focus in any area. At some if some of it is 30%. Yes. And some of it might be 14%. 
Will it average out to what we have over the next five years? Will it pan out and be in line with 
our aspirational goal of maintaining profitability consistently between 18% and 21%? Yes. Does 
that answer your question? 
===== PAGE 13 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shreyans Gathani from SG Securities. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Gathani: Hi, good afternoon, ma'am. I had one question on the last quarter margin. So, we've never gotten 
below like 60% gross margin. This is the first quarter like in a very long time. So just trying to 
understand like what caused the dip in the gross margins that we saw in this last quarter. 
Harshbeena Zaveri: Fundamentally only one reason, foreign exchange. 
Shreyans Gathani: Got it. So that's because of the imports that we do for our steel? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: No, actually it's a little bit more complicated. It's one is the product mix, okay, the impact on 
forex on certain products had one high import component, and secondly, the COGS also get s 
converted into a rupee value. 
So if there is a sudden change on the last day, it can just be not reflective of how it would have 
been over a month. See our international entities, their expenses got booked in a very strange 
manner because of the sudden change of the pricing on the last day. 
Shreyans Gathani: Okay. So, we should expect this to normalize? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: It's not something that you should worry about, because if you look at the YTD, if you just 
consider that there was this crazy spike on a particular day, it would have kind of not the peaks 
and troughs get knocked out over a three-year period. I sorry, three-month period. 
 It was just this unusual situation of accounting practice. We do not change accounting practice. 
We stay with the accounting practice that is proper for a long run and sometimes you have a 
sudden anomaly, right? I'll give you an example.  
If for example, your other income which is actually operational  other income like scrap sales 
doesn't happen because you decide you don't want to sell your scrap on the last day because 
you're not getting a good price. Why not hold it till next month? You understand where I'm 
coming from? It's just that kind of unusua l situation. It's not something that you need to worry 
about. It'll go back to what you're used to. 
For example, if you're not adequately booked for that date, you know you have a certain forex 
booking policy, you have a certain import export booking policy. So there was an aberration 
because of the exchange rate differential on the last day of the year. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dev Gulwani from Care PMS. Please go ahead. 
Dev Gulwani: Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Can you give the breakup of the 120 crore capex? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: Not beyond what we've already put in the public domain because if you see in the public domain 
we have already explained the 200 crore capex which will happen over next 18 months and the 
various projects that it's to, and in that last meeting outcome, we also announced that we would 
spend up to INR40 crores on land. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 13 of 16 
 
So I mean, you know, you need to factor all that in that it's a total announcement of 240 crores. 
To be honest, it's not 120, 120 is just for this year. So it'll have no meaning, supposing I tell you 
these machines are coming but the furniture is coming in  the next financial year in January 
because we don't need it till now. 
Fundamentally it is 90% for machines and 10% for infrastructure and building and plant.  
Dev Gulwani:  What will be the maintenance capex, or does this also include the maintenance capex?  
Harshbeena Zaveri: No, the maintenance capex is part of our normal c apex, okay? We spend 10% of our turnover 
on a combination of maintenance, quality, new produc t development, and small -small capex 
improvements, which could be for balancing the lines.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pavan Kumar from Ratna Traya Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Pavan Kumar: Ma'am, I wanted to understand by when can we scale up our industrial business to a meaningful 
proportion of our entire revenues ? That is like , let's say at some 20%.  And also on the, I 
understand a substantial part of our exports is from Europe, so the US sorry, Europe FTA deal 
doesn't make any kind of difference in terms of our competitiveness with r espect to the other 
competitors? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: What is the second question? I heard your first question, you want to know how long it will take 
for the industrial to be 20%? So it's very hard for me to predict because you know this year the 
automotive industry just grew so exponentially, right?  
Our industrial business is already approximately 14% to 15%. So if the automotive industry had 
not grown so much, we would have been able to give more capacity. See the industrial business 
also includes tractors and farm equipment. You have to also keep that in mind, you know? 
And, and globally that is how it is. Because also the companies that make tractor and farm 
equipment like John Deere and you know, they also make road rollers and they also make, right, 
cement concrete mixers and things like that.  
So 20%, I mean I can just give you a ballpark and say I'll do it in three years, but what if the 
automotive industry just springs back? Then just because it's a pie, right, it might slow down. 
But if the automotive industry goes slower then automaticall y this grows faster. But our aim is 
to have it as 20% to 25% of our business, if that's your question. 
Pavan Kumar: Okay ma'am. And are the capacities between industrial and automotive, are they fungible or it 
doesn't work that way at all? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: Flexible between the capacity? Yes, yes, they are. They are. In fact if you read our joint venture 
declaration, it says that 20% of the capacity of the joint venture, it is I'm not sure if it is in the 
public domain but I think it is, that 20% of the capacity may be used for automotive if automotive 
suddenly requires it. Because even today 20% of our or 25% of our current automotive capacity 
is being used. There is flexibility in the products we've chosen. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Zaki Nasser, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Zaki Nasser: Ma'am, congratulations on a very healthy year ending for NRB. If we could shift slightly from 
the number part of it to see for the past three years from where NRB was to how it looks today, 
it's been it's been a drastic transformation. 
What do you foresee the company three years hence, ma'am? I mean if you could give a 
qualitative and what you would want NRB to seem or what, what you would want it to look like 
three years from now, ma'am? Thanks. 
Harshbeena Zaveri: So, as I mentioned in a five -year timeframe we would be around 2,500 crores. I did mention it 
as an aspirational goal but to be honest more and more as we do our homework and we are seeing 
the business come in, it is more and more becoming our concrete goal. 
Definitely we see this number panning out . If we have strategic joint ventures that allow us to 
enter more import substitution products in India which we are in discussion with all over the 
world with some key players for bearings that are not really manufactured right now in India. 
Because with the BIS and the push of the government of India there's a huge opportunity and 
most of the multinationals they're selling this as traded products because they cannot put capacity 
down where they when they already have excess capacity in some other part of the world. 
But we are a company that can flexibly manufacture smaller volumes in a profitable way. So 
there's a huge opportunity to take this 2,500 crores in the next five years which as I said is an 
aspirational goal increasingly becoming a concretized goal to even more. 
Zaki Nasser: Fantastic. And ma'am, see bearings again as you mentioned is a very specialized thing. I mean 
people like us understand bearings to be a very commoditized product. So, would you also go a 
step ahead in maybe transforming NRB into a specialized fine engineering kind of a company? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: Tell me more about what you mean exactly. 
Zaki Nasser: Meaning that when you make a fine bearing, I mean there is something which goes a little 
beyond a bearing, something which is attached to the bearing or something which pertains to the 
mechanism surrounding the bearing. 
Harshbeena Zaveri: No, if you're talking about adjacent space, we're already doing that. For example, we make 
products that go along with bearings which other bearing producers don't make that makes the 
entire bearing more efficient and it also makes it easier for our customer to buy it all. 
For example, for the two-wheeler industry NRB is one of the global leaders of a product called 
crankpin. No other bearing company made it, some of them have started doing it only following 
us, but mostly they buy it out or something. But we make it as a core in-house product. 
Because when you put the big -end bearing with the crankpin in the connecting rod application 
and the crankshaft and you get far more high performance and less failure. So definitely yes 
because a bearing company is making a product that a bearing company doesn't generally make. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Similarly, Daimler asked us to make a range of pins that they actually buy for example from 
random other companies that are from different, different spaces saying that we want to buy all 
our high precision products which are of bearing calibre from NRB. So definitely the answer is 
yes to what you're asking. We're already doing this and we'll do more and more of it.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sam arth Nagpal from Surana Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Samarth Nagpal: Hi, congratulations ma'am for a great year.  Taking it forward from the previous participant , I 
just have a couple of questions.  
You have clearly explained how does the future look for us.  But right now, being conservative 
as well do you see any risk coming for us because we have been coming off a very prolonged 
period wherein, we had a lot of headwinds internally? So do you see any risk coming in for us 
in the next three to four years which can derail our plan? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: I mean, nothing beyond what other companies or the environment faces , as we don't have any 
internal risk whatsoever. As you know, we have completely free to grow as and how we want 
and we have me, a significantly large owner along with a very forward-looking board. 
And I think that the world may have lots of challenges but we're in a better place to face those 
challenges. We have a very strong management team and I believe we should be able to navigate 
the challenges that the world throws. We also have a mindset that loves challenge with a lot of 
resilience, as you've noticed how we spring back. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: Firstly in the backdrop of the current business environment and setup especially with the type of 
shortages people are especially the equipment, auto automotive players are witnessing because 
of plastics and then the metal part and then the shipment issue. 
How are how is our company as well as the product where we are in placed that that we may or 
may not be disturbed in terms of the supply chains issues that automotive industry is currently 
facing? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: We explained in the speech that we're in a better position than others to handle this. And that's 
why our inventory is optimized in this manner. 
Saket Kapoor: My second question is, ma'am , with respect to the incremental volumes for this current year, 
since you have mentioned that you are already running at optimum, are we anticipa ting any 
volume growth for FY '26 to FY '27 If you could just elaborate wherein, what should we be 
pensioning in terms of the volume growth? 
Harshbeena Zaveri: I already explained to you that our capacities have started coming in and we will be handling the 
market requirements. 
Moderator: Thank You. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
        NRB Bearings Limited 
  May 11, 2026 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Harshbeena Zaveri: Thank you so much. I really appreciate all the questions. They are extremely interesting and 
have us thinking and energized and I also thank you for your patience. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of NRB Bearings Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
(This transcript has been edited, without altering the content, to ensure clarity and improve readability.) 
 