
===== PAGE 1 =====
                                                                
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
CIN : L29307GJ2010PLC063233 
Corporate & Registered Office: Sarkhej - Bavla Road, Changodar, Ahmedabad, Sanand - 382213, Gujarat, India. 
Tel.: +91-2717-618200   Fax: +91-2717-618259   E-mail: sec@harshaengineers.com   URL: www.harshaengineers.com 
HEIL/SE-64/2025-26 
 
February 11, 2026 
 
To, To, 
The Manager (Listing), The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy  Towers, "Exchange Plaza", C-l, Block - G, 
Dalal Street, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400 051 
Script Code No. : 543600 Symbol : HARSHA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub   :     Transcript of Earning Call for the quarter and nine-month ended December 31, 2025  
Ref   :     Regulation   30   of   SEBI   (Listing   Obligations   and   Disclosure   Requirements) 
                Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to subject matter and pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI ((Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earning call for 
the quarter and nine month  ended December  31, 2025 conducted after the meeting of Board of 
Directors held on February 5, 2026. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.harshaengineers.com 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED  
 
 
 
Kiran Mohanty 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
MEM NO. : F9907 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Harsha Engineers International Limited 
Q3 FY ‘26 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL RANGWALA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED 
 MR. MAULIK JASANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR-STRATEGIC ADVISOR- 
HARSHA ENGINEERS  INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
  
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '26 Harsha Engineers International 
Limited Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in a listen -only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator via pressing 
star then zero on your dashed-in phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I would now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala, CEO of Harsha Engineers 
International Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Rangwala: Hello all. A warm welcome to our Q3 FY '26 investor call. As usual, I will ask Mr. Maulik 
Jasani, our CFO, to take us through numbers in greater details, later on. However, I'm assuming 
that you would have had a chance to look at that already. 
 First and foremost, let me start with overall, I'm really happy to note that macro level, quite a 
few positive events have happened, which has defini tely improved overall market sentiment. 
This would include India, U.K. FTA followed by FTAs with a few other countries and a very 
positive India, EU FTA recently concluded. To top it all much awaited India -U.S. trade 
agreement. 
 Again, with some strong dir ectional push in capex, plus long -term tax holidays announced in 
certain key segments in the last budget, we are all fairly confident that India can sustain a good 
GDP growth rate of around 7% in coming years. 
 As you would have observed from our numbers, at the outset, I'm happy to report that quarter 3 
FY '26 performance is broadly in line with our expectation, except for a slight blip in the form 
of below par performance in Romania. Our India Engineering business, comprising of our 
company plus our wholl y-owned subsidiary, Harsha Advantek has continued to show a strong 
performance both in top line as well as bottom line, notwithstanding the fact that Harsha 
Advantek, which has commissioned its greenfield facility in current financial year has reported 
losses at the PAT level, primarily owing to impact of higher interest and depreciation. 
 Further, as you would have seen, we had to make a onetime provision of around INR5.97 crores 
in quarter 3 in India for additional gratuity and leave encashment to give ef fect of the changes 
made by the new labo ur code made effective by the government in quarter 3 FY '26. This is a 
onetime exceptional provision required to be made retrospectively in quarter 3. 
 Our India Engineering business has reported a 17.4% revenue gro wth in Q3 on a Y -o-Y basis. 
If we normalize the effect of onetime exceptional provision, then our India Engineering business 
operating EBITDA margin has shown a healthy 23.8%, though the reported EBITDA is at 
21.7%. As mentioned earlier, this is after abso rbing net loss of INR3.7 crores in Harsha 
Advantek in quarter 3. We expect a much stronger revenue performance in Harsha Advantek 
subsidiary in quarter 4, which should increase the EBITDA and reduce the Q4 loss in Advantek 
subsidiary. 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
 Talking of outsourcing of cages in our India Engineering business, we are steadily growing in 
this segment owing to a combination of favorable factors. If I talk of cage demand in India, the 
same is on rise, and we continue to have a dominant market share across a variety of customers. 
We have started supplies to a lot of our customers, new facility in India, which caters to various 
world markets. 
 Our export from India are also gradually going up with EU continuing to show revival in 
industrial demand for cages, though wind demand is still not picking up in Europe. I believe that 
with the favorable FTAs, the demand should go up in Europe in coming quarters. In this regard, 
large-sized cages have continued to show a strong performance, having achieved sales of around 
INR39 crores in 9 months period up to December '25 as against INR31 crores achieved in the 
corresponding previous year 9 months. 
 Pace of new product development continues to be strong at around 123 SKU up to quarter 3 or 
only in quarter 3, resulting at 382 SKUs for the 9 months for the period ending December '25.  
Again, if you see our other growth drivers, I'm happy to report that Bronze Bushing business has 
continued its strong growth trajectory, reaching a sales revenue figure of about INR92 crores in 
9 months, ending in December '25. Thus, as per our earlier estimate, we are on track to achieve 
about 30%-plus growth Y-o-Y basis in this segment. 
 If I talk stamping, while there was a blip in Q2 due to some seasonal impact on consumer goods 
segment. They are again catching up in Q3 and stood at the overall revenue for 9 months stood 
at INR41 crores up to December. I expect stamping sales to further grow in coming quarters due 
to a few new stamp components, which are under development, which are likely to be 
commercialized in next financial year. 
 Lastly, while sales growth to Japanese customer is slow, it is still a positive direction. We a re 
confident that though this is taking longer time, there is no dilution in our efforts, as well as the 
opportunity for a significant growth in our market share with our Japanese customers. 
 Talking about overseas subsidiaries, I'm glad to state that Harsha China has continued to report 
a consistent steady performance, resulting into maintaining a decent profitability and a growth 
trajectory. In fact, you would have seen in our disclosure made by us in the to the stock 
exchanges. We have firmed up a brownf ield expansion plan in China at the outlay of 
approximately USD 9.94 million for expanding cage manufacturing capacity in China with 
primary focus of steel cages. 
 The logic of this expansion is that there is a good demand for steel cages in China, primari ly in 
industrial segment. We believe that we can significantly improve our market penetration in this 
segment in China if we increase our cage manufacturing capacity in China as a local player, 
which is essential not only for our existing key MNC customer present in China, but also for 
local Chinese bearing manufacturers who can be serviced if we have adequate steel cage capacity 
in China. 
 We will fund this expansion primarily through debt and then up to maybe 70% to 80%, or rather, 
we will fund this by bo rrowing locally and balance of it would be funded through equity 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
contribution from Harsha India. The expansion will be implemented at our existing site as a 
brownfield expansion, and we intend to make this operational before end of financial year '28. 
 In this quarter, we again saw Romania's performance coming under pressure, primarily owing 
to a steep increase in copper prices globally, which could not be passed on to the customer 
immediately as there is a lag. This has resulted into an operating loss a t Romania and the 
combined net loss of our foreign subsidiary stood at around INR3.98 crores in quarter 3, and for 
9 months, it stood at INR6.09 crores in 9 months or year-to-date. 
 However, we still remain confident about Romania likely to do better in coming quarter because 
of our consistent and conscious shift and focus on the finished cage business, customer 
diversification as well as cost control strategies under implementation. 
 Talking of our solar business, the solar division has reported a strong performance in quarter 3, 
reporting a top line revenue of around INR59 crores and EBITDA of around 9%. However, I 
mentioned earlier, this is an order -driven business, and overall performance in the current 
financial year will be good and continuous positive contribution. This division is continuing the 
positive contribution to overall business. 
 Lastly, I feel very confident that we'll continue to perform well in quarter 4 in this segment as 
well, and we should be able to achieve overall guidance given in -- for financial year 2026. More 
importantly, we feel that we are on a good trajectory for next financial year and hope to continue 
this direction. However, we would prefer to give our overall guidance for FY '27 at the time of 
quarter 4 FY '26 annual results call. 
 Now I transfer over to Maulik, who will take us through numbers in a little bit more detail. Over 
to you, Maulik. 
Maulik Jasani: Thank you, Vishal, for the overall business overview. Good afternoon, everyone. As you would 
have noticed, for the quarter ended December '25, our engineering business at consolidated level 
have achieved a top line of INR350 crores against the INR363 crores top line in the immediate 
previous quarter and INR302 crores top line in the same quarter last year. 
 We have achieved consolidated EBITDA for Engineering segment of INR58.6 crores against 
the reported EBITDA of INR63 crores in the last quarter and INR48.2 crores in the previous 
quarter. However, adjusted EBITDA is of INR64.3 crores in this quarter after a djusting the 
onetime provision impact of the new labour code. 
 Increasing trend in metal prices, especially copper and lag in raw material pass -through has 
impacted our EBITDA margin and PAT compared to last quarter. Also our new greenfield sites 
at Bavla has reported a net loss, as Vishal has mentioned, due to the first year operations. We 
have also capitalized the second building in our Bhayla sites in the last quarter. 
 Both foreign subsidiaries have jointly contributed EBITDA loss also of around INR51 lakhs at 
a total level of both foreign subsidiaries. Solar business, as mentioned, has achieved a revenue 
of INR59.7 crores with an EBITDA of INR5.5 crores. Overall, working capital cycle at 
consolidated level is around 140 days against 146 days in the prev ious quarter and 145 days in 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
the last year same quarter. We have incurred capex of INR32 crores in the last quarter and 
cumulative capex of around INR100 crores in the last 3 quarters in the current financial year. 
 With this brief note on the financial nu mbers, I request operator to take the Q&A from the 
participants. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much . The first question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Harshit Patel: Firstly, on the India Engineering business, this was the second consecutive quarter of a very 
strong growth wherein we have done a mid-double digit to a high double-digit kind of a growth 
in this business. Could you highlight which are the factors, some of the end user industry, which 
have drove this performance?  Also, if you could give us a flavor on pricing versus volume 
growth mix within this 17% growth that we have posted in this quarter, that will be very helpful? 
Vishal Rangwala: One, Harshit, from our point of view for us, the geogra phy point of view, India is doing very 
well, as well as Europe, as I mentioned earlier, and both are driving overall growth for us being 
a very big segment for us. This growth is primarily we are seeing it's purely quantity -driven 
growth. We are seeing a v olume growth. As yet, I think in the last  I mean, quarter 3, we don't 
see any material impact or pass -through, which has materialized, so which will happen in the 
current quarter. 
 Overall, India, we are seeing strong demand across all segments, industrial  as well as 
automotive. Overall, globally, we are seeing industrial segment slowly improving, which was in 
a negative cycle over the last 1.5 years, 2, so which is recovering is how we look at it. That's 
how we are seeing it. For us, also positive is bushi ng growth and stamping business growth, 
which are largely domestic focused. That also supports India growing overall very well. That is 
also supporting. 
Sanjay Majmudar: Just to quickly add one thing. This year, if you see, there is also a growth in export s. In the last 
couple of years that India was growing domestically, but exports were pulling us down a bit. 
Now export is also showing about 10% growth. That is helping us showing a much better growth 
number at India level. 
Harshit Patel: Secondly, on the capex that you have announced in China, we have announced a capex worth 
about $10 million, which is a pretty significant number. Now, given that we are still operating 
at about 55% capacity utilization over there. Do you see that the demand is going to be very 
strong in the near term and that is why we are expanding, we are sort of trying to pre-empt the 
demand over here? 
 Also, if you could give some flavor on when we would have expanded this capacity. On that 
new scale and size of the plant, what would be  the maximum revenues we can do at the China 
level, maybe in FY '29 because FY '28 is where your expansion will get completed. At that scale, 
what kind of revenues and EBITDA margins we are able to do slightly longer -term broader 
question, but any outlook on that will be very helpful? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. Again, in China, there are a couple of things happening, as I mentioned. We have a 
significant brass capacity located locally in China. However, when it comes to industrial steel 
cages, we don't have any local capacity. We are seeing industrial segment grow and our ability 
to participate and get some share of business significantly changes when we are a local 
manufacturer there. That's the what is primarily driving this capacity expansion. 
 Within China, what we are doing is so there  is some amount of brass capacity also expansion 
part of this expansion plan. Now in this investment, a big chunk, about 40% -plus is 
infrastructure, which includes building and a few basic infrastructure we need to build to actually 
house a lot of our dedicated capacity there. That is a big chunk of this investment. Then we are 
adding cage capacity, as I mentioned, primarily in the steel industrial side, where we are seeing 
a good demand and growth and opportunity to penetrate local markets. That's the rationale. 
 From a number point of view, it will be very difficult to give you a very precise number. Having 
said that, we are looking at for the piece or for the equipment, which we are going to install, we 
are expecting at full maturity, it should give around 2x. 
Maulik Jasani: Around 2x turnover. 
Vishal Rangwala: Current revenues will be double. We are looking at the 2x overall revenue in China when the 
full maturity of all this capacity takes place. Now that still leaves us with additional infrastructure 
for further expansion because we are doing a full infrastructure expansion right now. We are 
keeping space to accommodate any growth opportunity comes our way in a different segment 
and so on. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Amit from PL Capital. 
Amit: My question again on China, what is the understanding the rationale to expand? You're 
penetrating completely local, this 2x sales, which you're trying to achieve by F '29, F '30? 
Vishal Rangwala: It's a combination of our existing customer as well as local. We are seeing opportunity to get 
better market share through localization even in our existing customer base, as well as some of 
the access to customers is not available if we are supplying out of India. We are cr eating that. 
It's a combination of both, local customer, as well as our global MNC customer increasing the 
wallet share with them. 
Maulik Jasani: Just to add there, Amit, in the specific industrial segment, there are areas where in China, there 
is only 1 o r 2 local suppliers, and there is no major suppliers available. Hence, even the local 
bearing manufacturers need reliable and consistent suppliers as alternate suppliers and there 
where we have a great opportunity to even capture the local manufacturing be aring companies 
in the industrial segment of the steel cages. 
Amit: Is there anything, like with the existing customer, you'll be able to utilize maybe 50%, 60% of 
what you're installing? Any ballpark or it is still open that once the... 
Maulik Jasani: There is definitely great dialogues. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Vishal Rangwala: No, we don't have a clear commitment. However, we have a good engagement and discussion 
going on, and some portion of capacity will definitely go towards supporting our existing 
customer and a bigger wallet share of their demand. 
Amit: Are we confident of margins having from the past experience in China. What is we are looking 
for in terms of margins or something with this expansion? Probably looking at the past, we have 
seen challenges with our international subsidiaries anyways. 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. We will definitely, we are confident that at the right revenue level, we will improve our 
existing EBITDA in China. We are definitely trying to -- we see a better margin possibility here. 
That's also one of the incentive for us to go there. Also, there is a scale -- need of scale at China 
level, which will also help us create operating leverage, improve our margins even on the 
existing portfolio as well. 
Amit: Again, on this thing, you said somewhere in your commentary, wind demand is not picking up 
in Europe. I think is there any implication for Bushing's business that there might be some 
challenge because I think you have written it is growing strong, but I'm just trying to understand 
from what you mean to say by wind demand... 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. I think our Bushing business is focused on replacement -driven concept. That's why that is 
continuing to grow in spite of Europe wind not doing as well as we expect. However, we are 
some significant portion of our Romania facility is supporting wind market, which is not as the 
wind market overall in Europe is not doing that great, and that's the reference I was kind of 
mentioning there. We don't see that as correlated. 
 At the full conversion majority, the Bushing business will follow the wind market, what is going 
on in wind market, but having said that, right now, we are in a very different phase when it 
comes to Bush, where the focus is on whatever is the existing wind application converting into 
Bushing, and that will drive the growth. 
Amit: Lastly, on Romania, you said this quarter was impacted by commodity prices and probably that 
might continue in 4Q. What is that we are looking at now, Romania, last time, I think there was 
some recovery there and you highlighted that time. Now with this challenge, what's the outlook 
for next 1 or 2 quarters in Romania? 
Vishal Rangwala: I think I will not be able to exactly say how it's going. There is a lot of volatility in the commodity 
market. We do have a pass -through mechanism. We have a quarter -to-quarter impact and 
correction. I mean, not knowing future, but what we have seen so far so there's a significant 
volatility. That there is a risk and a concern remains. 
 Having said that, as I mentioned earlier that our i mprovement program is going on. We are 
improving the revenue and the product portfolio, doing more cages and so on, which is taking 
traction. Apart from this specific challenge, I think if you look at comparison on the revenue 
side over last year similar quarter, we have grown and we have improved our product portfolio. 
We are not at all where we need to be, so we are continuing to work on that and evaluate the 
situation, engage with customers and see where we -- what's the right path going forward on 
this. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: Firstly, if you could just reiterate for the sake of repetition also on the guidance front on what is 
the likelihood for us to exit FY '26, firstly? 
Sanjay Majmudar : We had, Saket, said that we will be in terms of growth a little over 10% overall. This Q4 should 
also continue the same run rate with maybe a little bit marginal improvement, so let's see. That's 
what the guidance was. We are, I think, on track. We should be okay. 
Saket Kapoor: On the margin front also on the stand-alone business reported 23%... 
Sanjay Majmudar : Margin will be better, and we are aiming at in the EBITDA range as we had talked about and 
the PAT range reaching -- taking the last Q3 run rate and then slightly improving our Q4, we 
should have a much better bottom line growth in FY '26 as compared to FY '25. 
Saket Kapoor: No, sir. The EBITDA margin we have for the stand -alone business for 23.4%, that is what we 
have reported. We are confident on... 
Sanjay Majmudar: See, what happens, there is always a quarterly lag between the commodity prices and the selling 
prices. We said India level consistently, we should be in the range of 22%, 23%. Then a little bit 
of impact o f Advantek will be a little lower as compared to Q3 this year in terms of loss. So 
some losses will be there in Advantek . It will not completely breakeven. It should break even 
from next year. 
 The turnover is steadily increasing. So there will be further increase in turnover of Advantek in 
Q4 as Vishal said. There are quite a bit of moving pieces, But I believe this we should be reaching 
the targeted PAT level in the range of around, say, maybe INR145 crores or so. Let us see. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir if we split  our three parts , if you could just give the 9 monthly performance for sales and 
profitability for Romania, China as well as Advantek separately, just if you could give the 
number. Then, sir, on the Romania part of the story, if I remember correctly, we we re about to 
discuss and articulate the strategy or restructuring for the unit wherein better deliverables from 
the same can be derived. Where are we, sir, in terms of that? 
Maulik Jasani: On the numbers, we have already given numbers in our investor presentation for India 
Engineering business and foreign subsidiaries performance. You may refer our investor 
presentation, there you will find the numbers.  On the Romania story, yes, our focus is still on 
the same side on enhancing our cage proposals compa red to our current casting proposals and 
the dialogue is already on with the customer. 
Saket Kapoor: I was looking for the split between the China and the Romania business separately and the 
Advantek. Can you have that all 3 separate numbers? 
Sanjay Majmudar: I'll tell you. As a matter of strategy, in the past, we are always giving a combined number at the 
foreign subsidiary level. You will see that the loss was about INR6 crores in the 9-month period 
at the foreign subsidiary level. I believe that there could be a little reduction in Q4 in terms of 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
combined loss, but you may take a combined loss in the range of maybe around INR8 crores for 
the year-end for the foreign subsidiaries. 
 About Advantek, we have given the loss figure, it was INR370 lakhs in the Q3. It should reduce 
in Q4, but it will still be at a loss level. I think exact number, we will not be able to give, but this 
is already given the way we have explained actually. 
Saket Kapoor: 2 small points. In your presentation, you have mentioned about and earlier also about this lower 
offtake from your Japanese customer. If you could just allude to us where are we in terms of the 
deliverables and the order booking from the Japanese concerned? Then, sir, in the slide, we have 
mentioned about this diversification in precision stamp and bushing components. This stamping 
is also attributed to the bushing part of the story or we are separately doing stamping of other 
tools also? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes, we are doing beyond bearing cages and bushing, we also suppl y stamping components to 
our customers, which are automotive as well as consumer goods and some industrial goods and 
so on. 
Maulik Jasani: Stamping is separate than bushing. 
Sanjay Majmudar : Yes. Stamping is a very different -- yes, it is an extension of our capability for manufacturing 
steel cages, which is a stamping process, but we have developed some very special components, 
like railway, steel or compressor, special type of compressor stamping, etc., which is extension 
of our technology skill set into  a little diversified field, but keeping the same value addition in 
mind, that we will not do business below 20%-21%. We are not doing me too kind of a situation. 
But bushing is a replacement for bearings in the gearbox, windmill gearbox. It's a very different 
application. 
Saket Kapoor: Just to over the stamping apart, this should be in the Advantek unit we are doing or it is in the 
older plants, or something? 
Vishal Rangwala: Both. We have in existing and Advantek also, may we have created additional capacity for 
bushing and large-sized cases. 
Saket Kapoor: Lastly, if you could just give us your message for your investors. We got listed in 2022, so we 
were spared from what happened in COVID in terms of valuation. Even if we had taken into 
account, the vagaries of the market, the business environment, geopolitical issues, every aspect, 
shareholders have no -- value creation has not happened for your investors. That is including the 
promoters, who hold 3/4 of the equity. We have seen on the deliverable fr ont. What else and 
how quickly would this translate into value creation for us in terms of consistent, profitable, 
predictable growth for the organization? If sir would just throw some insight on the same? 
Sanjay Majmudar: Saket, you are right in what you have observed, but also please appreciate that macro level 
factors are beyond our control. At every single point in time, we have been very transparently 
communicating with the shareholders and investors that what is the current status with 35% of 
my business coming from Europe globally and Europe going down and then the geopolitical 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
tensions with all this, I think we have done very well in terms of quickly going to the drawing 
board, reworking our strategies and trying to grow and trying to maintain a decent growth. 
 I think I don't want to speak more, but it seems that this year was much better than last year and 
now next year will still be better. Our job is to be transparent about what the current state of 
affairs is, what is our strategy and how we want to keep the company on the growth path. Market 
is something which nobody knows and we can't control. That's all. We will do our work  and 
we'll be very communicative about what we want to always transparently feel as correct. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Manish Goyal from ThinQWise Wealth Managers. 
Manish Goyal: Congratulations on very good set of numbers. A couple of questions. First, if you can give us 
the revenue breakup for your new businesses, Bronze Bushing, stamping, Large Size and Japan-
based customers for 9 months current year and comparable numbers of last year? 
Maulik Jasani: Yes. I think, Manish, that was covered in Vishal's commentary. Let me repeat it for your easy 
reference. Large Size cages, we did 9 months INR39 crores around versus last year same 9 
months, it was around INR31 crores. Japanese customers is around INR51.5 crores against 
INR50 crores rough in the last year, so almost stagnant. Stamping, we did around INR39 crores 
and INR41.2 crores in this year, while the bushing around INR74 crores, INR75 crores last year 
versus INR92 crores this year for 9 months. 
Manish Goyal: Related question is that roughly, if I do the math, it is contributing 21% of your revenue all these 
3, 4 categories. How do we see this going for ward over a period of next 2 years and 3 years or 
maybe what kind of visibility we have? Can it probably this business can double in 2 years? That 
was first question. Second, also question is on the cages business that independently, how do we 
see growth rate in the cages business? 
Vishal Rangwala: I don't have a very precise double-up number like that, but these are our focused growth drivers 
where we see good opportunity. That's why we keep on mentioning the numbers and sometimes 
we don't do as well as we  expect. Having said that, we expect a very good growth in all this 
segment. It may happen that one segment may falter for a while or something like that. Across 
all the segments, we have signed a lot of new supply agreements with our customers, and we 
feel that they are on a good growth trajectory and realization will happen soon. 
 On the cage side, we see that as a product very strong growth continuing. It's basically what we 
offer to our customer in terms of cages is a very unique proposition, and we are fairly confident 
that what we bring to the table will bring us that additional growth. We are seeing also -- that is 
also driven by our existing business, which was supplied into Europe or U.S. or other locations, 
how those cages are doing. However, in In dia, it is doing very well, continues to grow, and we 
feel fairly confident overall about cage business as well. 
Sanjay Majmudar: Just to add, large-size cage actually is a subset of our cage outsourcing for a simple reason. It's 
carved out separately because it was a relatively low wallet share before 5 years, just 0.5%, 1%. 
Now we are targeting it maybe at least 5% to 7%, and that' s one area which is growing very 
well. That's very much a part of outsourcing. I think overall, all the Japanese customers also say, 
our wallet share with them was 1% or 2%. We are targeting at least 5% to 10% in next 2, 3 years. 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
These are within the bigger subset of outsourcing, these are the carved out subsets with specific 
focus. 
Manish Goyal: You did mention that the new product development is gaining pace. I would like to get a 
perspective as to are we gaining market share with your customers and the resourcing, you said, 
started supplies to the customers' new facilities in India. How should we look at it that probably 
next year, we can look for a double-digit growth overall for the company? 
Vishal Rangwala: For us, product under development or developm ent is a leading indicator. What that means is 
that customer is continuing to give us product, which we will develop and commercialization of 
such product may take anywhere between 6 months to 2 to 3 years depending on how customer 
is approaching. In case customer will decide sometimes that only when you complete the 
complete portfolio that we will start commercialization and so on. Basically, we mentioned that 
as an indicator that our pipeline is strong, and that's the case. 
 Now, in terms of doubling the growth, I think it depends on a variety of factors. It depends on 
how the industry is doing, as well as how the new projects come online. We are very hopeful 
and confident that good revenue growth is in pipeline, but it depends on all those factors. It's 
difficult to exactly put a number to all that. 
Sanjay Majmudar: Next year, we will go for a double -digit growth, correct? As I said, definitely, that is a target, 
but we want to give you a little more precise guidance based on certain new development, we'll 
come back to you at the end of Q4. 
Manish Goyal: Particularly on the margins, what India, the stand-alone engineering margins, what we have seen 
for engineering business at roughly 25% for this quarter. Is this sustainable going forward? Also 
in context with now that steel prices have started inching up, copper prices are inching up. How 
should we look into it? 
Maulik Jasani: Usually, Manish, we have said that our margins should be tracked on the absolute front, 
considering there is a material pass -through impact impacting the percentage, either on the 
upward side or downward side as the case may be or according to which cycles we are going 
into. Our suggestion is the same. Please track our absolute margin improvement, and we are 
confident to improve that margin definitely year-over-year, as well as quarter-over-quarter. 
Manish Goyal: Maulik, sir, what is the time lag for you to pass on the cost? Is it on monthly revised review or? 
Maulik Jasani:                      Usually, we decide as a 3 months is the period and with 1 month as a lagging. 4 months total                
lag. Again, customer-to-customer, it varies. On an average, you can consider as a 4 months. 
Manish Goyal: Right, sir. Are we seeing any immediate benefits from the FTAs what India has signed with U.K. 
and EU. Also, now with tariff coming down in U.S., how should we see the prospects going 
forward? 
Vishal Rangwala: Obviously, the export demand will pick up. That's our expectation. There is no direct linkages, 
but definitely, there is a linkage, and considering that our product is a multi -usage product and 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
multi-industry usage product, we can't identify the exit end-to-end benefit. Yes, we see that as a 
positive outcome for our business line. 
Maulik Jasani: Just to add, on U.S.  front, our share was not very big anyway in U.S., around 8%, 9%. To that 
extent, we were rather sort of neutral or agnostic to that. 
Manish Goyal: Last question on the new facility, now we have started the second building, we capitalized the 
second building as well. What kind of ramp -up we see? What kind of utilization visibility we 
see from it next year? Can it revert to company level margins next full-year? 
Vishal Rangwala: Our anticipation is to do it early, but as we have committed, any new capex usually takes 2 years 
to reach to the peak, and we are on the same track. We don't see anything lagging there. 
Manish Goyal: Just a clarification. This Q3 presentation, the international revenue share has been restated for 
the quarter 2 FY '26. Any reason for that? Was there a typo errors? 
Maulik Jasani: Some arithmetical error. 
Maulik Jasani: In the last quarter, we made some arithmetical error, we have just corrected it. 
Manish Goyal: Because even Q1 has a very higher share of international revenue.  Maybe if you can provide 
that clarification. 
Vishal Rangwala: That's what Q1 and Q2, there was an arithmetical error. The base number has been corrected 
now, and that's the reason. Previous years were correct. 
Manish Goyal: Yes. I get the numbers from you. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jaymin from Ardeko Asset Managers. 
Jaymin: One is the European demand. Just wanted to understand on the European demand front, any new 
programs for the RFQ advancing toward the prototype for the validation  stage or any new 
program wins for the global sourcing mandate, which provides comfort for our sustainable 
double-digit growth for the near term? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. From a customer engagement and all those point of view, I mean, we continue to respond 
to RFQ, but for us, the RFQ through realization cycle is pretty long. What we see is, what our 
customer is asking us to develop, which becomes a more better benchmark in terms of how 
growth is coming, how things look like. That has remained strong in spite of whatever we have 
seen last 1 to 1.5 years, that part of it has remained strong. 
 We are engaged on a few additional RFQs, additional opportunities, but it depends on those 
projects get decided based on a variety of factors, and it's not just in our hand  or our 
competitiveness. It's a macro level, big projects, which depends on how our customers are 
approaching a variety of things. Overall, I would say, it remains positive without saying that 
that's not a very accurate indication for us. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Jaymin: On the sa les to your Japanese customer, it stagnant on a YTD basis. Is it more of a slower 
program ramp-up from the customer side? Or is it like a technical delay from our side? 
Vishal Rangwala: It's a little bit of both. As I was mentioning that there were  last quarter, I mentioned that there 
were some programs which got delayed at our end. Then some of it was demand and delay from 
customer end so on. It was a combination, and we are very hopeful that we'll come back on track. 
Maulik Jasani: Also adding, Jaymin, there are also the global queues had over there. Because of the global 
uncertainty, customer was also delaying their long-term calls of transferring or enhancing their 
supply chain outside their comfort zone. We see that the things are settling down in global side. 
These things will ramp up now. 
Jaymin: We understand, I mean, Advantek front, I mean it will take 2 years to reach optimum mix. If 
you just help us, I mean, how your scale -up looks like for next year, I mean for the next year 
itself? How should w e think about that? I mean is there any delay on the customer validation 
front? Anything on that color front? 
Maulik Jasani: No, things are online, Jaymin, but considering this is a new plant and at an early stage, give us 
a quarter or 2 quarters more wher e we will be able to give a better guideline considering the 
customers' acceptance and approval stage over there. Yes, as we said, we see that we are on the 
same track of achieving the optimum level within 2 years or around in 2 years from our 
capitalization. We see that ramp -up will comes and it will come faster stage once we get the 
approvals. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jason from IDBI Capital. 
Jason: First question just pertains to when I just take the consol minus stand -alone, so y ou get the 
subsidiary numbers. When you look at it, the loss is around INR157 million. Now I understand 
even this quarter, INR4 crores loss is from the Advantek and INR4 crores losses from the 
overseas subsidiaries. That is how it is panning out. Just in l ight of the same, just wanted some 
color on '26 is almost done, so '27, how should it look when you look at -- even you look at 
Advantek and you look at the overseas subsidiaries, how do you look at it? How does this loss 
thing should go ahead or some profitability? Just some color on these 2 aspects wanted. I wanted 
from you. 
Sanjay Majmudar: Jason, I think some arithmetic I want to clarify before Vishal or Maulik moves on. At the 
subsidiary level, as I said, the loss for 9 months is about INR6 crores, correct? Advantek, as you 
could see, we have already given the figure that Advantek was around INR9 crores. That is how 
you are looking at INR15 crores, right, for 9 months. INR15 crores, right? 
Jason: No. When you look at the complete subsidiary loss, just for -- so my number, what I said  was 
INR157 million was for 9 months, okay? That's a PAT number I'm looking at. INR157 million 
loss, okay? Simple consol minus standalone. Reported PAT. Now let's not confuse, but I 
understand it's a combination of Advantek loss and the overseas subsidiaries loss. This is what 
predominantly is 80%, 90% of the thing. Just wanted to know how this should go to '26? '26 is 
almost done. '27, how do you look at these 2 factors playing out? How should we look at it? 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Maulik Jasani: That's what we said, we will give a better guidance on '26 in the quarter 4 year -end, but just to 
give some heads up that obviously, Advantek turn positive. China continues to grow in the same 
territory with a better margin. Romania, our intention is to mak e it breakeven first at EBITDA 
level, followed by at a profit level. That's the major intent. 
Jason: I'll look forward to the Q4 guidance. In terms of the stand -alone revenue, if we should be able 
to track -- I mean, you did mention stand-alone engineering revenue. I just would want to know 
10% revenue growth should be a fair assumption for '26, '27 going ahead, we should be able to 
do this 10% revenue growth at least? 
Vishal Rangwala: Jason same answer, wait for Q4. 
Jason: Just in terms of this ramp -up, you mentioned Advantek will take 2 years, okay, to ramp up, I 
understand. Peak revenue, again, probably 2x is a fair assumption. How much of investments 
are in Advantek? Just wanted to know so -- I mean, just a calculation of peak revenue? 
Maulik Jasani: On the plant and machinery investment, yes, we can consider 2x.  Because there will be 
Infrastructure and land and building. 
Jason: How much would that be? 
Vishal Rangwala: Currently, investment is around INR210 crores-plus. I don't have precise numbers on hand, but 
majority of that is also infrastructure and land and building, while machinery is around INR100 
crores-plus, INR190 crores something, INR120 crores of machinery, that will be 2x. 
Jason: We have to take the 2x on the machinery, right? Okay. The main products are from Advantek... 
Vishal Rangwala: Sorry, Jason. We will also have incremental machineries coming up, and that will be still in the 
pipeline, and we will give that also in guidelines. 
Jason: Of course, this has to be on the plant and machinery only, other infrastructure is common infra. 
The main products from Advantek, you have mentioned before, but just wanted to clarify, the 
bushing, stampings and the large-sized cages, these are the main products from Advantek. Is that 
right? 
Vishal Rangwala: You're right. The incremental growth and new businesses of these 3 lines. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Saket Kapoor: Just a follow-up on what the participant just mentioned, for Advantek, the product profile would 
be skewed towards bushing and large-size cages. 
Vishal Rangwala: Right, and stamping, a little bit. 
Saket Kapoor: I think for the large -sized cases, you did alluded earlier about the market and there were some 
detrends which we were trying to resolve correctly there, what's the business environment or the 
demand pertaining to the large size cases? What are the figures? 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Vishal Rangwala: A couple of quarters back -- a few quarters back, we did  mention that market for industrial 
product was very sluggish, and that was the reason for very moderate or not much growth in 
large size. We might have mentioned that. I think we are seeing that turning around over and 
above the fact that we are looking at more additional product development and orders for future 
in this. Yes, those factors are somewhat improving what we had mentioned earlier. 
Saket Kapoor: Total investment for Advantek, are we done with the entire capex? Also, for the 
commercialization part, what is -- any closing capital work in progress is there? 
Vishal Rangwala: No. I already said in the previous question, Saket, the incremental plant and machinery will 
continue in Advantek, considering that wherever there is a requirement of additional  capacity 
and wherever we see the incremental growth can come, we will continue to have our plant and 
machinery spending there. 
Saket Kapoor: Still, we have something to commercialize or if you could give as on date, how much have we 
invested, including the land for this unit? Or if you could give the bifurcation. 
Vishal Rangwala: No. To answer your question, yes, there are a few work-in-progress in capex side also, including 
on the building side, there are some other buildings, like admin and others are un der 
capitalization, yet to be capitalized and some plant and machinery under installation. Around 
INR40 crores is the rough numbers top of my head. 
Saket Kapoor: What should be then the total investment for this unit as a whole as on date? 
Vishal Rangwala: It's an ongoing thing, but yes, we expect it to end this year around INR250 crores-plus. 
Saket Kapoor: The peak revenue for this also will be 2x or will be different to assume today because of the 
large size cages and the bushing part. What should be the peak turnover that we may expect or 
the asset turnover ratio? 
Vishal Rangwala: 2x of the plant and machineries, but you also have to keep in mind the incremental plant and 
machineries to be in pipeline. Yes, 2x of the plant and machinery, not of the full capex. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Jason from IDBI Capital. 
Jason: Just one last question. I just wanted to know. In terms of capex, what we are guiding for '26 and 
'27 on a consol level? 
Maulik Jasani: Wait for Q4 to start, Jason, same answer. 
Moderator: As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Vishal for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vishal Rangwala: Thank you. Today, I would like to thank you all for continued confidence and support for Harsha 
Engineers. Then I wish you all a very good evening. Thank you very much. 
Maulik Jasani: Thank you. 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  February 05, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Harsha Engineers International Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio recording uploaded on the stock 
exchange on 5th February 2026 will prevail. 
 