
===== PAGE 1 =====
                                                                
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
(formerly known as Harsha Engineers International Private Limited and Harsha Abakus Solar Private Limited)  
CIN : L29307GJ2010PLC063233 
Corporate & Registered Office: Sarkhej - Bavla Road, Changodar, Ahmedabad, Sanand - 382213, Gujarat, India. 
Tel.: +91-2717-618200   Fax: +91-2717-618259   E-mail: sec@harshaengineers.com   URL: www.harshaengineers.com 
HEIL/SE-32/2025-26 
 
August 12, 2025 
 
To, To, 
The Manager (Listing), The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy  Towers, "Exchange Plaza", C-l, Block - G, 
Dalal Street, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400 051 
Script Code No. : 543600 Symbol : HARSHA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub   :     Transcript of Earning Call for the quarter ended June 30, 2025  
Ref   :     Regulation   30   of   SEBI   (Listing   Obligations   and   Disclosure   Requirements) 
                Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to subject matter and pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI ((Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earning call for 
the quarter ended June  30, 2025 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on August 6, 
2025. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.harshaengineers.com 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED  
 
 
Kiran Mohanty 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
MEM NO. : F9907 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Harsha Engineers International Limited 
Conference Call” 
August 06, 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL RANGWALA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED 
 MR. MAULIK JASANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR-STRATEGIC ADVISOR- 
HARSHA ENGINERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
  
 
 
 
 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Harsha Engineers International Limited 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala, CEO of the company. Thank you, and 
over to you. Mr. Vishal Rangwala, CEO of the company. 
Vishal Rangwala: Thank you, and I would like to welcome you all to our quarter 1 financial 2026 investor call. As 
we have been doing in the past, Maulik, our CFO, will take you through some numbers in a little 
more detail. And I'm presuming that you have all had a chance to look at the numbers already. 
Let me start with at the outset. Let me give you some heads up on certain key issues before going 
into specifics of our quarter 1 performance. 
 First and foremost, I'm happy to share that we have started getting positive signs of improvement 
in industrial demand in Europe. Thus, as you might have observed, this is partly reflected in our 
-- one of the highest sales reported by Harsha Romania in last several quarters -- in quarter 1 FY 
'26. And we have also started seeing a positive improvement in exports from India, particularly 
to Europe.  
Another pointer to this aspect is the fact that, again, quarter 1 FY '26 for the first time after 
several quarters, we have reported a significant improvement in sales of large -sized cages, and 
we have also started seeing a good inflow of orders for large -sized cages in India. This makes 
us cautiously optimistic, though we still want to wait and see at least for 1 or 2 quarters more 
before we -- which we can positively conclude that this is a sustainable trend. 
 I believe that this growth in Europe is coming from industrial demand, and we are still not 
witnessing any significant improvement in demand from the wind  market. Nevertheless, this is 
surely a welcome relief, and I'm hopeful that we should be able to witness better scenario going 
forward in Europe.  
And if I talk about India Engineering business, we are quite satisfied to report a reasonably good 
performance of India Engineering business in quarter 1 FY 2026, which is almost at par with 
performance that we have reported in quarter 4 FY '25. And this is in spite of the fact that our 
India subsidiary Harsha Advantek, where we have commissioned the greenfield facility Phase 1 
in May 2025, has reported a negative bottom line. This is due to impact of higher overheads and 
also the charge of depreciation and interest post commissioning without any significant increase 
in revenue, which will eventually start flowing over next few quarters. 
 We've also started getting signs of overall improvement in industrial demand in India, though 
auto sector continues to remain sluggish. This also includes regular orders that we have started 
receiving from our customers, new faci lities commissioned in India, which could be partially 
attributed to their increased sales from these facilities as part of their strategy to realign their 
overall supply chain for servicing their global requirement.  
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
Further, we continue to witness a stro ng traction in our Bushing business. Thus, we have also 
recently announced that we have entered into a long-term contract with one of our existing key 
customers for manufacture of supply of bushings. This contract, what we are expecting is peak 
annual sales to be around INR117 crores and which can take about 2 to 3 years to fully realize, 
while some incremental sales related to this contract will come in, in fourth quarter current 
financial year. 
 I believe that as compared to FY 2025 where Bushing product reported a revenue of about 
INR100 crores, this product should grow handsomely at least 30% in current financial year due 
to strong tailwinds that we are witnessing in this segment. Similarly, as indicated earlier, I'm 
also happy to report that we have started witnessing good order flow in large-size cages, which 
again has grown handsomely in quarter 1 FY 2026 over quarter 1 FY '25.  
However, sales of stamping has remained more or less flat in quarter 1 FY 2026. Lastly, our 
effort to increase sales to Japan-based customer continues with same vigor, though it is not yet 
translating into growth numbers. However, we continue to remain very confident about our 
potential of increasing the sales in this segment, though it may take a little longer time than we 
had anticipated. 
 In our previous call, we had indicated that sales from India under the new major sourcing 
contract for cages concluded by us with this large customer, and we were expecting some 
revenue to come in, in second half of this financial year. However, we are working with customer 
on this, and we are building inventory and what it looks like that, that impact may be postponed 
to or pushed back to next financial year in terms of realizing that revenue.  
In spite of that, we are feeling quite bullish f or our second half FY '26 sales should be much 
stronger than first half because of combination of other favorable factors, what we have talked 
earlier. As I've mentioned in the opening portion of my presentation, Harsha Romania has shown 
a good top line growth in quarter 1 FY '26. However, the sales mix in favor of cages has still not 
improved. 
 We are in touch with our key customers as well as other customers for increasing sales of cages. 
From the indication available from our customers, there are some po sitives coming our way 
about increasing their purchases for cages as well as some additional semi-finished casting. We 
are hopeful of concluding something in a positive way in coming quarters, and we remain 
positively cautious on that.  
Again, I'm also happy to inform that China continues its positive performance in financial year 
2026 with a decent top line as well as bottom line growth versus against overall loss of around 
INR17 crore s on a combined basis for Romania plus China level in FY '25. We are fee ling 
confident that this should come down considerably in current financial year and maybe to the 
tune of roughly 50% of FY '25. 
 However, I will be able to give more clarity, particularly for Romania, hopefully, by end of 
quarter 2, maybe early quarter 3 in this financial year. Lastly, our position on Solar business 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
remains the same, and it continues to operate more or less in auto mode with a very little top 
management involvement.  
To conclude, I wish to reiterate overall target for FY '26. This is that it is to be -- is to expect at 
least a low-teens top line growth in Harsha India Engineering business and a higher single-digit 
top line growth in a consolidated basis. It will be evident there should be a better growth in 
profitability as compared to adjusted EBITDA and PAT that we have achieved in FY 2025. 
 I would like to really express my sincere thanks to all of you for continued trust and confidence 
and hope to share some better news in coming quarters. Now I hand it over to Maulik to talk 
more about numbers. 
Maulik Jasani: Thank you, Vishal bhai, for the business overview. Hello, everyone, and good afternoon. For the 
quarter ended June '25, our Engineering business at consolidated level has achieved a top line of 
INR349 crores against INR330 crores in the immediate previous quarter and INR327 crores in 
the same quarter last year.  
We have achieved consolidated EBITDA for Engineering business at INR65.2 crore s for this 
quarter against the reported EBITDA of INR38.3 crores and adjusted EBITDA of INR66 crores 
due to one-off in the last quarter and INR62.4 crores in the last year same quarter. For our Harsha 
Advantek greenfield site, Bhayla has commissioned the commercialization and production. 
 However, since the plant has n ot scaled up, HEIL has given a negative EBITDA and PAT, 
mainly due to fixed overheads as well as interest and depreciation charges. Solar division has 
done a top line of INR16.4 crores with EBITDA of INR0.9 crores in first quarter FY '26 and 
Solar division continues to have a good order level in Gujarat. Overall working capital cycle at 
consolidated level remain at 139 days and company has incurred a capex of INR44 crores in the 
first quarter, mainly towards the Bhayla site.  
With this brief note on the financial numbers, I hand it over to the operator for taking the Q&A 
one by one. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question , may press star and 1 on the ir touch-tone telephone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. 
We have a first question from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: Thank you very much for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on our new greenfield plant. 
Since we have already commenced the production activities, could you share some color on how 
much revenues we have booked in the first quarter from this facility and the kind of products we 
have produced? At what scale we will be able to achieve EBITDA breakeven as many overheads 
initially would have already come into picture, as you have already explained? 
 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Maulik Jasani: Sure, Harshit. As you have observed from our published announcements, commercialization 
happened in the last week of June. And hence, no major sales happened from the new greenfield 
site, except initial sales of INR2 lakh. But yes, we already have a rented site in our subsidiary 
Harsha Advantek. So total sales of Harsha Advantek in the first quarter was INR1.65 crores. 
 Now on the EBITDA front, as we have discussed in the past, this new greenfield sites will have 
Bushing business, large-sized bearing cages and stamping business over there. I will not be able 
to comment specifically on the breakeven point, but we expect by this year, it will be positive 
turnaround. That is our expectation. And we w ill update you more once we have a better scale 
up available in the plant. 
Harshit Patel: Understood. Sir, secondly, on the capex front, I think we have already incurred a major round 
of capex in FY '25 towards this facility. And as you have explained, we have incurred another 
INR44 crores in this. So now what is the remaining capex that we will do both in FY '26 as well 
as FY '27? 
Maulik Jasani: So from India Engineering perspective, let me add first and maybe Vishal can add later. Our 
major focus is there are still some capex, which are in pipeline, ordered but partly paid. So those 
capex will continue to be incurring in this year for incremental line set -ups at our subsidiary 
Bhayla site mainly on the stamping and large -size bearing cages requirement. Apart from that, 
we will continue to have some incremental capex in our existing both sites for the bottleneck 
machines. Those are the plants in India. 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes, I think what I understand or what I believe, what we had shared that we will -- over 2.5, 3 
years, we will invest about INR300 crore s in this site. We have now already invented about 
INR200 crores, a little bit more than that already in this. So we a re expecting at least about 
INR100 crores over next 1.5 years or so. This is a rough estimate we have right now. 
Harshit Patel: Understood. Perfect. Thank you very much for answering my questions. I will come back in the 
question queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. First question is on the Bushing si te. You did alluded 
some INR25 crores sales for Q1. So just wanted to understand the 35% growth, which you said 
will be on the core -- the base Bushings business, not including the new contract which you had, 
right? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes, we have shared about 30% growth, maybe a little bit plu s over last year -- last financial 
year for this financial year. And we may see some amount from the new contract we have signed, 
but not much significant out of it. 
Amit Anwani: And for the new contract which you got and you already invested in Bushing. So any new capex 
is required from the current factories when the new contract will start -- when you start having 
revenues for Bushing from the new MNC customer. Just wanted to understand, will there be 
more capex particular to Bushings in coming times since we already have this contract again? 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes, we anticipate that we will have to -- so we have already invested considering anticipation 
of this additional contract and ongoing growing volume we have in Bushing area. And 
specifically reference to this contract when this full maturity of this contract takes place in about 
2 years, a little bit more, we expect that to achieve those revenue, we will have to invest 
something in that. I don't have a very accurate number how much at this point in t ime, but we 
are expecting that we will have to invest further to even fulfill this contract, but that will come 
in a little bit later towards maybe end of current financial year, more likely early next financial 
year. 
Amit Anwani: Understood. 
Maulik Jasani: It will be marginal I suppose. Only marginal amounts. 
Amit Anwani: Understood. Yes. So second question on Romania since the situation is fluid with respect to the 
trades and the geopolitics, just wanted to understand, we are also sensing some impact of a ll of 
this, what is happening globally to our business? 
And second, what led to the Romania? I think last quarter, I recollect the offtakes were 
completely impacted. So is it that the customer came back or -- and we are trying to diversify 
also from Romania since the revenue was not coming there? So just some color there, plus any 
impact of the trade wars, which is happening. 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. So Romania, we are trying to diversify revenue base from semi -finished to cage. We are 
not yet fully successful . We see some traction there. However, what we have seen growth in 
Romania right now is for all the portfolio we were supplying right now, which includes semi -
finished and some amount of cage as well. 
 So we are seeing overall industrial slightly improve in European region, which is positively 
impacting Romania in general. And again, we will continue to work with our customer on 
diversifying the portfolio, adding more cages and we are very -- we remain hopeful, but let's see. 
On the trade impact, again, fo r us, U.S., there's a lot of uncertainty there. We see U.S. demand 
softening already this financial year as compared to previous year. 
 It doesn't consist more than about -- it's about 10% of our overall demand for U.S. So still right 
now, we don't see a major impact or a big decision by customer on a long-term sourcing strategy. 
But once the things settle down, maybe customer will start taking some decision. We may get 
some impact of it if the trade barrier remains high. So we are also closely watching the situation 
and every day, there is new information on this. So we are trying to figure out as we speak. 
Sanjay Majmudar: Vishal, just to add, I think the trade barriers have nothing to do -- had nothing to do really with 
the Romania stand-alone sales per se. It was more to do with the European environment, which 
seems to be improving as Vishal mentioned. 
Amit Anwani: Understood. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: Thank you. T he next question is from the line of Samarth Khandelwal from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
 
Samarth Khandelwal: Hello. All my questions have been answered. Thank you. 
Vishal Rangwala: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. T he next question is from the line of Parikshit Gujrati from Niveshaay.  Please go 
ahead. 
Parikshit Gujrati: Hello. Thank you for this opportunity, sir. Sir, my question was that how much percentage of 
revenue comes from the Bushing side? And what are your plans for the future? Like how much 
in future the Bushing segment will contribute to the total revenue? 
Maulik Jasani: Your voice was not pretty clear, Parikshit. What we heard is you intend to know the Bushing 
future, right? 
Parikshit Gujrati: Yes. Sir, my question was what is the contribution of the Bushing segment now? And what are 
your plans for the future? How much will the Bushing segment contribute to the total revenue? 
Vishal Rangwala: So right now, Bushing contribute s about INR100 crore s in last financial year to the revenue. 
And we believe that we are on a good growth trajectory there. And over next 2, 3 y ears, we 
believe that it would be at least INR200 crores plus revenue in overall... 
Parikshit Gujrati: Sir, I was asking in percentage terms. 
Maulik Jasani: Percentage will vary. 
Vishal Rangwala: It will be difficult... 
Maulik Jasani: Percentages will vary because as the top line grows overall, but Bushing on a stand -alone basis 
can easily be INR200 crores, as Vishal said, in next 2, 3 years. 
Parikshit Gujrati: Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
Vishal Rangwala: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is  from the line of Devesh Kayal from Monarch AIF.  Please go 
ahead. 
Devesh Kayal: Yes. So Vishal bhai, so this new order of INR117 crores, so that is part of existing INR100 
crores, which we did last year or this is a completely new order over and above the INR100 
crores? 
Vishal Rangwala: So see, we -- this is in a way new order, but some of the products within the portfolio of this new 
order may replace some of the existing products. So there might be a little bit of overlap. Our 
current estimate is about 20% or so, but it's completely difficult to say how customer keeps the 
older product live versus newer product and so on and so forth. So there might be minor overlap 
there. 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Devesh Kayal: Understood. And sir, on the domestic engineering side, there has been kind of subdued revenue 
growth like revenue from the sales which happens in India -- within India, not from exports out 
of India. So that has been kind of subdued. So can you give some more color on that? 
Vishal Rangwala: Can you -- there was some breakage  in the voice. You are asking about engineering in the 
revenue and growth... 
Devesh Kayal: Domestic -- yes, engineering sales, domestic in India. 
Maulik Jasani: Domestic growth is low this quarter. That's why. 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. So I think for us, usually, it's the fourth quarter when it comes to domestic. Fourth quarter 
is usually the high. And there is a certain amount of cyclicity to this domestic growth. So we 
expect -- we see -- we are seeing still positive signs from our customers. 
 Obviously, there is a little bit of softening on the automotive side, which reflects here. But we 
think that there is a little bit of cyclicity to this and domestic should continue to grow at a good 
healthy rate. We have seen -- if I look at overall, we have seen good growth in domestic. And I 
think this quarter, you might be right that we have not seen as good growth, but we expect that, 
that will come back. Domestic, as I mentioned, driven by some automotive, fourth quarter. 
 So automotive, we are expecting it to be a little better, considering Diwali kind of situation and 
all that. So those are -- when it comes to domestic, fourth quarter and Diwali are the highlight 
or peak points, and we expect that will return. 
Devesh Kayal: Yes, that's also a nice thing. 
Moderator: Thank you. T he next question is from the line of Nikunj Doshi from Bay Capital.  Please go 
ahead. 
Nikunj Doshi: Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to check, I mean, if suppose U.S. imposes like very high 
penalty and tariffs, is there any possibilit y of routing exports through Romania's subsidiary 
because we have operations there? So means India can export through Romania and from there, 
we can ship to U.S. 
Vishal Rangwala: So in Romania, we don't have any facility for our steel cages. There is a fac ility for brass cage 
manufacturing there. So maybe we can look at -- once we get better clarity, we can look at 
Romania supplying for U.S. and something like that. 
Maulik Jasani: No, no. This is routing through Romania, not supplying through... 
Nikunj Doshi: No, not producing, routing through -- billing through Romania. 
Maulik Jasani: No, we can't. I'll tell you. We have to also establish that it is produced there. 
Nikunj Doshi: Just stamping you can do there. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Sanjay Majmudar: No, no. See, I'll clarify 2 things here from whatever little I have gathered in various other 
companies also, which we are tracking. One, whenever there is a sector-specific duty imposed, 
say, under Section 232, there this additional 25% or even that penalty threat generally will n ot 
be there because it's already imposed earlier in February, correct?  
Secondly, wherever you want to do a sourcing, that country of origin is very important. So just 
you have to establish that it is manufactured in Europe. And as Vishal said, there is no capacity 
for steel cages. So I think let's not worry too much about it. Let's wait for a few more days. This 
should definitely settle down. But as we speak, our sales to USA today are also just around 10%. 
So it's not a big -- I would say, it doesn't move the needle too much. 
Nikunj Doshi: Okay. And regarding this write -back, what we had taken for Romania investment last quarter, 
now Romania are doing well. So is there any possibility of writing it back? 
Vishal Rangwala: The impairment you mean? Maulik bhai, if you can? 
Maulik Jasani: Sure. No, so it has just started picking up. We have to see that has been taken care of while we 
write it off. The valuation was taken care of by anticipating growth and recovery. We have not 
write off 100%. We did a fair market value based on the estimated projection. 
Nikunj Doshi: Okay. 
Maulik Jasani: So we have to wait at least for a very clear trend to emerge. 
Nikunj Doshi: Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question  is from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital.  Please go 
ahead. 
Jason Soans: Yes, sir. Thanks for taking my question. Sir, just wanted to know when I look at the subsidiaries' 
performance for FY '25, I understand FY '25 was a weak year, especially for  the European 
market. So looking at that, probably we clocked in a loss of around INR13.4 crores odd in the 
subsidiaries that will be basically between -- majorly between Romania and China.  
So right now, I understand you told me that -- you told us that we have to be -- we have to see 
for 1 or 2 quarters more. But are we kind of like probably have some more positive confidence 
that at least these losses will get reduced in '26? Just some color on that would be helpful from 
INR13.4 crores loss last year. 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. So Jason, we -- as I mentioned, we are fairly confident that we will reduce this from that 
INR15-odd crore s bottom line number for combined China and Romania. We are working 
towards at least cutting in half. It depends on a lot of facto rs how the markets are and some of 
the initiatives we have taken, how they perform, some of the new orders what we are working 
on, how they are realized and so on. But right now, we are working with at least cutting it into 
half or somewhere around that number. 
Jason Soans: Yes. Okay, sir. And sir, just also wanted to know, I mean, in terms of -- you had spoken last time 
also about restructuring operations and all this in the Romanian facility. So all of that has been 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
done? Anything else more to do in terms  of making operations more lean and other things that 
has all been completed? 
Vishal Rangwala: No, we have just initiated that as a project last quarter. And we are continuing that, and that will 
take at least about 6 to 8 months further to really fully re alize all the work we have -- results of 
all the work on the cost savings side and also on... 
Jason Soans: Okay. Okay. Okay. Sir, I also wanted to know, I mean, in terms of our current capacity utilization 
in terms of our facilities, here in India, what will be the capacity utilization, sir, of our facilities? 
Vishal Rangwala: So it is a very difficult question because we have a subsegment level micro, I mean, capacity 
going on. And there is some amount of fungibility, but for most part, it is difficult. So there is a 
segment-to-segment different situation going on. Overall, I would say that we have -- if I just 
talk about last quarter, we -- I would say that we would have a 65% to 70% range overall 
utilization with -- there will be pockets which would have a high utilization and pockets which 
would have low and we have to work with various things within that. So that's a general thing.  
And this is -- I'm talking to India and then maybe Romania being a little different, very low 
utilization and then China would be again more like 60%. 
Jason Soans: Just to clarify, this is excluding Advantek? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes, yes. Yes, sir. 
Jason Soans: Actually, sir, I was coming from the point that we've built up -- I mean, we had a greenfield 
capacity, which is Advant ek one. So just wanted to know, I mean, if we have 65%, 70%, was 
there not more room for expanding there only? Or I mean, the thing is why we had to put up a 
greenfield capacity? Was there -- what is basically the idea behind that? Or are we seeing more 
future growth coming through and we want to get ready for that? Or how -- what exactly is that? 
Vishal Rangwala: It's a combination of various things. So the one to begin with, we don't think that we can 
optimally utilize more than 80% when it comes to capacity because of ups and lows of demand 
and the product mix and the complexity of engineering this product line and business.  
That being said, also further what was happening, what is happening is that we are seeing 
significant growth on the Bushing side. So that needed additional capacity and a space to expand 
because we have actually ran out of -- initially, the Bushing was expanded within the existing 
facility of brass cages. And now we have -- since we have added the additional facility in the 
third site. 
 And similarly, for large-size cages, we are seeing long-term growth. We have received some of 
the orders, some future orders, some product development and discussion going on with 
customers. So a combination of all that, again, in another pocket where w e needed space -- I 
mean, capacity and then physical infrastructure to put it there because we run out of space here.  
So it was a combination of all that. Plus again, still we believe about the long-term future growth 
of some of our product line on the in dustrial side, large -size cages and bushing as well as 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
stamping. So all 3 of them are what we are adding capacity specifically, and they are all added 
at our third site, Bhayla. 
Jason Soans: Okay. And sir, so same thing, I mean, in terms of the greenfield capex, so Bushing, large-size 
bearing cages and stamping are the main products going to be produced in Advantek. Is that 
right? 
Vishal Rangwala: Correct. That's the plan. 
Sanjay Majmudar: In the current phase, yes. In the current phase. 
Jason Soans: Yes, yes. And I also just wanted to ask, I mean, do we have at that same site, if we, let's say, in 
the future, want to add more engineering products, do we have more land available? Do we have 
more land to expand if, let's say, there's another product you want to add, do we have more land 
available at the Bhayla facility? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. So we have about 60% -- almost 55%, 60% land free at Bhayla site as of today. Further, 
even on the buildings we have built when fully operational by next year, we still believe that on 
the building space also, there will be about 20% odd space left for us to expand without adding 
new infrastructure spend. Those are our advantages of making a big investment in Bhayla 
upfront, but then utilization or real utilization will come over a period of time. 
Jason Soans: Sure, sure. So or course, if you see opportunities, there is more scope for adding at that facility. 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes, that is good. 
Jason Soans: Yes, yes. Okay, okay. That's what my point was. Okay. And sir, just  lastly, one thing.  The 
INR117 crores contract, if just I heard it right, Q4 will see some revenues coming from that, and 
it will take 2 to 3 years for basically to touch that INR117 crores per annum revenue. Is that 
right? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes, yes, incremental. Yes. 
Jason Soans: Okay. Yes, yes. So only Q4 will have some incremental revenues, but it will take 2 to 3 years 
for it to scale up to the INR117 crores per your target, right? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. 
Jason Soans: Okay, sir. That's those are all my questions. Thank you so much for answering them. 
Vishal Rangwala: Thanks. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, you may press star and one to ask a question. The 
next question is from the line of Prathmesh Salunkhe from PL Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prathmesh Salunkhe: Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity.  So my question was on bearing cages. I 
understand we are trying to expand the bearing cages footprint in Romania. So just wanted to 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  August 06, 2025 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
know what is the revenue mix in Romania right now of the bearing cages? And also in India 
Engineering, what sort of contribution did the bearing cages made in terms of revenue? 
Maulik Jasani: Yes. So Romania, as you might be aware, Prathmesh, we have 2 major category of products. 
One is semi-finished casting. And another is a cage. Cage is hardly 20% around of our top line 
in Romania.  
Vishal Rangwala: In Romania. 
Maulik Jasani: Yes, in Romania. And 80% is the semi -finished casting. And in India, you can say that almost 
70%, 75% is a bearing cage business. 
Prathmesh Salunkhe: Sir, in India, I meant in the current quarter. 
Vishal Rangwala: Maulik, one clarification. In India, we don't do semi-finished castings at all, practically no. 
Prathmesh Salunkhe: Yes. No, sir. In India, I was asking for bearing cages. 
Maulik Jasani: Sir, bearing cages is around -- out of our total revenue in India, 70%, 75% is bearing cages, 
balance are bushings and stamping. 
Vishal Rangwala: Exactly. 
Prathmesh Salunkhe: And in Q1 FY '26? 
Maulik Jasani: Similar almost. 
Prathmesh Salunkhe: Thank you so much for answering the questions. 
Moderator: Thank you. A reminder to all the participants, you may press star and one to ask a question. As 
there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal 
Rangwala for closing comments. 
Vishal Rangwala: Yes. Thank you very much to all of you for participating and joining this call. Wishing you a 
very good evening, and hope to talk to you next time. Thank you. 
Maulik Jasani: Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: On behalf of Harsha Engineers International Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 