
===== PAGE 1 =====
                                                                
Harsha Engineers International Limited 
CIN : L29307GJ2010PLC063233 
Corporate & Registered Office: Sarkhej - Bavla Road, Changodar, Ahmedabad, Sanand - 382213, Gujarat, India. 
Tel.: +91-2717-618200   Fax: +91-2717-618259   E-mail: sec@harshaengineers.com   URL: www.harshaengineers.com 
HEIL/SE-10/2026-27 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
To, To, 
The Manager (Listing), The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Limited National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy  Towers, "Exchange Plaza", C-l, Block - G, 
Dalal Street, Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001 Mumbai – 400 051 
Script Code No. : 543600 Symbol : HARSHA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub   :     Transcript of Earning Call for the quarter and year ended March 31, 2026  
Ref   :     Regulation   30   of   SEBI   (Listing   Obligations   and   Disclosure   Requirements) 
                Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to subject matter and pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI ((Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earning call for 
the quarter and year ended March  31, 2026 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on 
May 7, 2026. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.harshaengineers.com 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED  
 
 
 
Kiran Mohanty 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
MEM NO. : F9907 
 
===== PAGE 2 =====
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Harsha Engineers International Limited 
Conference Call” 
May 07, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
        
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL RANGWALA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED 
 MR. MAULIK JASANI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR-STRATEGIC ADVISOR- 
HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 

===== PAGE 3 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Harsha Engineers Int ernational Limited 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala, CEO of the company. Thank you and 
over to you, Mr. Vishal Rangwala. 
Vishal Rangwala: Thank you. Hello, good afternoon. Welcome all of you to our Quarter 4 FY '26 Post-Result 
Update Call . As per the normal practice, I will ask our CFO, Mr. Maulik, who will take us 
through the detailed key numbers for the result. However, I am assuming most of you would 
have had a chance to go through this. 
 And at the outset, before I talk about the results and everything, I just want to kind of quickly 
summarize what we are as a company and what we do. We are primarily an engineering company 
with a big focus on the segment called bearing cages where we are a very unique player within 
the market, having competency in steel, brass, and Polyamide products within bearing cages and 
a very unique position globally, having all these competency and precision level catering to very 
good quality bearing companies and their needs for bearing cages. 
 That is our primary business. Beyond that, we have worked over multiple years with big global 
bearing companies to outsource and supply them this product gl obally, and we have earned a 
very strong market position within India and across the globe as well. 
 That being the primary product, beyond that, we also operate in the sub -segment of stamping 
components using our core competency. We also have a bushing as  another product portfolio 
where both those segments, we are growing very well and planning to grow further. We cater to 
variety of industry through those segments, including renewable as well as automotive, 
consumer goods, and other industry. 
 And we are trying to grow business. We actually operate three facilities in India; third one we 
just commissioned this year in Bhayla. Two facilities , one in Romania, one in China. Through 
these five facilities, we supply our customer base across the globe. 
 And w e a re currently working on growing business in various segment, specifically for us, 
growing with Japan-based customer, growing the large-size cage business, growing the bushing 
business, as well as growing the stamping business are some of our big growth dri vers as we 
look at our future. 
 So this is just to get you up to date on the area we operate. With that little bit of additional 
background this time around, let me jump to the results this quarter. I am happy to inform our 
stakeholders that in spite of a current global turmoil which we are witnessing and which could 
have upset the rhythm of doing business, particularly in quarter four of the current financial, we 
===== PAGE 4 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
have done quite satisfactory and have met most of our internal performance expectation on the 
key fronts. 
 I am happy to note that our India Engineering business, including all the key verticals, have done 
very well in quarter four and financial year 2026. Specifically, bushings have also reported a 
revenue of about INR127 crores for the financial year 2026, in line with our expectation, posting 
about 25% growth over last financial year. 
 In the current year also, we are having a very aggressive growth plan in tune of 25 % to 30% in 
this segment. Our sale of large-size cages grew by almost 14% in FY 2026 and stood at around 
INR49 crores. Sale to Japan -based customer grew by almost approximately 12% in 2026 and 
stood at around about INR73 crores. In as much as the large-size cage segment is concerned, we 
are working very aggressively for increasing our wallet share. 
 Lastly, if we talk a bout Japan-based customer, the progress, though slow, is positive direction 
and we are committed to growing this segment as well. Thus, India Engineering business, which 
includes Harsha Advantek, which is a subsidiary, has posted a good overall Engineering business 
India has posted a good overall growth of around 14% in FY 2026, notwithstanding the fact that 
Advantek, a new unit, is still operating at a low-capacity utilization. 
 Thus, in FY 2026, export from India have also posted a good robust growth, alm ost 17% 
compared to FY 2025. Our export to US have also started picking up duly encouraged by fact 
that recently additional import tariff on cages has been reduced to zero in US. I am happy to note 
that capacity utilization in Advantek  is improving, and we  should see the sale from this unit 
growing at least 3x in FY '27. 
 Thus, while this in this current financial Advantek, through having posted a positive EBITDA 
of INR4 crores, has still reported a combined loss of INR11.4 crores due to higher depreciation 
and interest. However, the bottom line is also expected to improve considerably in the coming 
financial year. In spite of this drag in the current year, our India Engineering business has posted 
an operating EBITDA of around 22% in FY 2026, which is quite satisfactory. 
 Now let me talk of a foreign subsidiary. As hinted earlier, China had performed well with an 
overall top-line growth of about 9.26% in FY '26 over FY '25 and has also posted a positive 
EBITDA of around 11%. As announced earlier, we have alr eady commenced implementation 
of China brownfield expansion project of steel cages. 
 We believe that this will significantly strengthen the business presence in China, and we should 
expand our product portfolio from a predominantly brass-based cages to a good mix of steel and 
brass cages. This project should come in operation in H2 FY '28, and we should also see some 
improvement in EBITDA in China going forward. 
 However, Romania continues to perform below par as it is still having negative EBITDA, 
resulting into a combined foreign subsidiary losses of about INR11 crores in the current financial 
or FY '26. However, we are trying our best to improve our product mix by focusing more on 
cages in Romania from current level of around 22% to more than 30%-35%. We are also pushing 
our key customers in Romania to increase their offtake from Romania. 
===== PAGE 5 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
 We have also started firming up our capex plan for the second phase in Harsha Engineers 
Advantek, where our focus will be to create additional capacity for our key growth driver 
verticals. We will be sharing more details as and when the plans are finalized in next few weeks. 
 Now talking about our Solar business, you might have seen that it has performed very well, 
achieving strong topline and bottom-line growth in financial year 2026, mainly on account of 
continued tailwind due to mix of increas ing awareness and a good policy support from the 
government as well as private sector. 
 Lastly, I feel confident that the current financial year FY 2026 -2027, we should achieve an 
overall double-digit growth in top line, though the growth in India engineering would  be little 
bit more aggressive, somewhat in mid -teens. We are also feeling confident that we should be 
able to at least maintain our current margin profile through our endeavour. 
Though our endeavour is to improve it going forward. I would like to thank you for a continued 
confidence in Harsha and I would like to ask Maulik to walk us through more detail with 
numbers. Over to you, Maulik. 
Maulik Jasani: Thank you, Vishal Bhai. Hello everyone, and good afternoon. I believe you have already seen 
the numbers and the presentation we uploaded for the investor call. For the quarter ended March 
'26, our Engineering segment at consolidated level have achieved top line of INR382 crore and 
EBITDA of INR77 crore in the last quarter against our adjusted EBITDA of INR64.3 crore in 
previous quarter and adjusted EBITDA of INR66 crore in the last year quarter four. 
 While for the year ended March '26, the Engineering segment has achieved top line of INR1,444 
crore at consolidated level against the INR1,269 crore last year . We have reported our 
consolidated EBITDA for Engineering business at INR264 crore. However, our adjusted 
EBITDA is around INR270 crore if we adjust it for new Labo ur Code impact, while last year 
adjusted EBITDA was INR227 crore for our Engineering segment. 
 For the quarter and year end, we observed margin has improved, as defined by Vishal  Bhai, 
mainly on account of the higher export sales and strong India demand, followed by the better 
product mix and cost control. We also have a positive impact on finan cial earning as well as 
ERF. Solar business have achieved revenue of INR183 crore for the full year with a PAT of 
rupees INR10.2 crore for the financial year '25-'26 against the adjusted PAT of INR5 crore last 
year. 
 Our overall working capital cycle at consolidated level remain around 130 days at the year-end 
against the 134 days in the previous quarter and 127 days in the previous year. We have incurred 
capex of INR120 crore in the full year and around INR20 crore in the last quarter at a 
consolidated level. 
Our Bushing business has achieved INR127 crore as Vishal  Bhai has mentioned. Just one 
correction, our combined loss of subsidiary company in the current year is INR9 crore, not 
INR11 crore which has been said. And previous year it was INR14 crore. 
 
===== PAGE 6 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
 
Sanjay Majmudar:               INR11 crore is on the Advantek part. 
Maulik Jasani: And with this brief on the financial numbers, I request operator to take the Q&A from the 
participants. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question may press star and then one on their touch-tone phone. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press star and then two. Participants are requested to 
use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles. Again, to register for a question, please press star and then one 
now. 
Our first question comes from the line of Vaibhav Shah from Equirus Securiti es. Please go 
ahead. 
Vaibhav Shah: Yeah, hi. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is on the 27% revenue 
growth reported during the quarter. So, could you provide some color on the contribution from 
pricing versus the volume growth? A nd were we able to fully pass through the commodity 
inflation of the previous quarters? 
Sanjay Majmudar: Quarter-over-quarter? Q4… 
Vishal Rangwala: Hi, thanks, Vaibhav, for your question. And first of all, 27% growth which you have observed 
is a consolidat ed growth. And major contributor is our Solar business over there, which has 
grown almost 100% plus. INR91 crore is the last quarter number. While our Engineering 
business growth is 15.7% -- similar year-over-year numbers. So just to break down this number 
for your benefit, 27 is including Solar, and if I remove the Solar business, it is 15.7%. 
And on your questions for the pass -through mechanism, yes, it is very well-established pass-
through mechanism with the customer. So as per the -- our agreed lead period, it automatically 
pass through to the customers. Different customers has a different lead period . But effectively 
you can say that on an average on four months everything gets passed through. 
Sanjay Majmudar: Just one clarification, Vaibhav, our Engineering consolidated India business including Advantek 
is about 16.6% quarter -over-quarter. INR28 crore is the Q4 contribution of sales coming from 
Advantek. 
Vaibhav Shah: Thank you much. Right. Was it entirely driven by the volume growth or was there some pricing 
benefit as well? 
Vishal Rangwala: Majority is driven by volume growth considering that the last quarter, which is September to 
December, if you observe, there has not been a significant material movement. The movement 
started at the end of Decemb er and rain up to around February or March for the metal prices, 
including brass. 
===== PAGE 7 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Vaibhav Shah: My second question is on the India Engineering business. So, while we saw the strong 
performance in FY26 and primarily driven by the exports, while the domestic  revenues 
witnessed relatively modest growth. So, could you help us understand the key drivers behind the 
strong export growth as well as the reasons for the softer domestic performance? And it would 
be great if you could elaborate in terms of the end-user industries and the customer segments? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yeah. So, from our point of view, the growth in export is driven by improving market, industrial 
global market, improving European market as well as US market because of the  -- specifically, 
the tariff impact. So, we that  -- those were the factors supported the global market growth and 
things like that. 
Other factor on the domestic market, I think that has also grown very well according to us. 
Maybe one of the factor which is masking -- that is potentially the by-product sales, which might 
be masking that partially basis of the numbers. But overall, we are confident, including India 
growth as has been very robust in FY26. 
 So, just to add, India Cage business has grown by more than 10% on a pure India-to-India Cage, 
okay? That's almost 11%. And then there is further growth in India level supported by our 
Bushings business and our Stampings business. These two have propelled. So, it's not like only 
Bushings or Stampings have grown. It is Cage also have grown good volume. 
Vaibhav Shah: Understood. And sir, lastly, could you share your capex plan for the FY27 and FY28? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yeah. So, we are in process of, you know, fully finalizing all the details of our capex plan. Right 
now, we are already wh at we've finalized or what we are already looking at is about INR30-
INR40 crore of maintenance capex in India in this current financial year. And my assumption a 
very similar number would be there next year.  
Also, you are aware that we are, you know, we've started the China expansion project and 
declared an investment there. So, reference to that, about INR70 crore capex is expected to be 
executed in current financial year and further INR20 crore we are expecting next financial year. 
These are some of the things which are already clearly firmed and finalized. And there are other 
things which we are still working on, we what we are expecting that based on the various 
planning and activity, we may we will potentially add to this, but it is still under process.  
Sanjay Majmudar: So, it's predominantly, as he said in his speech, the second phase of Advantech, we are starting 
to work on the desks and probably in next few weeks, the plan will be frozen. But the work will 
start this year itself. 
Vaibhav Shah: Understood, sir. Understood. Thank you very much for answering my question. I will get back 
in the queue. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jason Soans with IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Jason Soans: Yeah, sir. Thank you so much for taking my question. So, my first question just pertains to the 
Romania and the China subsidiaries. I just wanted to know the absolute revenue numbers for 
===== PAGE 8 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
whole of FY26 for Romania and China both, and if you  could also possib le give the PBT 
numbers as well? 
Maulik Jasani: Okay. Sure. We already shared that combined loss is INR9 crore for China and Romania, but I 
am happy to share the independent number also, which we will definitely publish also once 
annual report's uploaded. Our Harsha China has done turnover of around INR120 crore with a 
profit of around INR5 crore as a Profit After Tax. And Harsha Romania has done turnover of 
around INR247 crore with a profit after tax around INR14 crore loss.  
Sanjay Majmudar: Loss. 14, correct. 
Jason Soans: Sure, sir. So the revenue is INR247 crore and loss is INR14 crore for Romania, and China 
revenue is INR120 crore and PAT is INR5 crore. Correct, sir? 
Maulik Jasani: Correct. Correct. 
Jason Soans: Okay. Thank you so  much for that. Okay. Sure. And sir, my next question just pertains to in 
terms of the demand situation, you know, if we go back two -three quarters, the situation in 
Europe was pretty weak. Now, now just wanted to know, and Europe being a key market for us, 
just wanted to know how is the demand situation right now in Europe, specifically, you know, 
pertaining to the Europe subsidiary. 
Vishal Rangwala: So, last whole year, we are seeing demand has slowly improved over the year. And specifically 
for the Europ ean subsidiary also, the demand is continuing to improve. Right now, the 
indications are that it is all positive, growing, and we need to how we turn around the situation 
from a cost as well as pricing and, you know, all those profitability point of view i s our main 
concern. Overall, we see very positive indication from our customer for our subsidiary in 
Romania. 
Jason Soans: Sure, sure. So, things definitely have improved from what it was. So that's heartening to know. 
That's good. And sir, actually I just missed out on one question. I mean, regarding the Romania 
and China subsidiary. So, combined, of course, now Advantech also is in the mix. So I 
understand that. So a combined when you look at the loss, on a combined level of subsidiary, 
it's around 21.6 crore to be precise.  
Of course, it will be a combination of Advantech as well as the China and the Romania entities. 
Now, just wanted to know, sir, when you look going ahead, ‘27, ‘28, are we definitely on a 
trajectory to basically reduce this losses going ahead because we have done a lot of work on the 
Romanian subsidiary as well, you know, in terms of restructuring, and China is doing well, 
Advantech also will ramp up. So, understanding is probably there should be a quick ramp up, I 
mean, a decent ramp up  of all these things and probably losses will get to reduce considerably 
going ahead, ‘27, ‘28? 
Maulik Jasani: Yeah, Jason, I think it's covered by Vishal in his introductory speech also that this year 
Advantech has a loss of around INR11.5 crore or more b ecause of the first year of operations 
and mainly despite of positive EBITDA, there is a loss on account of higher depreciation and 
===== PAGE 9 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
interest on the loan we have taken over there. Gradually this will reduce because the utilization 
will increase in this year. We expect it to be more positive trend this year at an Advantech level.  
While China is already in a positive territory and will increase over there. And the Romania, our 
discussion is already on with customer and we are hopeful this year to reduce this loss further 
compared to what we , we already reduced this year compared to last year and further we will 
reduce in the coming period.  
Sanjay Majmudar: So exact quantification may be difficult, but definitely there'll be reduction. For sure. Significant 
reduction. For sure. 
Jason Soans: That's, that's okay. Okay. That's very heartening to know, sir. That's good. And sir, again, when 
I, so I spoke to you about the situation, now I just wanted to know the situation domestically, 
you know, the likes of our Big 3 in terms of the bearing manufacturers, localization, capex. How 
do you see demand for that on the ground? 
Vishal Rangwala: We see very positive picture. There our customers have, you know, significantly ramped up their 
demand and capacity in India, responding to probably all the signals from automotive as well as 
industrial market. And further we feel that they will there will  be another round of investment 
to cater to the existing or upcoming demand from our customer are the indications we see.  
So, we are very bullish. There could be impact of, you know, current war and petroleum prices 
and all that. That could have some impa ct from a short-term point of view, we don't know that 
yet. But overall, they are very bullish and working towards growth and we are, you know, we 
are banking on that to continue our growth journey in domestic market. 
Jason Soans: Okay, so things seem to h ave improved then. In the mid -term, it was looking a little slow, you 
know, with all the restructuring, particularly one customer, one entity, and all those. So now it 
is picked up? The demand and all you are seeing good, good demand trends going ahead? 
Vishal Rangwala: Right now we see good traction. 
Jason Soans: Yeah, yeah. Sure. And just finally, sir, I'll just join back the queue. Sir, just wanted to know in 
terms of as per geography, how do we -- now, of course, in the presentation you can see that on 
a consol level, 58% of revenue is outside India. So 42% is basic I'm just talking about ‘26 for 
the year ‘26. So 42% stays within India. And how is the other breakup, sir? How do you just 
wanted a breakup of the geographies, what, what contributes to the total revenues? 
Maulik Jasani: We already spoken in past on this, Jason. Our majority geography outside India is Europe, 
followed by China, America, Japan, and others. Europe usually contribute on a large r scale 
because there is a casting sale also from Romania in Europe and that also part of our overall top 
line. Usually, Europe in this bifurcation is in total sales is around 19% in the total sales. And 
China and America will be around 10% plus and others will be there.  
This is sorry, my bad, my bad. Europe is around 30%, my bad, I'm just correcting myself. Europe 
is around 30% in the total sales, and China and America, China is more than 10%, America is 
around 6% and followed by Japan and others. 
===== PAGE 10 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Jason Soans: Sorry, sir. So China and US are 10% each and Europe is 30% you said? 
Maulik Jasani: Yeah, China is little, little higher than 10% and US is around 6%-7%. 
Jason Soans: And Japan is? 
Maulik Jasani: Japan is still not significant, around 2% plus.  
Jason Soans: 2%. Okay. Sure. Thanks for that. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'll join back the queue. 
Vishal Rangwala: Okay. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ja ymin from ARDEKO Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Jaymin: Thanks for taking my question. The first questions on, can you break down the full year export 
growth into the three buckets? One is from the recovery in an end market, be it Europe or the 
US, wallet share gains within existing customers or the geography, and any new 
commercialization… 
Maulik Jasani:  Jaymin, your voice is breaking. 
Jaymin:    Hello, can you hear me? 
Moderator: It's sounding a bit muffled right now. 
Jaymin: Can you hear me now? 
Moderator: It is slightly better, sir. If you're using any other mode, may I request you to use the handset 
mode, please? 
Jaymin: Sure. Now it is better? 
Moderator: Sure. Just give me one moment, sir. 
Jaymin: Yeah. Can you hear me? 
Moderator:  Yes, Jaymin sir, please go ahead. 
Jaymin:  Yeah, hi. Hi, Maulik sir. Can you just break down the full-year export growth into three buckets? 
One, is on the recovery in the end market, which is Europe or the US? Second is the wallet share 
gain within existing customer , or the geography. And any new commercialization in new 
programs for the geography? 
Maulik Jasani: No, Jaymin, we do not share this data to the investors , and basically, we already given a good 
amount of breakdown of our export sales in the previous question itself. 
===== PAGE 11 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Jaymin: I just want to understand, I mean, the growth we have seen for the full-year basis, is it more led 
to the recovery , or I mean, breakthrough into new geographies, new program within existing 
customers? 
Maulik Jasani: It's a mix of both. It's a mix of both. All three items are there, you are right, but we cannot give 
further breakdown to it. 
Jaymin: Okay. And when we are seeing, I mean, mid-teens, kind of, growth for the coming year, I mean, 
India Engineering business for the FY27, how should we think about the contribution from 
export, Advantek ramp-up, or the domestic demand? 
Maulik Jasani: I think, Vishal has already covered in his speech. We expect India to continue to grow in a 
higher-teen or mid-teen to higher-teen, and that will be contributed by both India growth, as well 
as our export growth will continue. That's the expectation. 
Jaymin: Okay, okay. And one piece when you just look at, I mean, your customers' performance, right 
now they are using a pricing action to offset inflation pressure in there , I mean, respective 
geographies. Have you seen any change in sourcing behaviour or the localization drive n is 
benefiting you, I mean, that is going to benefit you from the near to medium-term? 
Vishal Rangwala: So, Jaymin, I think what you are trying to say that our customers are looking at us only to offset 
their pricing, actually that's not correct, because through our competencies, we have now become 
an indispensable partner with them, because we play a very important role in helping them grow 
their product portfolio by making sure that cages are always available. 
Sir, as you know, cage is about 5% of the total bearing cost in terms of value. Now, the problem 
here is that the customer, the big players have stopped investing in new facilities or upgradation 
of their facilities over a period of last many years, whereas , we have a massive advan tage of 
volume accumulation. So, we have done absolutely up-to-date upgradation of technology, skill 
set, manufacturing capacities, everything. 
So, it is not only the cost part, but it's the speed, the development , at which if they want to 
develop a tool, they might take much longer time, we do very quickly. The cost, at which we are 
able to develop that new tool, I think all these factors become very critical. And this is one 
product where a customer does not do an y further processing. If you look at inner ring, outer 
ring, anything they do grinding, but a cage , they directly put it in the bearing and it's a very 
important component. So, I think cost is a very, very, I would say today cost is important , but 
not the barometer for them to consider. 
Jaymin: No, sir, I understand. My question was different. My question was, I mean, the part of the 
customer, they are facing inflation in the cost front, and right now they are offsetting cost 
inflation through the pricing p iece. They are not, I mean, doing lot of, I mean, vendor 
consolidation, or any change in the sourcing piece. Anything you are seeing from your side that 
will benefit you in terms of your vendor consolidation or increasing outsourcing? 
Maulik Jasani: So that's an ongoing project, Jaymin. As we've already informed you, outsourcing is the areas , 
which is more beneficial to them whenever there is a global scenario or global challenges, and 
===== PAGE 12 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
it's an ongoing thing. There is nothing specific , which we have to annou nce today. But , yeah, 
new product development and outsourcing activity is an ongoing activity and pricing pressures 
are in our favour. 
Jaymin: Okay, sir. 
Maulik Jasani: Yeah. 
Jaymin: Thank you so much, sir. That's it from my side. 
Maulik Jasani: Thank you, Jaymin. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jay Shah from Genuity Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jay Shah: Hi. Congratulations for a good set of numbers. I had two questions, sir. One , was on the 
Advantek subsidiary. What in your estimate would be the timeline to ramp it up to the maximum 
capacity, and what is the ballpark figure in terms of top line that Advantek can contribute? 
And second question is, sir, this is a bit longer term over the next two , three years, I mean, 
keeping aside the current volatility, but since  we are into precision components also , and apart 
from that bearing cages, the capex cycle that we are seeing locally and even globally. So , what 
do you see is going to drive Harsha's grow th as a company for over a two , three-year period, 
what components or rather what end sectors do you think are going to help Harsha  achieve the 
long-term goals? 
Maulik Jasani: Okay. Let me take your first question, Jay, about the Advantek optimum capacitie s. So, 
Advantek is still in a growing and fixed asset spending stage. But what I can say you is based 
on the current installation capacity, we expect it to reach to the peak in next two years, the current 
install capacity. But we also expect it to get into the next phase of expansion also meanwhile. 
 Hence, it is difficult to give you precise answers, but with the current install capacity, we expect 
it can give us around INR250 crores to INR300 crores turnover, and as I just said, this will 
further enhance as we further go for expansion in our Advantek subsidiary. And on your second 
questions about the growth and area where we can grow better, I ask Vishal  bhai to give you 
more insight. 
Vishal Rangwala: Yeah. So , for us, Jay, cage is important growth driver and within that we've identified that  
increasing the outsourcing , or wallet share through in -sourcing to outsourcing is a very big 
growth driver for Harsha. And within that  large-size cages is there.  We see that lot of 
manufacturing is moving to India, which should also additionally benefit Harsha bearing 
manufacturing moving to India. 
So, we are also bullish on bearing industry growth, and within that additional growth coming to 
Harsha based on the o utsourcing, as well as re -sourcing, as well as more India manufacturing 
and us having a big share of market in India and so on.  So, cage is a big growth driver for us, 
including even we consider Japan-based customer growing wallet share with them. 
===== PAGE 13 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Beyond b earing cages, we expect at least stamping component and bushing business to also 
grow much faster. We are expecting from a mid-term basis at least 15% to 20% growth in these 
two segments, we are expecting because we are investing in new capacity, additiona l product 
portfolio even in these two product lines. 
So, right now , we expect that all three established, currently established product lines should 
give us, deliver a good growth numbers. And then further, we are looking at expanding this 
portfolio beyond. But in a short to mid-term, these are all good growth drivers for us. 
Maulik Jasani: So just to quickly add to complete the story, as you would have seen in the presentation, we have 
given the data of SKUs that have been developed every year, so about 500, 600 new SKUs. One 
SKU is one particular type of product, which has strengthened my SKUs to beyond 8,000. Now, 
these are the new products, which are the pipeline for to us going forward, and that is an indicator 
that how the pipeline is quite robust. 
On the bushings also and stampings, we are developing new products, new variations, multiple 
variations. So, we are feeding the pipeline there also. I think the serviceable market is much 
bigger, and we should continuously see at least at the India engineering level a minimum 15% 
growth year-over-year in a normalized situation. We don't find any problem, whereas the bearing 
industry per se globally doesn't grow more than maybe 7% to 8%. This is where we are. 
Jay Shah: Understood. Understood, sir. Thank you so much for the detailed answer. Just one more follow-
up on the same, sir. Since you said that, you know, in -sourcing is a big strategy and a lot of 
manufacturing is moving to India and since  Harsha is already, you know, engaged with all the 
bushing, bearing majors of the world, is there any discussions with all these bearing majors to, 
you know, given Harsha's capabilities, that more and more parts apart from bushings and even 
caging’s and other components that they are looking at more parts to give to Harsha, given your 
capabilities and your relationships? 
Vishal Rangwala: So we, you know, we are not really going beyond , you know  stamping products with our 
customer. So at times, we expand our  portfolio with our customer beyond bearing cages and 
we've successfully done that, but primarily that would mean stamped product beyond bearing 
cages and few other products.  
We do not really intend to majorly as we speak today, you know, we are not we are not, having 
a strategy to go into any other specific bearing components beyond cages and, you know, related 
stamping and other components. This may change, but right now that's our, you know, stated 
position. 
Management: And there is a reason, I have a very big headroom for growth. So if in India my wallet share is 
say 70%, 80%, 90%, overseas, within all these big customers, the wallet share varies from 10% 
to 20% on the three established old relations and maybe 2% to 3% with Japan-based customers. 
So, I can grow the wallet share a little bit where there is more business. So at this point in time, 
of course, we have diversified into bushings and stampings which are related, but in cage we are 
focused to take maximum wallet share, going forward. 
===== PAGE 14 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Jay Shah: Understood, sir. Superb. Sir, what was the reason, if I may ask, that over the last few years that 
we couldn't ramp up the wallet share? Were they looking for facilities outside India, I mean, 
basically closer to their end customer or factory? And was that the reason that we couldn't scale 
up and that's why we are putting more money now in Romania and China? 
Vishal Rangwala: So, I think primarily the market, the last few years we faced the big challenge of de -growth in 
our biggest market of Europe and little bit in China side, specifically and even little bit US last 
year. Now having said that, you know, they , they have started coming back so partially our 
growth is driven by that and also our growth currently is driven by all the new additional wallet 
share we won during that time, but realization got delayed and now they are into execution.  
So, we, we don't see that as a challenge, but as a , as a wallet share de -growth, but more of we 
couldn't move the wallet share and the market softened over a , our big, our biggest market 
softened over last couple of years. 
Jay Shah: So, sir, would it be fair to assume in Europe like it has happened in chemicals and even in some 
cases casting forgings, a lot of big players have gone out of business, has our sect or also seen 
some consolidation and that's why we are now more confident to get incremental wallet share? 
Management: Yes, you're right. I can't share any specific names, but yes, there is some consolidation and that 
is also driving our endeavour to, you know, increase our wallet share. You're right. 
Jay Shah: Understood. Thank you. And just as a last question, if you could throw some light on sectors 
that are really doing well in India and Europe . End sectors as you would be speaking to your 
customers and their customers over a medium to long term. 
Vishal Rangwala: So, you know, we are seeing as I said overall also across, I mean, without going into subsector, 
industrial has been doing very well last six months plus and current indication is that that should 
continue. And we are seeing good growth on the automotive side specifically India and some 
potential green shoots on the automotive across the globe, but not very clear about that one. 
 In general, as yet wind has not picked up in Europe, which we are, one of the factor of, the plant 
in Romania facility is quite focused on was quite focused on wind as a primary market. So that 
is not yet a great news, but beyond that, we are seeing industrial sector across the Board growing 
and supporting even we are seeing positive signs of railway in India and across the globe some 
factor orders coming in specific to that and so on. 
 But I we again -- we would not have a very sharp insight into a sub-segment because at the end 
of the day we supply to customer who assembl es it and gives it to a sector or industrial or 
automotive. So that's a little bit of limitation from our side to be able to clearly tell you that. 
Jay Shah: Understood, sir. Thank you so much for answering all the questions in detail. All the best for the 
future. 
Vishal Rangwala: Thanks, Jay bhai. Thanks. 
===== PAGE 15 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, if you look at our two last two financial years, we have been capex to the tune of closer to 
INR210 crore for FY '25 and INR120 crore for FY '26. And now the plant and the property plant 
and equipment closing balance is at INR615 crore. So at peak utilization levels, what should be 
the likelihood number? I think so now with the inflationary trend, what should be the revenue 
trajectory that we are anticipating or how should we look at this number of INR300 crore 
translating into the business opportunities going ahead? 
Management: So, before Maulik bhai, gives you specific answer, one thing. The new capex of Advantek also 
includes the fundamental infrastructure development, which will not immediately translate into 
a fixed asset multiple, as a revenue multiple. But yes, Maulik. 
Maulik Jasani: That's right. And that's why, Mr. Saket, if you see our overall plant and machinery is obviously 
the net block you have seen. But considering the capability and followed by our maintenance 
capex, we expect the current set of business can easily reach us at India level around INR2,400 
crore to INR2,500 crore. And console level can be around INR2,700 crore to 3,000 crore, depend 
on what kind of capacity we look into. Because at console, we also have a casting capacity, 
which is an independent capacity from the cage. This is the input to your questions, Mr. Saket. 
Saket Kapoor: Sir, last year, we did around, I think, so more than INR100 crore for the bushing segment. So 
what have we outlined for the current year? How are the order books for the bushing segment in 
particular? 
Maulik Jasani: Yeah, Vishal bhai has already covered in his introduction. And the expectation this year, is also 
to continue similar growth trajectory of around 25% to 30%. 
Management: We did INR127 crores in FY '26? 
Management: In bushings. 
Saket Kapoor: And in the cages part also, sir, I think for the large cages, we were finding it more headwinds 
going ahead, correct me there. So in terms of the product profile, which segment are you seeing 
better opportunities and how should the category perform? 
Management: Large size cages have done about INR50 crores, 14% growth this year. We expect at least this 
segment to keep on growing in mid -teens without any problem, 15 % to 20%, no issue. Lot  of 
things are in pipeline. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay, sir, as you alluded to the earlier reply that we are anticipating mid -teen growth for the 
current financial year. So and what should be the EBITDA margin trajectory? 
Maulik Jasani: EBITDA, we do not know, sir . We continue to say, Saket, the blended EBITDA only, but we 
expect our EBITDA, as you must have seen in the last few quarters, it has improved and we 
expect it to continue to improve marginally. And over the period of 2 to 3 years, our expectation 
is overall increase of 100 to 200 basis points in our EBITDA. 
===== PAGE 16 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Management: At the console level? 
Maulik Jasani: At the console level. 
Management: India has been consistently doing about 20%, as you know. 
Maulik Jasani: We have already given these inputs before. 
Saket Kapoor: Okay, sir. All the best to the team, sir. And this time also, we are coming up with our AGM also 
earlier. So a lot of insights and annual report would be at our disposal much early than what it 
used to be. So, thank you for the team for looking into this. 
Management: Appreciate your input. Thank you, Saket. 
Saket Kapoor: All the best. Thank you. Namaskar. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next follow-up question comes from the line of Jason Soans with IDBI Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: Sir, thanks for taking my question again. Sir, just wanted to know the absolute value of the 
stampings revenue for FY '26? 
Maulik Jasani: Stamping absolute value. Around INR60 crore. 
Jason Soans: It's INR60 crore. And this is also expected to grow by 20% at least next year? 
Vishal Rangwala: Yeah, yeah. It will grow better. Yeah. 
Jason Soans: Okay. Okay. Sure. And sir, just a follow-up question. I just wanted to know, I mean, again when 
I go to the past, you know, I spoke about this, the Europe demand was weak, now we are seeing 
situation improving on the ground. Just wanted to know, sir, what is your thought on the because 
it's a very important market for us, what is your thought on the sustainability of this demand, has 
something changed on the ground that, you know, demand trends are coming back? Just wanted 
some color. 
You've done a lot of restructuring etc etera as well, is that working out well or has the macro 
situation improved? Just give us some color on the demand situation in Europe and how 
sustainable this can be? 
Vishal Rangwala: So as I've said earlier, Europe is slowly improving, there is no like a definite like a big stroke of 
improvement. We are seeing slow sustained improvement happening in Europe from a demand 
point of view. On the, you know, some improvement and structuring, we still see that there is an 
ongoing work, we don't have completely we are not done yet and there is lot of still pending 
work within that in terms of creating a right cost structure in Europe. 
 We are continuing to face massive inflationary pressure in Europe, which is also adding to this 
whole challenge. So, from a n overall outlook, we are bullish on the demand side of it. We are 
we are seeing, I think someone was mentioning about, you know, there are because of the 
===== PAGE 17 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
downturn and the inflationary challenges lot of companies have, you know, has an impact and, 
you know, we are hopefully so far surviving, but we are also evaluating can how long we can 
do with this kind of negative margins. 
 So how we can quickly improve on the ope rational side further and also, we are looking to 
improve on the top line faster, that's the intent. Having said that, I don't have a very clear 
direction or, like, an input from our customer on that demand improving to the level needed 
immediately, and we are continuing to work on the cost side of it. So again, a very hazy picture, 
but that's what we are working with right now. But very hopeful and positive. 
Jason Soans: Okay, sure. And sir, just wanted to know in terms of bushings you have seen very good growth 
and expectations are also for a good growth ahead as well. So, what is driving this growth in the 
bushing space? 25-30% is very healthy. So just wanted to know what is driving this growth, sir, 
on this front? 
Vishal Rangwala: So, this is primarily there is a conversion of design. So, in the wind market, wind gearbox, there 
is a conversion happening on a so if you look at a planetary gearbox, the planets which  were 
earlier using bearings are now using bushings and that is driving this drastic growth. So, the 
underlying market is roughly the same or maybe growing, the wind market specifically in India, 
but it's the growth is driven by more and more design coming  under the bushing concept vis-à-
vis the earlier design of bearing concept. 
Jason Soans: Okay, sure. So that's more driven through a design change, which is good. Okay. Okay. 
Vishal Rangwala: Substitute market. 
Jason Soans: Yeah. Okay. Sure. And sir, just in terms of stampings, I would just assume that in terms of end-
user markets, it will be again varied between automotive and industrial. Is my understanding 
correct? 
Vishal Rangwala: Correct. It's a whole lot of automotive, industrial, railway, as well as we work with one big chunk 
is going into consumer goods, white goods. So, we are making big growth driver for us, one of 
the big growth driver for us is air-conditioning compressor components, as well as white goods, 
like a home appliance some of the stamping components for that, and that is, you know, driving 
that growth. 
Jason Soans: Okay. White goods is okay, so it goes into white goods as well, which is pretty good. Okay, with 
the AC market also going to expand. Okay, that's good, sir. And just finally, sir, wanted to know, 
I mean, in terms of the Middle East crisis, we have seen this of course. Now, just wanted to 
know any issues during the quarter in terms of any logistical issues, shipping, or any raw material 
price increases going ahead. Do you envisage anything impacting us adversely? 
Vishal Rangwala: I think there is definitely an impact on the cost side of it which we are trying to mitigate. I don't 
have a clear answer on that to what extent and where, but it is we are seeing the impact across 
the board on the input side of the, you know, specifically when we use some of the oils, 
lubrication things in the in our production, that all cost has a cost impact.  Our plastic cage 
===== PAGE 18 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
material obviously has gone up. That is also an issue which we are dealing w ith or addressing 
it, countering it, or passing on, working on passing on. 
 But on the logistics front, so far, we have not seen any impact, specifically because if you 
remember this whole Suez Canal crisis happened about two -three quarters back and anyway  
shipping route had taken the hit and impact a few quarters back. So that that route shipping route 
has remained clear of current immediate crisis for us, at least. 
Jason Soans: Okay, sure. Considering that also, sir, I mean you see margins you can basical ly improve from 
here on. I understand there is this could be a near -term pressure, but even considering this you 
can expect going ahead we can basically improve margins or at least maintain margins current 
margins? 
Vishal Rangwala: Our intention is that. There is definitely pressure on other material. Yeah, on the input material 
for sure. 
Jason Soans: Sure. Thank you so much for this time, sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Maulik Jasani: Thank you, Jason. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Hiten Boricha: Yeah, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, mostly my questions has been answered. So, you 
mentioned a growth will be around in mid-teens for India as well as for overseas business. So, I 
just wanted to know the number on the solar segment. We have did a very good growth on the 
solar segment from INR140 -- INR140-odd crores to around INR185 crores. So, can you share 
the number on that? Solar growth. 
Maulik Jasani: So, we expe ct solar also to continue grow well. I think you are asking for the solar growth 
estimates, right? 
Hiten Boricha: Yes, sir. I think it's grown around 30%-35% right? 
Maulik Jasani: So solar is also in the tailwind side, and solar will continue to grow becau se the government 
policies are much favourable, especially in Gujarat territory, and we expect it to grow more than 
25% also going forward. 
Hiten Boricha: Okay. And with that growth, EBITDA margin should improve from current level, right, sir? It 
has seen a very good operating leverage from 4.5% to 8.5% level in FY '26. So, it should improve 
there as well, right, sir? 
Maulik Jasani: We expect solar to maintain the last year reported EBITDA margin, maybe marginal 
improvement over there. 
Hiten Boricha: Understood, sir. Yeah, yeah. Thank you. 
Maulik Jasani: Thank you. 
===== PAGE 19 =====
  Harsha Engineers International Limited
  May 07, 2026 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants, I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala for closing comments. 
Vishal Rangwala: So, thank you very much everyone for attending this conference. Appreciate your time so late 
in the day and thank you and have a good evening. 
Maulik Jasani: Thank you. 
Moderator: On behalf of Harsha Engineers International Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
everyone for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 