
[page 1]
                                                                Date: 20th December, 2025

To
The BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Fort
Mumbai – 400 001

Scrip Code: 544091 | Symbol: QLL

Subject: Outcome of Board Meeting of Qualitek Labs Limited (“The Company”) held on 20th
December, 2025 pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

Dear Sir / Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015 (“SEBI LODR Regulations”), read with Schedule III, Part A thereof, we wish to inform you that the
Board of Directors of Qualitek Labs Limited (“the Company”) at its meeting held on Saturday, 20th
December, 2025 at 11:30 A.M. at the Corporate Office of the Company situated at C-40, Sector-57,
Noida, Uttar Pradesh – 201301, inter alia, considered and approved the following matters:

1. Issuance of Non-Convertible Debentures

The Board approved the proposal for issuance and allotment of secured, unlisted, redeemable, non-
convertible debentures (“NCDs”) of face value of ₹1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh only) each, aggregating
Up to an amount of ₹ 65,00,00,000 (Rupees Sixty Five Crores only), on a private placement basis,
subject to receipt of necessary statutory, regulatory and shareholder approvals, as applicable.

The disclosures required pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/123 dated
July 13, 2023 are provided in Annexure – I to this intimation.

2. Appointment of Debenture Trustee

The Board approved the appointment of Vistra ITCL (India) Limited as the Debenture Trustee in
connection with the proposed issuance of the aforesaid NCDs.

3. Creation of Charge / Security and Furnishing of Guarantees

The Board approved the creation of security interest and furnishing of guarantees, as may be required,
in connection with the proposed issuance of NCDs, including but not limited to:

    •  mortgage and/or hypothecation over movable and immovable assets of the Company and certain
      group entities;
    •  pledge of shares and non-disposal undertakings;
    •   creation of charge over escrow accounts and debt service reserve accounts (DSRA);
    •   furnishing of corporate guarantees by group entities; and
    •   furnishing of personal guarantees by promoters / directors,

in accordance with the terms to be finalized with the Debenture Trustee and subject to receipt of
applicable approvals, including shareholder approval under Section 180(1)(a) of the Companies Act,
2013, wherever required.
[page 2]
4. Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting

The Board approved the convening of an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the shareholders of
the Company to seek approval for:

    •   creation of security over the assets of the Company pursuant to Section 180(1)(a) of the
      Companies Act, 2013; and

    •  approval of material related party transactions, if any, in accordance with the applicable provisions
        of the SEBI LODR Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013.

The date, time and venue of the EGM shall be intimated separately in due course.

The Company shall make further disclosures as and when required under applicable provisions of the
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

The meeting commenced at 11:30 A.M. and concluded at 12:45 P.M.

The above information is also available on the Company’s website at:
https://www.qualiteklab.com/compliances/

For Qualitek Labs Limited

                       Digitally signed by
                ANTARYAMIANTARYA
               NAYAK
 MI NAYAK Date: 2025.12.20
                    12:52:36 +05'30'
Antaryami Nayak
Managing Director
DIN: 07232463


Encl.: As mentioned above
[page 3]
Annexure – I

Disclosure pursuant to SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2023/123 dated
July 13, 2023
  Sr.               Particulars                                    Details
 No.
 a.    Type of securities proposed to be       Secured,    unlisted,   redeemable,   non-convertible
        issued                               debentures (NCDs)

 b.    Type of issuance                         Private Placement

 c.     Total number of securities proposed to  Up to 6500 NCDs of face value ₹1,00,000 (Rupees One
       be issued or the total amount for which  Lakh only) each
       the    securities    will   be   issued

 d.     Size of the issue                  Up to ₹65,00,00,000/- (Rupees Sixty-Five Crores only)

 e.    Whether proposed to be listed? If yes,  No
      name of the stock exchange(s);

  f.     Tenure  of the instrument  - date  of  The tenure, date of allotment and date of maturity shall
        allotment and date of maturity        be determined at the time of allotment, in accordance
                                               with the final terms approved by the Board and agreed
                                               with the Debenture Trustee

 g.     Coupon/interest  offered, schedule  of  As per the final terms of the Issue and the Transaction
      payment   of   coupon/interest  and  Documents
         principal

 h.     Charge/security, if any, created over   By way of mortgage, hypothecation, pledge of shares,
       the assets                           charge over escrow and DSRA accounts, non-disposal
                                              undertakings, corporate and personal guarantees and
                                               other security as specified in the Transaction Documents

  i.      Special   right/   interest/   privileges   Nil
       attached   to  the  instrument  and
       changes thereof
  j.     Delay in payment of interest/principal  Not applicable
      amount for a period of more than three
      months from the due date or default in
      payment of interest/principal

 k.     Details  of any  letter  or comments  The Company will issue private placement offer in form
       regarding  payment/non-payment  of  PAS 4 covering details and financial summary of the
         interest, principal on due dates, or any  Company. No matters adversely affecting the security
        other matter concerning the security  and/or the assets of the Company occurred as on date.
      and  /or  the  assets  along  with  its
      comments thereon, if any

  l.      Details of redemption of Debentures,  Redeemable; manner and timing shall be as per the final
        indicating the manner of redemption    terms of the Issue and Transaction Documents
 m.   Any  cancellation  or  termination  of  Not applicable
        proposal  for  issuance  of  securities,
        including reasons thereof.