
[page 1]
                                                                     Date: June 25, 2025

To
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Fort
Mumbai – 400 001

Scrip Code: 544091 | Company Name: Qualitek Labs Limited (“the Company”)

Subject: Outcome and brief summary of the Proceedings of the Extraordinary General Meeting
(EGM) of the Company held on June 25, 2025.

Dear Sir/Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, read with Part A of Schedule III, we hereby inform you that the Extraordinary General Meeting
(EGM) of the members of Qualitek Labs Limited was duly convened and held on Wednesday, June 25,
2025 at 11:30 A.M. IST and concluded at 12:15 P.M. IST at C-40, Near Nexa Showroom, Block C, Sector
57, Noida, Uttar Pradesh – 201301. The business item(s) as set out in the Notice convening the EGM
were transacted at the meeting.

A brief summary of the proceedings of the said meeting is enclosed herewith for your kind reference and
records.

The   above    information     is    also    available   on    the   Company’s    website    at:
https://www.qualiteklab.com/compliances/

You are kindly requested to take the above on record.

Thanking you.

Yours faithfully,
For Qualitek Labs Limited

                       Digitally signed byMAYAN MAYANK GARG
 K GARG Date:17:07:002025.06.25+05'30'
Mayank Garg
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ACS-76038

Encl.: Brief Summary of the Proceedings of EGM held on June 25, 2025
[page 2]
Brief summary of the proceedings of Extraordinary General Meeting of Qualitek Labs Limited
                  (“the Company”) held on June 25, 2025 (Wednesday)

   A. Details of the Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM):

    We are pleased to inform you that the Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was
       held today, i.e., Wednesday, June 25, 2025, at 11:30 A.M. IST at C-40, Near Nexa Showroom,
       Block C, Sector 57, Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India – 201301, and concluded at 12:15 P.M. IST.

      The Company had provided remote e-voting facility to its members in accordance with the
       applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
      Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The remote e-voting commenced on Sunday, June 22, 2025
       at 9:00 A.M. IST and ended on Tuesday, June 24, 2025 at 5:00 P.M. IST for the members whose
     names appeared in the Register of Members/ in the Register of Beneficial Owners maintained by
      the depositories as on the cut-off date, i.e., Wednesday, June 18, 2025.

       Further, to facilitate those members who were present at the meeting and had not cast their
      votes through remote e-voting, the Company also provided the facility for voting by way of poll
        (ballot paper) during the meeting.

     A total of 08 members attended the meeting, either in person or through their authorized
       representatives.

   B. Proceedings in brief:

      •  Mr. Mayank Garg, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer, welcomed all the Directors and
        the shareholders of the Company. After ascertaining that the requisite quorum was present,
        the Company Secretary declared the meeting to be in order. Thereafter, Company Secretary
         introduced all the Directors present in the meeting.

      •  Mr. Antaryami Nayak, Managing Director of the Company, chaired the meeting.

      •  The Company Secretary informed the members that M/s. Ronak Jhuthawat & Co., Practicing
       Company Secretaries (COP No. 12094), had been appointed as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the
         voting process conducted through poll (ballot papers) at the meeting in a fair and transparent
        manner.

      •  The Company Secretary informed the members that the statutory registers and other relevant
       documents as required under the Companies Act, 2013 were available for physical inspection
         at the meeting venue.

      •   It was further informed that proxies and authorized representatives who had been duly
        appointed and submitted their instruments within the prescribed timelines were permitted to
        attend and participate in the meeting.

      •  The Company Secretary confirmed that the Company had taken all necessary steps to ensure
       smooth conduct of the meeting and facilitate voting by members on the resolutions proposed
          in the EGM Notice.

      •  With the consent of the members present, the Notice convening the Extraordinary General
        Meeting along with the Corrigendum was taken as read.

      •  The Company Secretary then gave a brief overview of the agenda items as set out in the Notice
       and Corrigendum and explained the purpose and rationale behind each proposed resolution.

      •  Members were invited to cast their votes through physical ballot papers (poll) provided at the
       venue for those who had not voted through remote e-voting.
[page 3]
        The following items of Special Business were transacted at the Extraordinary General Meeting
        and were passed as Special Resolutions with the requisite majority:

         1. To consider and approve the issue of Equity Shares to the Shareholders of Interstellar Testing
           Centre Private Limited by way of Share Swap.

         2. To approve granting of loan, or provision of guarantee or security in connection with any
            loan availed by the Company’s Subsidiaries or any other person, as per Section 185 and/or
          186 of the Companies Act, 2013.

Thereafter, the speaker members were invited to express their questions, feedback, suggestions, or
comments, if any. The queries raised by the members were duly addressed by the Chairman and the
management team.

The Company Secretary then extended a formal vote of thanks to the Members, Directors, Management
Team, Stakeholders, and all participants for their active participation and continued support. Thereafter,
the meeting was concluded.


Notes:

    •  The voting results of the resolutions passed at the meeting will be intimated separately to the
       stock exchange in compliance with the applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
       Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

    •   This document represents a summary of the proceedings of the Extraordinary General Meeting
      and does not constitute the minutes of the meeting as required under the Companies Act, 2013.



Thanking you.
For Qualitek Labs Limited

                      Digitally signed byMAYAN MAYANK GARG
K GARG  Date:17:07:232025.06.25+05'30'
Mayank Garg
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ACS-76038

Place: - Noida
Date: - 25th June 2025