
[page 1]
                                                                                                 Date: September 24,2026
To,
BSE Limited
Listing Department
Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street,
Mumbai- 400 001

Scrip Code: 544091

Subject      :     Notice calling the Extra-Ordinary General Meeting scheduled to be held on Friday, October 16, 2026.

Dear Sir/ Madam,

Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
2015, (“Listing Regulation”) we are enclosing the Notice of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) along with the Explanatory Statement
of the Company scheduled to be held on Friday, October 16, 2026, at 12:30 PM through Video Conferencing / Other Audio-Visual Means.

Pursuant to Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014,
and Regulation 44 of the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Company is providing to its members the facility to cast their votes on the resolutions
proposed at the EGM through remote e-voting.

The schedule of events for remote e-voting is as follows:

                Event                          Day & Date                           Time
  Cut-off date for eligibility to vote                      Friday, October 09, 2026                                        -
 Commencement of remote e-voting                 Tuesday, October 13, 2026                      9:00 A.M. (IST)
 End of remote e-voting                            Thursday, October 15, 2026                      5:00 P.M. (IST)
 Extra Ordinary General Meeting                       Friday, October 16, 2026                      12:30 P.M. (IST)

The attached Notice of EGM along with the Explanatory Statement is available on the Company's website https://www.qualiteklab.com/

This is for your information and records.

For Qualitek Labs Limited
                                                                                                           Digitally signed by ANTARYAMI NAYAK
                                                                                DN: c=IN, postalCode=134112, st=HARYANA, street=471 ,SECTOR 2 ,PANCHKULA,134112,
                                                                              l=PANCHKULA, o=Personal,
                                                                                   serialNumber=434390c6b57989a73c93f6d67b3b282e9afdaefe34ab243548f104845339e73a,
                                                                                pseudonym=c32a598d0b8e4e54a04368a1f41d2d6b,ANTARYAMI NAYAK    2.5.4.20=495a718db0b2cf2c2c189e2b96d8174b16c07aaa6b842c81eafb15ab93d0b407,email=ANTARYAMI.NAYAK@ITCLABS.COM, cn=ANTARYAMI NAYAK
                                                                                              Date: 2026.09.24 14:59:22 +05'30'
Antaryami Nayak
Managing Director
DIN: 07232463

Place: Noida
Date: September 24, 2026





                                                                                                                Page 1 of 19
[page 2]
                                         Notice of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting

Notice is hereby given that an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) of the Members of Qualitek Labs Limited will be held on Friday,
October 16, 2026, at 12:30 PM through Video Conferencing / Other Audio-Visual Means, to transact the following Special businesses:

SPECIAL BUSINESS:

Item No. 1.    Issuance of Equity Shares on a Preferential Basis to the persons belonging to the Promoter/Promoter Group and Non-
             Promoter Category/Strategic Investors:

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 42, 62(1)(c) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013
(hereinafter referred to as the "Companies Act") read with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, as amended
and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended and other relevant rules made there under (including any
statutory modification(s) thereto or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force), enabling provisions in Memorandum and Articles of
Association of the Company, provisions of the uniform listing agreements entered into by the Company with BSE Limited, where the shares
of the Company are listed ("Stock Exchange"), and in accordance with the guidelines, rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India ("SEBI"), as amended including the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended
("SEBI ICDR Regulations"), the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended ("SEBI LODR
Regulations"), and in accordance with other applicable rules, regulations, circulars, notifications, clarifications and guidelines issued
thereon, from time to time, by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, SEBI and / or any other competent authorities, and subject to the approvals,
consents, permissions and / or sanctions, as may be required from the Government of India, SEBI, Stock Exchange(s) and any other relevant
statutory, regulatory, governmental authorities or departments, institutions or bodies and subject to such terms, conditions, alterations,
corrections, changes, variations and / or modifications, if any, as may be prescribed by any one or more or all of them in granting such
approvals, consents, permissions and / or sanctions and which agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as
the "Board" which term shall be deemed to include any Committee, which the Board has constituted or may hereafter constitute, to exercise
one or more of its powers, including the powers conferred hereunder), the consent of the members of the Company be and is hereby accorded
to create, issue, offer and allot up to 3,86,000(Three Lakhs Eighty-Six Thousand) Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- (Rupees Ten each)
each, for Cash, aggregating up to ₹ 20,01,60,300/-(Rupee Twenty crore Obe Lakh Sixty Thousand and Three Hundred Only)  at an issue
price of ₹518.55/- (Rupee Five Hundred and Eighteen and Fifty-Five paise) each including the premium of ₹508.55/-/- (Rupee Five Hundred
and Eight and Fifty-Five paise) per Equity Share on preferential basis on such further terms and conditions as may be finalized by the Board
of Directors, to the below mentioned persons (“Proposed Allottee”) in the manner as follows:

                                                                                                     No. of Equity
  S. No.  Name of the Proposed Allotee                                                Category
                                                                                                             shares (up to)
   1     Ashish Rameshchandra Kacholia                                              Non-Promoter          1,73,200
   2     Kushal Jayesh Khandwala                                                    Non-Promoter          40,000
   3     Nutan Talwar                                                              Non-Promoter          18,000
   4      Jagattaraini Tieup Private Limited                                             Non-Promoter          16,000
   5     Rakesh Laroia                                                              Non-Promoter          12,000
   6     Shinohub Growth Ventures LLP                                               Non-Promoter           8,000
   7     Gohil Atulbhai                                                             Non-Promoter           8,000
   8     Niten Agarwal                                                              Non-Promoter           8,000
   9     Priyanka Tibrewal                                                          Non-Promoter           8,800
   10   RNR Wealth Management Private Limited                                      Non-Promoter           8,000
   11      Jatin Hinduja                                                               Non-Promoter           7,200
   12    Amit Bindra                                                               Non-Promoter           5,600
   13    Rahul Kumar                                                              Non-Promoter           5,600
   14   AU Consulting Partners through its Partners Nidhi Gupta and Girish Joshi            Non-Promoter           5,600
   15     Preety Agarwal                                                             Non-Promoter           5,600
   16      Priti Agarwal                                                              Non-Promoter           5,600
   17     Sachin Gupta                                                              Non-Promoter           5,600
   18     Sachin Kumar Bairasia                                                      Non-Promoter           5,600
   19    Tasha Zafar                                                                Non-Promoter           5,600
   20    Nidhi Gupta                                                               Non-Promoter           5,600


                                                                                                                Page 2 of 19
[page 3]
   21    Neetu Nahar                                                               Non-Promoter           5,600
   22    Mahesh Kumar Kheria                                                       Non-Promoter           5,600
   23    Darshan Dilipkumar Shah HUF                                               Non-Promoter           5,600
   24    Himanshi Kritarth Patel                                                      Non-Promoter           5,600
      H&A Ventures through its Partners Priyanka Himanshu Jain and Shipra Abhishek      Non-Promoter           4,800
   25
          Bhutra
   26    Kamal Grover                                                                  Promoter             1,200
                                                    Total                                                         3,86,000

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the provisions of Chapter V of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the ‘Relevant Date’ for the purpose
of determining the minimum issue price of the Equity Shares to be allotted to the above mentioned allottee shall be Wednesday, September
16, 2026, being the working day, 30 days prior to the meeting of members of the Company scheduled to be held to consider the Preferential
Issue i.e. Friday, October 16, 2026).

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the aforesaid issue of Equity Shares shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:

a)   The Equity shares to be issued and allotted shall be fully paid up and rank pari-passu with the existing equity shares of the Company
      in all respects (including with respect to dividend and voting powers) from the date of allotment thereof and be subject to the
      requirements of all applicable laws and shall be subject to the provisions of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association
      of the Company.

b)   The Equity Shares shall be allotted by the Company to the Proposed Allottee in dematerialized form within a period of 15 (Fifteen)
     days from the date of receipt of Members’ approval, provided that, where the issue and allotment of the said Equity Shares is pending
     on account of pendency of approval of any Regulatory Authority, the issue and allotment shall be completed within a period of 15
      (Fifteen) days from the date of receipt of last of such approvals.

c)   The price determined above shall be subject to appropriate adjustments as permitted under the rules, regulations, and laws, as applicable
     from time to time.

d)   The entire pre-preferential equity shareholding of the Proposed Allottee, if any, shall be subject to lock-in as per Regulation 167(6) of
      the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.

e)   The Equity Shares to be allotted shall be subject to locked-in for such period as specified in the provisions of Chapter V of the ICDR
      Regulations and any other applicable law for the time being in force.

f)    The Equity Shares to be issued & allotted to the Proposed Allottees pursuant to the Preferential Issue shall be listed and traded on the
      stock exchange where the existing equity shares of the Company are listed, subject to the receipt of necessary regulatory permissions
     and approvals, as the case may be.

g)   The Equity shares to be offered/issued and allotted shall not be sold, transferred, hypothecated, or encumbered in any manner during
      the period of lock-in provided under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations except to the extent and in the manner permitted thereunder.

h)   The Proposed Allottee shall, on or before the date of allotment of equity shares, pay an amount equivalent to 100% of the consideration
      for the Equity Shares to be allotted in line with the requirements of Regulation 169(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

i)    The consideration for allotment of Equity Shares shall be paid to the Company from the bank account of the Proposed Allottee.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, any director(s) and/or Company Secretary of the Company
be and is hereby authorised for the purpose of issue and allotment of the Equity Shares and listing thereof with the Stock Exchange, the Board
of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred to as the Board, which term shall include any Committee constituted by the Board or any
person(s) authorized by the Board to exercise the powers conferred on the Board through this resolution) and any Director or Company
Secretary of the Company be and is hereby authorized severally on behalf of the Company to take all actions and to do all such acts, deeds,
matters and things as it may in its absolute discretion consider necessary, desirable or expedient, including without limitation circulation of
the Private Placement Offer Letter in Form PAS-4 as prescribed under the Act, to make application to Stock Exchange for obtaining of in-
principle approval, listing of shares, filing of requisite documents with the Registrar of Companies, National Securities Depository Limited
(NSDL), Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL) and/ or such other authorities as may be necessary for the purpose, to resolve
and settle any questions and difficulties that may arise in the proposed issue, offer and allotment of the said equity shares, utilization of issue


                                                                                                                Page 3 of 19
[page 4]
proceeds, signing of all deeds and documents as may be required without being required to seek any further consent or approval of the
shareholders.”

Item No. 2.   Issuance of up to 5,20,000 Fully Convertible Warrants to the persons/ entities belonging to the “Promoter and
            Promoter Group” category on preferential basis.

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass, with or without modification(s), the following resolution as a Special Resolution:

“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Sections 42, 62(1)(c) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013
(hereinafter referred to as the “Companies Act”) read with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, as amended
and the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014, as amended and other relevant rules made there under [including any
statutory modification(s) thereto or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force], enabling provisions in Memorandum and Articles of
Association of the Company, provisions of the uniform listing agreement entered into with BSE Limited (“BSE”), where the equity shares
of the Company are listed (“Stock Exchange”), and in accordance with the guidelines, rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (“SEBI”), as amended including the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended
[“SEBI (ICDR) Regulations”], the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing
Regulations”), as amended, and in accordance with other applicable rules, regulations, circulars, notifications, clarifications and guidelines
issued thereon, from time to time, by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, SEBI and/or any other competent authorities, and subject to the approvals,
consents, permissions and/or sanctions, as may be required from the Government of India, SEBI, Stock Exchanges, and any other relevant
statutory, regulatory, governmental authorities or departments, institutions or bodies and subject to such terms, conditions, alterations,
corrections, changes, variations and/or modifications, if any, as may be prescribed by any one or more or all of them in granting such
approvals, consents, permissions and/or sanctions and which may be agreed to by the Board of Directors of the Company (hereinafter referred
to as the “Board” which term shall be deemed to include any Committee, which the Board has constituted or may hereafter constitute, to
exercise one or more of its powers, including the powers conferred hereunder), consent of the Members of the Company be and is hereby
accorded to the Board to create, issue, offer and allot, on a preferential basis, up to 5,20,000 (Five Lakhs Twenty Thousand) Fully
Convertible Warrants at an issue price of ₹ 518.55/- each, determined in accordance with the provisions of Chapter V of SEBI (Issue of
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, to be convertible at an option of Warrant holder(s) in one or more tranches within
18 (Eighteen) months from its allotment date into an equivalent number of fully paid-up equity shares of the face value of ₹ 10/- each, for
cash, for an aggregate amount of up to ₹ 26,96,46,000/-(Rupees Twenty Six Crores Ninety Six Lakhs and Forty Six Thousands Only),
and to issue Fresh Equity shares on the conversion of warrants at an issue price of ₹518.55/- (Rupee Five Hundred and Eighteen and Fifty-
Five paise) each including the premium of ₹508.55/-/- (Rupee Five Hundred and Eight and Fifty-Five paise) on such further terms and
conditions as may be finalized by the Board of Directors, to the below mentioned persons/ entities belonging to the “Promoter & Promoter
Group” category (“Proposed Allottees”) in the manner as follows:

   S. No.   Name of the Proposed Allotee                             Category                  No. of Warrants (up to)
       1.    TIC Services Private Limited                                 Promoter                                   5,20,000
                                               Total                                                                  5,20,000



RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in terms of the provisions of Chapter V of SEBI ICDR Regulations, the ‘Relevant Date’ for the purpose
of determining the minimum issue price of the Warrants to be allotted to the above mentioned allottee shall be Wednesday, September 16,
2026, being the working day, 30 days prior to the meeting of members of the Company scheduled to be held to consider the Preferential Issue
(i.e., Friday, October 16, 2026).

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the aforesaid issue of Warrants shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:

a)   The conversion of warrants into equity shares shall happen at any time, in one or more tranches, within a period of eighteen (18) months
     from the date of allotment of warrants in terms of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations;

b)   The Proposed Allottee(s) shall, on or before the date of allotment of Warrants, pay an amount equivalent to at least 25% of the Warrant
      Issue Price fixed per Warrant, in terms of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, which will be kept by the Company to be adjusted and
      appropriated against the Warrant Issue Price of the Equity Shares. The balance of 75% of the Warrant Issue Price shall be payable by
      the Warrant Holder at the time of exercising the Warrants.

c)    Warrants being allotted to the Proposed Allottee(s) and the Equity Shares proposed to be allotted pursuant to the conversion of these
      Warrants shall be under lock-in for such period as may be prescribed under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.




                                                                                                                Page 4 of 19
[page 5]
d)    Warrants so allotted under this resolution and Equity Shares arising on conversion thereof shall not be sold, transferred, hypothecated,
      or encumbered in any manner during the period of lock-in provided under SEBI (ICDR) Regulations except to the extent and in the
     manner permitted there under.

e)    Warrants shall be issued and allotted by the Company only in dematerialized form within a period of 15 days from the date of passing
      a Special Resolution by the members, provided that where the issue and allotment of said warrants is pending on account of pendency
      of any approval for such issue and allotment by the Stock Exchange and/or Regulatory Authorities, or Central Government, the issue
     and allotment shall be completed within the period of 15 days from the date of last such approval or within such further period/s as
    may be prescribed or allowed by the SEBI, the Stock Exchange and/or Regulatory Authorities etc.

f)    The consideration for allotment of Warrants and/or Equity Shares arising out of exercise of such Warrants shall be paid to the Company
     from the bank account of the Proposed Allottee(s).

g)    In the event the Warrant Holder(s) do not exercise Warrants within the Warrant Exercise Period, the Warrants shall lapse, and the
     amount paid shall stand forfeited by the Company.

h)   The Warrants themselves, until converted into Equity Shares, do not give Warrant Holder any voting rights in the Company in respect
      of such Warrants.

i)    The Resulting Equity Shares will be listed and traded on the stock exchange, where the equity shares of the Company are listed, subject
      to the receipt of necessary regulatory permission(s) and approval(s), as the case may be.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Equity Shares proposed to be allotted upon conversion of Warrants shall rank pari-passu in all respects
including as to dividend, with the existing fully paid-up Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- (Rupees Ten Only) each of the Company, subject
to the relevant provisions contained in the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association of the Company.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board be and is hereby authorized to delegate all or any of the powers herein conferred, as it may deem
fit in its absolute discretion, to any committee of the Board or any one or more Director(s)/ Company Secretary/any Officer(s) of the Company
to give effect to the aforesaid resolution.

RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution any director(s) and/or Company Secretary of the Company
be and is hereby authorized severally on behalf of the Company to take all actions and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and
perform such actions as it may, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary, proper or desirable for such purpose, authorize any person including
to issue and allot such number of Equity Shares of the Company as may be required to be issued and allotted upon exercise of the option in
the Warrants held by the holder(s) of the Warrants, application to Stock Exchange for obtaining of in-principle approval, listing of the equity
shares allotted pursuant to conversion of warrants, filing of requisite documents with the Registrar of Companies and with any other regulatory
authority as required, and to modify, accept and give effect to any modifications in the terms and conditions of the issue as they may deem
fit, including without limitation, issuing clarifications, resolving all questions of doubt, effecting any modifications or changes to the
foregoing (including modification to the terms of the issue), entering into contracts, arrangements, agreements, documents (including for
appointment of agencies, intermediaries and advisors for the Preferential Issue).”

By Order of the Board
For Qualitek Labs Limited



Antaryami Nayak
Managing Director
DIN: 07232463

Place: Noida
Date: September 23, 2026





                                                                                                                Page 5 of 19
[page 6]
Notes:

1.     The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 relating to special business to be transacted at Extra
       Ordinary General (the “Meeting”) is annexed herewith.

2.     Pursuant Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) vide its General Circular No. 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 read with circulars
        issued earlier on the subject (“MCA Circulars”) and SEBI vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD2/P/CIR/2024/133 dated
       October 3, 2024 read with the circulars issued earlier on the subject (“SEBI Circulars”), have permitted to conduct the Extra Ordinary
       General Meeting (“EGM”) virtually, without physical presence of Members at a common venue. In compliance with the MCA
        Circulars and SEBI Circulars, the provisions of the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, the EGM of the Company is being held
         virtually. In line with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, the Notice calling the
    EGM has been uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.qualiteklab.com/ The Notice can also be accessed from the
       websites of the Stock Exchange i.e. BSE Limited at https://www.bseindia.com/ and the EGM Notice is also available on the website
       of CDSL (agency for providing the Remote e-Voting facility) i.e. www.evotingindia.com

3.     Since this EGM is held through Video Conference/Other Audio-Visual Means (VC/OAVM), route map to the venue is not required
       and therefore, the same is not annexed to this Notice.

4.     The Members can join the EGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the commencement of
        the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation at the EGM through VC/OAVM will
       be made available for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding
     2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit
       Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to
        attend the EGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis.

5.     The Register of Directors’ and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding maintained under Section 170 of the Companies
       Act, 2013, the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the Directors are interested under Section 189 of the Companies Act,
      2013 and all other documents referred to in the Notice will be open for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company during
       business hours except on holidays, up to and including the date of the Extra Ordinary General Meeting.

6.     The attendance of the Members attending the EGM through VC/OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning the quorum
       under Section 103 of the Companies Act, 2013.

7.     Appointment of Proxy and Attendance Slip: Pursuant to the Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020, issued by the Ministry of
       Corporate Affairs, the facility to appoint proxy to attend and cast vote for the members is not available for this EGM. However, the
      Body Corporates are entitled to appoint authorized representatives to attend the EGM through VC/OAVM and participate there at
       and cast their votes through e-voting.

8.     Corporate shareholders/institutional shareholders intending to send their authorized representative(s) to attend/ vote at the EGM are
       requested to send from their registered e-mail address, scan copy of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority Letter, etc. authorizing
         their representative(s) to attend / vote, to the Scrutinizer on his e-mail ID at csronakjhutawat@gmail.com with a copy marked to
       helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com and company.secretary@qualiteklab.com

9.     M/s Ronak Jhuthawat & Co., Proprietor Ronak Jhuthawat, Practicing Company secretary (CP No. 12094 Membership No.: 9738),
       has been appointed as a scrutinizer to scrutinize the remote e-voting and e-voting during EGM to be carried out in a fair and transparent
      manner and they have communicated their willingness to be appointed and will be available for the said purpose.

10.    E-Voting: Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management
       and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) the Secretarial Standard on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the ICSI and Regulation
      44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the Circulars issued by the Ministry
       of Corporate Affairs from time to time the Company is providing facility of remote e-Voting to its Members in respect of the business
        to be transacted at the EGM. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with, Central Depository Services (India)
       Limited (“CDSL”). for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a
      member using remote e-Voting system as well as e-voting on the date of the EGM will be provided by CDSL.

11.   EGM has been convened through VC/OAVM in compliance with applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with MCA
        Circular No. 14/2020 dated April 08, 2020 and MCA Circular No. 17/2020 dated April 13, 2020, MCA Circular No. 20/2020 dated
     May 05, 2020 and MCA Circular No. 2/2021 dated January 13, 2021.

                                                                                                                Page 6 of 19
[page 7]
12.     In line with the aforesaid MCA Circular, The Notice of this EGM is being sent to Members only through electronic mode to their
       emails registered with the Company whose name appear in the register of members/list of beneficiaries received from the depositories
        as on Friday, September 18, 2026. Members may note that the notice will also be available on the company's website,
       https://www.qualiteklab.com/ and of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited. The EGM notice is also available on the website of
     CDSL (agency for providing the e-voting facility) i.e. www.evotingindia.com.

13.    The remote e-voting period commences on Tuesday, 13th October 2026 (9.00 A.M. IST) to Thursday, 15th October 2026 (5.00
      P.M. IST). During this period, members of the Company holding shares as on cut-off date i.e. Friday, 09th October 2026 may cast
         their vote electronically. The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”).
        for voting thereafter. Once the vote on a resolution is cast by the member, he / she shall not be allowed to change it subsequently. The
       voting rights of members (for voting through remote e-voting before the EGM and remote e-voting during the EGM) shall be in
       proportion to their shares held in the paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date i.e. Friday, 09th October,
       2026.

14.    Shareholders holding shares in physical form are requested to register their email address with the registrar and share transfer agents
      by sending duly signed request letter quoting their folio no., name and address, in case of shares deed in Demat form, the shareholders
     may register their email with their DP's (Depository Participants).

15.    All members are requested to support green initiative of the ministry of corporate affairs, Government of India and register their
       email addresses to receive all these documents electronically from the company in accordance with rule 18 of the companies (
      management & administration) rules 2014, and rule 11 of the companies (accounts) rules 2014. All the aforesaid documents have
       been uploaded on and are available for download from the company's website, being https://www.qualiteklab.com/

16.     In compliance with section 108 of the companies act, 2013, rule 20 of the companies (management and administration) rules 2014,
       however, pursuant to regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) regulations 2015, SS-2 (Secretarial
       Standards) on General Meeting issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India ("ICSI") and the provisions of the MCA
        circulars and the SEBI circulars, the business may be transacted through electronic voting system and the company is providing for
       voting by electronic means ( e-voting) to its members through remote e-voting platform provided by the Central Depository Services
        (India) Limited (“CDSL”). to cast their votes.

17.     In case of joint holders attending the EGM, the member whose name appears as the first holder in the order of names as per the
        register of members of the Company will be entitled to vote.

18.    The format of the register of members prescribed by the MCA under the Act requires the Company / Registrars and Share Transfer
       Agents to record additional details of members, including their PAN details, email address, bank details for payment of dividend, etc.
     Any requests for updating these details should be submitted in Form ISR-1.

19.   Members seeking any information with regard to any matter to be placed at the EGM, are requested to write to the company through
       an email i.e. company.secretary@qualiteklab.com

20.     All the documents referred to in the accompanying Notice shall be available for electronic inspection during business hours on all
       working days without any fee by the Members from the date of circulation of this Notice up to the date of EGM, i.e., October 16,
       2026. Members seeking to inspect such documents can send an email to company.secretary@qualiteklab.com

21.   A person, whose name is recorded in the register of members or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the depositories
        as on the cut-off date only shall be entitled to avail the facility of remote e-voting before the EGM as well as remote e-voting during
        the EGM. Any person who is not a member as on the cut-off date should treat this notice for information purposes only. Any person
       holding shares and non-individual shareholders, who acquire shares of the Company and become a member of the Company after
       sending the notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date, may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request to
       helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com .However, if he / she is already registered with CDSL for remote e-voting then he / she can use his
           / her existing User ID and Password for casting the vote

22.    The scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of remote e-voting at the EGM, unblock the votes cast through remote evoting
        (votes cast during the EGM and at the EGM) and make, not later than two working days of conclusion of the EGM, a consolidated
        Scrutinizer’s report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the Chairman or a person authorised by him in writing, who
        shall countersign the same.



                                                                                                                Page 7 of 19
[page 8]
23.    The results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website https://www.qualiteklab.com/ and
      on the website of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com immediately after the results are declared and the same shall be communicated to
        the BSE Limited, where the shares of the Company are listed.

24.    Subject to the receipt of the requisite number of votes, the resolutions forming part of the EGM Notice shall be deemed to have been
       passed on the date of the EGM i.e., Friday, October 16, 2026.

THE INTRUCTIONS OF SHAREHOLDERS FOR E-VOTING ARE AS UNDER:

The remote e-voting period begins on Tuesday, 13th October 2026 (9.00 A.M. IST) to Thursday, 15th October, 2026 (5.00 P.M. IST).
The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by Central Depository Services (India) Limited (“CDSL”) for voting thereafter.
Members, whose names appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. Friday, 09th
October, 2026 may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the paid-up
equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being Friday, 09th October, 2026.

How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?

The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:

In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts in
order to access e-Voting facility.

Pursuant to above said SEBI Circular, Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meetings for Individual shareholders holding securities
in Demat mode is given below:

How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?

The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:



  Type of shareholders        Login Method
   Individual     Shareholders   1)Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing user id and
   holding securities in Demat   password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication.
  mode with CDSL.          The URL for users to login to Easi / Easiest are https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/home/login or visit
                              www.cdslindia.com and click on Login icon and select New System Myeasi.
                                 2)After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for eligible
                             companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking
                                  the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting
                              your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
                                  Additionally, there is also a link provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers i.e.
                        CDSL/NSDL/KARVY/LINKINTIME/PURVA, so  that  the user can  visit  the e-Voting  service
                                  providers’ website directly.
                                     3)If  the  user   is  not   registered   for   Easi/Easiest,  option   to   register   is   available   at
                                  https://web.cdslindia.com/myeasi/Registration/EasiRegistration
                                 4) Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account Number and
                     PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will
                                   authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account.
                                 After successful authentication, user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in
                                 progress and also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
   Individual Shareholders        1)If you are already registered for NSDL IDeAS facility, please visit the e-Services website of NSDL.
   holding securities in        Open web browser by typing the following URL: https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal
   demat mode with NSDL      Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Services is launched, click on the “Beneficial
                          Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ section. A new screen will open. You
                                    will have to enter your User ID and Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see
                               e-Voting services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see
                               e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected

                                                                                                                Page 8 of 19
[page 9]
                                    to e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining
                                     virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
                                     2)If  the  user  is  not  registered  for IDeAS  e-Services,  option  to  register  is  available  at
                                   https://eservices.nsdl.com   Select   “Register   Online   for  IDeAS   “Portal   or   click   at
                                 https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
                                 3)  Visit  the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing  the following URL:
                                 https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of
                               e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’
                                    section. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen-digit demat
                               account number held with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen.
                                 After successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see
                              eVoting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to
                               e-Voting service provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining
                                     virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
                              4)Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning
                                  the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.





                                 5) For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.jsp.
                        You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate
                          OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful
                                   authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click
                            on company name or eVoting service provider name and you will be re-directed to e-Voting service
                                 provider website for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting &
                                 voting during the meeting

   Individual     Shareholders  You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository
   (holding securities in demat   Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. After Successful login, you will be able
   mode) login through  their   to see e-Voting option. Once you click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL
   Depository Participants       Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click on company
                          name or e-Voting service provider name and you will be redirected to e-Voting service provider website
                                    for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the
                                meeting.





Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and Forget Password option
available at abovementioned website.

Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to login through Depository i.e.
CDSL and NSDL

 Login type               Helpdesk details
  Individual  Shareholders   Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at
 holding    securities    in    helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 022- 23058738 and 22-23058542-43
 Demat mode with CDSL


                                                                                                                Page 9 of 19
[page 10]
  Individual  Shareholders   Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at
  holding    securities   in    evoting@nsdl.com or contact at toll free number: 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30
 Demat mode with NSDL

Login method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding
securities in physical mode

How to Log-in to CDSL e-Voting website?

The Company is providing e-voting facility to its Members through Central Depository Services(India)Limited (CDSL) to enable them to
cast their votes electronically. Members may please follow the steps below to cast their votes:
i.   Visit the e-voting website of CDSL at www.evotingindia.com using a computer or mobile device.
ii. On the home page, click on “Shareholders / Members” under the “Login” section.
iii. A new screen will open where you will be required to enter:
       Your User ID;
       Your Password; and
       The Verification Code as displayed on the screen.
iv.  Alternatively, if you are registered with CDSL's Easi / Easiest facility, you may login using your existing credentials. After successful
    login, click on the “e-Voting” option and select “Qualitek Labs Limited” to cast your vote.
v.  Follow the instructions as prompted to complete the voting process.
vi. Your User ID Details are given below:

   Manner of Holding Shares i.e. Demat (CDSL or NSDL) or                       Your User ID is:
                           Physical
       a)  Members who hold shares in demat account with CDSL   16 Digit Beneficiary ID.
                                                             For example, if your Beneficiary ID is 12XXXXXXXXXXXXXX,
                                                                  then your User ID is 12XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
      b)  Members who hold shares in demat account with NSDL   8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID.
                                                             For  example,   if  your DP  ID   is IN300XXX  and  Client
                                                   IDis12XXXXXX, then your User ID is IN300XXX12XXXXXX.
       c)  Members holding shares in Physical Form           EVSN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the
                                                        Company.
                                                             For   example,     if    the   Folio   Number    is  001XXX
                                                           andEVSNis101456,then your User ID is 101456001XXX.




vii. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:
     a.     If you are already registered for e-Voting on the CDSL platform, you can use your existing password to log in and cast your vote.
    b.     If you are using the CDSL e-Voting system for the first time, you may follow the instructions available on the CDSL e-Voting
         platform to generate/retrieve your password and complete the login process.
     c.     If your email ID is registered with your demat account or with the Company, the requisitee-Voting credentials/instructions may be
        communicated to your registered email ID. Members are requested to follow the instructions contained therein to access the e-
         Voting facility

viii.       If you are unable to access your account or have forgotten your password:
      a.   Click on “Forgot Password” available on www.evotingindia.com, as applicable.
     b.  You may also use the OTP (One Time Password) sent to your registered mobile number/email ID, wherever applicable, to access
          the e-Voting facility.
      c.    If you are still unable to access the e-Voting facility, you may send a request to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com , mentioning your
        demat account number / folio number, PAN, name and registered address, for assistance.
ix. After entering the required login credentials, click on “Login” and follow the instructions displayed on the screen.
x. Upon successful login, you will be directed to the Home page of the CDSL e-Voting portal.

Cast your vote electronically on CDSL e-Voting system

i.  After logging in as per Step 1, click on “e-Voting” and then click on “Active Voting Cycles”.


                                                                                                               Page 10 of 19
[page 11]
ii. A list of companies with active voting events (EVSN) will be displayed.
iii. Select the EVSN of “Qualitek Labs Limited”.
iv. You will be taken to the voting page.
v.  Cast your vote by selecting the appropriate option, i.e. “YES/ASSENT” or “NO/DISSENT”, as applicable. Verify/modify the number of
    shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and then “Confirm” when prompted.
vi. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.
vii. You can also print the confirmation by clicking on the “Print” option. viii. Once your vote is confirmed,  it cannot be modified
    subsequently.



INSTRUCTIONS FOR SHAREHOLDERS ATTENDING THE EGM THROUGH VC/OAVM & E-VOTING DURING MEETING
ARE AS UNDER:

1.   The procedure for attending meeting & e-Voting on the day of the EGM is the same as the instructions mentioned above for Remote e-
      voting.
2.   The link for VC/OAVM to attend the meeting will be available where the EVSN of Company will be displayed after successful login
      as per the instructions mentioned above for Remote e-voting.
3.    Shareholders who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the meeting. However, they will not be eligible to vote
       at the EGM.
4.    Shareholders are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops / IPads for better experience.
5.    Further shareholders will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
6.    Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot may
     experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN
     Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
7.    Shareholders who would like to express their views/ask questions during the meeting may register themselves as a speaker by sending
      their request in advance at least 2 (Two) days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email id,
     mobile number at company.secretary@qualiteklab.com. The shareholders who do not wish to speak during the EGM but have queries
    may send their queries in advance 2(Two) days prior to meeting mentioning their name, demat account number/folio number, email id,
     mobile number at company.secretary@qualiteklab.com.These queries will be replied to by the company suitably by email. Please note
       that, Members questions will be answered only if they continue to hold the shares as of cut-off date
8.   Those shareholders who have registered themselves as a speaker will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions during the
     meeting.
9.   Only those shareholders, who are present in the EGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not casted their vote on the Resolutions
     through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system available during
      the EGM.
10.   If any Votes are cast by the shareholders through the e-voting available during the EGM and if the same shareholders have not
      participated in the meeting through VC/OAVM facility, then the votes cast by such shareholders shall be considered invalid as the
       facility of e-voting during the meeting is available only to the shareholders attending the meeting.

PROCESS FOR THOSE SHAREHOLDERS WHOSE EMAIL/MOBILE NO. ARE NOT REGISTERED WITH THE
COMPANY/DEPOSITORIES.

1.   For Physical shareholders- please provide necessary details like Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the share certificate
      (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to
     company.secretary@qualiteklab.com or helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com
2.   For Demat shareholders - Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant (DP)
3.   For Individual Demat shareholders – Please update your email id & mobile no. with your respective Depository Participant (DP) which
       is mandatory while e-Voting & joining virtual meetings through Depository.

If you have any queries or issues regarding attending EGM & e-Voting from the e-Voting System, you can write an email to
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 18002109911.

All  grievances  connected  with  the  facility  for  voting by  electronic means may be  addressed  to Mr. Rakesh  Dalvi,  Senior
Manager(CDSL)Central Depository Services (India) Limited, A-Wing,25th Floor, Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mill Compound, N.M.Joshi
Marg, Lower Parel(East) Mumbai - 400013 or send an email to helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at 18002109911.





                                                                                                                Page 11 of 19
[page 12]
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 AND PROVISIOS OF THE
SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015

As required by Section 102 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”), and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the following Explanatory Statement sets out all material facts relating to the business
mentioned under Item No. 01& Item No.02 of the accompanying Notice dated September 23,2026:

In Respect of Item No. 01 and 02:

The Special Resolution contained in Item No. 01 & 02 of this Notice, has been proposed pursuant to the provisions of Sections 23(1)(b), 42,
and 62 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the applicable rules made there under to issue and allot, on a preferential basis:

i.  Up to 3,86,000 Equity Shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each, at an issue price of ₹518.55/- each including the premium of ₹508.55/-,
    aggregating to an amount up-to ₹ 20,01,60,300/- to the proposed allottees, and

ii. Up to 5,20,000 Fully Convertible Warrants (“Warrants”), each carrying a right to subscribe to 1 Equity Share of face value of ₹10/- each
    of the Company, at an issue price of ₹ 518.55/- each, aggregating to an amount up to ₹ 26,96,46,000/-, to the proposed allottee


The aggregate amount proposed to be raised by way of issuance of Equity Shares, Warrants and equity share pursuant to conversion of
Warrants is up to ₹ 46,98,06,300 (Rupees Forty-Six Crore Ninety-Eight Lakh Six Thousand Three Hundred only) or such higher price
as may be determined in accordance with Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. The issuance and allotment of equity shares and warrants
shall be made to the Proposed Equity Allottees and Proposed Warrant Allottees (collectively, “Proposed Allottees”), as detailed below, in
such manner and on such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may, in its absolute discretion, deem fit, subject to the approval of
members of the Company. The proposal was approved by the Board at its meeting held on September 22, 2026.

1.  Objects of the Preferential Issue and aggregate amount proposed to be raised

   The Board of Directors has proposed to raise up to ₹ 46,98,06,300 (Rupees Forty-Six Crore Ninety-Eight Lakh Six Thousand Three
   Hundred only) through the issuance of up to 3,86,000 (Three Lakh Eighty-Six Thousand) Equity Shares and 5,20,000 (Five Lakh Twenty
   Thousand) Convertible Warrants on a preferential basis. the Company intends to utilize the proceeds raised through the issue of Equity
    Shares and Warrants (“Issue Proceeds”) towards the following objects:

     S.N.   Particulars                                  Amount estimated to be   Tentative      timelines      for
                                                                           utilized (Amount in Rs.   utilization of proceeds from the
                                                         Lakh)                    date of receipt of funds
    01     Unidentified Acquisitions-Food, Pharma & Cybersecurity.          2200.00                  Within 24 months
    02     Expansion of Automotive Business                               600.00                  Within 24 months
    03    Working Capital Requirement                                    800.00                  Within 24 months
    03     General Corporate Purpose                                     1098.06                  Within 24 months
            Total                                                        4698.06                                   -

2.  Kinds of securities offered and the price at which security is being offered

    Kinds of Securities offered                                    Price at which security is being offered
      Preferential issue of Equity Shares                            Face value of ₹ 10/- each, at an issue price of ₹518.55/- each
                                                                      including the premium of ₹508.55/-,
      Preferential issue of Fully Convertible Warrants                 Face value of ₹10/- each , at an issue price of ₹ 518.55/- each,
                                                                 each including the premium of ₹508.55/-

3.  Monitoring of utilization of funds:

   Given that the issue size does not exceed Rs. 100 Crore (Rupees One Hundred Crore Only), in terms of Regulation 162A of the SEBI
   (ICDR) Regulations, the Company is not required to appoint a SEBI registered credit rating agency as the monitoring agency to monitor
    the use of the proceeds of the Preferential Issue (“Monitoring Agency”).




                                                                                                               Page 12 of 19
[page 13]
4.  Particulars of the Preferential Issue include terms of issue, issue size, date of passing of Board Resolution, kind of Securities
    offered, nominal value of and maximum number of Securities to be issued and the Issue Price.

   The Board of Directors of the Company at their meeting held on September 22, 2026 had, subject to the approval of the members of the
   Company (“Members”) and such other approvals as may be required, approved the issue of upto 3,86,000 Equity Shares of face value of
   ₹ 10/- each, at an issue price of ₹518.55/- each including the premium of ₹508.55/-, aggregating to an amount up-to ₹ 20,01,60,300/- and
   Up to 5,20,000 Fully Convertible Warrants (“Warrants”), each carrying a right to subscribe to 1 Equity Share of face value of ₹10/- each
    of the Company, at an issue price of ₹ 518.55/- each, aggregating to an amount up to ₹ 26,96,46,000/-, including 25% of the Issue Price
    payable on allotment and balance 75% of the Issue Price payable at the time of conversion of Warrants into equity shares including
   premium of ₹ 508.55 /- each payable in cash or such higher price as may be arrived at in accordance with the Chapter V of SEBI ICDR
    Regulations, on preferential allotment basis in such manner and on such other terms and conditions, as the Board may, in its absolute
    discretion, think fit, to the person belonging to the person / entity belonging to the promoter / promoter group and certain identified non-
   promoter persons / entities (“Proposed Allottees”) as mentioned below by way of preferential allotment on such terms and conditions as
   may be determined by the Board (“Preferential Allotment”):

                                                                                  Share to be
      Sr. No.  Name of the Proposed Allottes(s)                   Category                                Consideration
                                                                                                  Allotted
          1.     Ashish Rameshchandra Kacholia                   Non-Promoter                1,73,200        8,98,12,860.00
          2.     Kushal Jayesh Khandwala                         Non-Promoter                 40,000        2,07,42,000.00
          3.     Nutan Talwar                                   Non-Promoter                 18,000          93,33,900.00
          4.      Jagattaraini Tieup Private Limited                  Non-Promoter                 16,000          82,96,800.00
          5.     Rakesh Laroia                                   Non-Promoter                 12,000          62,22,600.00
          6.     Shinohub Growth Ventures LLP                    Non-Promoter                   8,000          41,48,400.00
          7.     Gohil Atulbhai                                  Non-Promoter                   8,000          41,48,400.00
          8.     Niten Agarwal                                  Non-Promoter                   8,000          41,48,400.00
          9.     Priyanka Tibrewal                               Non-Promoter                   8,800          45,63,240.00
         10.   RNR Wealth Management Private Limited           Non-Promoter                   8,000          41,48,400.00
         11.     Jatin Hinduja                                    Non-Promoter                   7,200          37,33,560.00
         12.    Amit Bindra                                    Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         13.    Rahul Kumar                                   Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         14.   AU Consulting Partners through  its Partners       Non-Promoter                   5,600
               Nidhi Gupta and Girish Joshi                                                                        29,03,880.00
         15.    Preety Agarwal                                  Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         16.     Priti Agarwal                                    Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         17.    Sachin Gupta                                   Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         18.    Sachin Kumar Bairasia                           Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         19.    Tasha Zafar                                     Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         20.    Nidhi Gupta                                    Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         21.    Neetu Nahar                                    Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         22.    Mahesh Kumar Kheria                            Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         23.    Darshan Dilipkumar Shah HUF                    Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         24.    Himanshi Kritarth Patel                           Non-Promoter                   5,600          29,03,880.00
         25.   H&A Ventures through  its Partners Priyanka       Non-Promoter                   4,800          24,89,040.00
             Himanshu Jain and Shipra Abhishek Bhutra

         26.   Kamal Grover                                      Promoter                     1,200           6,22,260.00

                                                    Total                                                         20,01,60,300




        Sr.                                                                   Warrant to be
          Name of the Proposed Allottes(s)                     Category                                Consideration
      No.                                                                                        Allotted
           1.  TIC Services Private Limited                           Promoter                   5,20,000        26,96,46,000/-,




                                                                                                               Page 13 of 19
[page 14]
5. Amount which the Company intends to raise by way of such Securities:

The Company intends to raise an aggregate amount up to ₹ 46,98,06,300 (Rupees Forty-Six Crore Ninety-Eight Lakh Six Thousand Three
Hundred only) by way of issue of Equity Shares and Warrants on preferential basis.

6.  Relevant Date:

In terms of Regulation 161 and the Explanation thereto of Chapter V of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the “Relevant Date” for determining
the Issue Price for the Preferential Allotment of the Equity Shares and Warrants shall be Wednesday, September 16, 2026, being the preceding
trading day to the 30th day prior to the date on which the resolution will be deemed to be passed at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting, i.e.,
Friday, October 16, 2026 to approve the proposed resolution.

7.  Basis on which the Issue Price for the securities has been arrived at:

The equity shares of the Company are listed on BSE Limited only and are frequently traded in accordance with SEBI ICDR Regulations
(“Regulations”) and hence, In terms of the provisions of regulation 164 of SEBI ICDR Regulations the price at which the Equity Shares shall
be allotted shall not be less than higher of the following:

 a.   The 90 trading days volume weighted average prices of the related equity shares quoted on the recognised stock exchange preceding
      the Relevant Date i.e. Rs. 448.87/- per equity share;
 b.  The 10 trading days volume weighted average prices of the related equity shares quoted on a recognised stock exchange preceding the
     Relevant Date i.e. Rs. 518.53/- per equity share; or
 c.   The Articles of Association of the Company does not provide for an alternate method of determination of price of equity shares.

Accordingly, the Board has considered to issue the Equity Shares and Warrants at a price of Rs.518.55/- which is not lower than the
price determined in accordance with applicable provisions of Regulations.

8. The Shareholding Pattern of the Issuer before and after the Preferential Issue:

The shareholding pattern of the Company before and after the proposed preferential issue to the ‘Promoter & Promoter Group’ & “Public”
Category is likely to be as follows:

 Category                                   Pre Issue                    Post Issue                     Post Issue
                                            Shareholding      Equit      Shareholding     Warra      Shareholding
                                                Structure         y          Structure         nts to       Structure (2)
                                           No. of   %    Share     No. of   %      be       No. of   %
                                           Shares              s to be     Shares              allotted     Shares
                                                                            allotte                    (Up to)
                                                     d (Up
                                                                             to)
 (A) Promoter Shareholding
 (A1) Indian
       (a) Individuals & HUF                    4        0.00    1,200      1,204      0.01         -         1,204      0.01
                                             65,78,375    56.4        -      65,78,375    54.6    5,20,00    70,98,375    56.5
       (b) Bodies Corporate                               6                          5       0                   2
                                             65,78,379    56.4    1,200    65,79,579    54.6    5,20,00    70,99,579    56.5
 Sub Total (A)(1)                                      6                          6       0                   3
 (A2) Foreign promoters                                    -             -          -              -             -           -               -             -
                                             65,78,379    56.4    1,200    65,79,579    55     5,20,00    70,99,579    57
   Total Promoter shareholding A=A1 +A2                6                                  0
 (B) Public Shareholding
 (B1) Institutional Investors                    1,96,800     1.69        -       1,96,800     1.63         -        1,96,800     1.57
 (B2) Central Govt./Stat Govt./POI                       -             -          -              -             -           -               -             -
 (B3) Non-Institutional Investors
       (a) Investor Education and Protection             -             -          -              -             -           -               -             -
 Fund (IEPF)
                                             21,24,402    18.2    3,36,8    24,61,202    20.4         -       24,61,202    19.6
       (b) Individuals                                    3      00                  5                           0
                                             12,14,000    10.4   32,000    12,46,000    10.3         -       12,46,000    9.92
       (c) Body Corporate                                2                          5

                                                                                                               Page 14 of 19
[page 15]
       (d) Others (Including HUF, LLP &        15,38,450    13.2   16,000    15,54,450    12.9         -       15,54,450    12.3
 NRI)                                                0                          1                           8
                                             50,73,652    43.5    3,84,8    54,58,452    45.3         -       54,58,452    43.4
   Total Public Shareholding B=B1+B2+B3                4      00                  4                           7
 C) Non-Promoter - Non-Public                         -             -          -              -             -           -               -             -
                                              1,16,52,031   100.    3,86,0   1,20,38,031   100.    5,20,00   1,25,58,031   100.
 Grand Total (A+B+C)                                00     00                 00      0                  00

9.  Intent of the Promoters, Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company to subscribe to the Preferential Allotment;
    contribution being made by the Promoters or Directors either as part of the Preferential Issue or separately in furtherance of the
    objects

Except for the following, none of the existing promoters, directors, key managerial personnel, or senior management of the issuer intend to
subscribe to the offer or separately in furtherance of the objects specified herein above:

  Sr. No.   Name                         Category    Number of Warrants (Up to)  Number of Equity Shares (Up to)
 01.      TIC Services Private Limited       Promoter      5,20,000                              -
 02.      Kamal Grover                    Promoter        -                             1,200

10. Time frame within which the Preferential Allotment shall be completed and terms of conversion

As required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Equity Shares and Warrants (“Securities”) shall be issued and allotted by the Company
to the Proposed Allottees within a period of 15 days from the date of passing of this resolution provided that where the allotment of the said
Securities is pending on account of pendency of any approval for such allotment by any regulatory authority or the Central Government
including the in-principle approval of the stock exchange, the allotment shall be completed within a period of 15 days from the date of such
approval.

The Proposed Warrant Allottees shall be required to pay an amount equivalent to 25% of the Issue Price at the time of subscription and
allotment of each Warrant. The balance 75% of the Issue Price shall be payable by the Proposed Warrant Allottees upon exercise of the
entitlement attached to Warrant(s) to subscribe for equity share(s) within a period of eighteen months from the date of allotment of Warrants.
The Proposed Warrant Allottees shall be entitled to exercise their right to subscribe for the equity shares in one or more tranches as and when
they deem fit within the prescribed period of eighteen months. The Proposed Warrant Allottees shall be required to pay the balance amount
of 75% of the issue price to the extent of the number of equity shares they intend to subscribe in each such tranche.

Upon receipt of the Warrant Exercise Price, the Board (or a committee thereof) shall allot one equity share of face value of ₹ 10/- each, per
warrant by appropriating ₹ 10/- towards equity share capital and the balance amount paid against each Warrant towards the securities
premium. The allotment shall only be made in the dematerialized form.

If the entitlement against the Warrants to apply for the equity shares is not exercised by the Proposed Warrant Allottees, within the specified
period of eighteen months as stipulated under SEBI ICDR Regulations, the entitlement of the Proposed Warrant Allottees to apply for equity
shares of the Company along with the rights attached thereto shall expire and any amount paid on such warrants shall stand forfeited by the
Company.

11. Names of the Proposed Allottees, the percentage of post preferential issue capital that may be held by them and change in control,
     if any, in the Company consequent to the Preferential Allotment, expected dilution in equity share capital upon issuance of
    securities:

 Category                              Pre Issue          Equity         Post Issue                     Post Issue
                                       Shareholding       Shares to      Shareholding     Warr      Shareholding
                                          Structure           be            Structure         ants       Structure (2)
                                     No. of    %      allotted       No. of   %     to be      No. of   %
                                     Shares              (Up to)       Shares               allotte     Shares
                                                                              d (Up
                                                                                                                to)
 Ashish Rameshchandra Kacholia       5,06,400.00     4.35    1,73,200.0    6,79,600.00    5.65             6,79,600.00   5.41
                                                           0                                            -
 Kushal Jayesh Khandwala                        -                -      40,000.00     40,000.00     0.33             40,000.00    0.32                                                                                                                                     -
  Jagattaraini Tieup Private Limited               -                -      16,000.00     16,000.00     0.13             16,000.00    0.13                                                                                                                                     -



                                                                                                               Page 15 of 19
[page 16]
 Nutan Talwar                                       -                -      18,000.00     18,000.00     0.15             18,000.00    0.14                                                                                                                                     -
 Rakesh Laroia                                      -                -      12,000.00     12,000.00     0.10             12,000.00    0.10                                                                                                                                     -
 Shinohub Growth Ventures LLP                -                -      8,000.00      8,000.00      0.07              8,000.00     0.06                                                                                                                                     -
 Gohil Atulbhai                                      -                -      8,000.00      8,000.00      0.07              8,000.00     0.06                                                                                                                                     -
 Niten Agarwal                         25,200       0.22     8,000.00      33,200.00     0.28             33,200.00    0.26                                                                                                                                     -
 Priyanka Tibrewal                                 -                -      8,800.00      8,800.00      0.07              8,800.00     0.07                                                                                                                                     -
 RNR Wealth Management Private               -                -      8,000.00      8,000.00      0.07              8,000.00     0.06
 Limited                                                                                                                          -
  Jatin Hinduja                                       -                -      7,200.00      7,200.00      0.06              7,200.00     0.06                                                                                                                                     -
 Amit Bindra                                        -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 Rahul Kumar                                       -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 AU Consulting Partners through its             -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04
  Partners Nidhi Gupta and Girish
  Joshi                                                                                                                             -
 Preety Agarwal                                     -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
  Priti Agarwal                                       -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 Sachin Gupta                                       -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 Sachin Kumar Bairasia                            -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 Tasha Zafar                                         -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 Nidhi Gupta                                         -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 Neetu Nahar                                        -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 Mahesh Kumar Kheria                            -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 Darshan Dilipkumar Shah HUF                 -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 Himanshi kritarth Patel                            -                -      5,600.00      5,600.00      0.05              5,600.00     0.04                                                                                                                                     -
 H&A VENTURES through its                   -                -      4,800.00      4,800.00      0.04              4,800.00     0.04
  Partners Priyanka Himanshu Jain
 and Shipra Abhishek Bhutra                                                                                                 -
 Kamal Grover                           1.00         0.00                   1,201.00      0.01              1,201.00     0.01                                                               1,200.00                                       -
 TIC Services Private Limited                         56.46                 65,78,375.00    54.6   5,20,0   70,98,375.0   56.5
                                      65,78,375.00                      -                      5     00.00       0         2


12. The identity of the natural persons who are the ultimate beneficial owners of the securities proposed to be allotted and/or who
    ultimately control the proposed allottee(s):

    Identity of the ultimate beneficial owners of the securities proposed to be allotted:
 Name of the Proposed Allottees                        Category           Name of the Ultimate Beneficial Owner

 TIC Services Private Limited                             Promoter              Alok Kumar Agarwal & Antaryani Nayak
 Kamal Grover                                          Promoter               Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Ashish Rameshchandra Kacholia                          Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Kushal Jayesh Khandwala                                Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
  Jagattaraini Tieup Private Limited                         Non-Promoter/Public     Ruchi More and Bikash More
 Nutan Talwar                                            Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Rakesh Laroia                                           Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Shinohub Growth Ventures LLP                           Non-Promoter/Public     Sandipan Das
 Gohil Atulbhai                                          Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Niten Agarwal                                           Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Priyanka Tibrewal                                       Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 RNR Wealth Management Private Limited                  Non-Promoter/Public     Utsav Pramodkumar Shrivastav
  Jatin Hinduja                                            Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Amit Bindra                                            Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Rahul Kumar                                            Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person


                                                                                                               Page 16 of 19
[page 17]
 AU Consulting Partners through its Partners Nidhi Gupta   Non-Promoter/Public     Nidhi Gupta and Girish Joshi
 and Girish Joshi
 Preety Agarwal                                          Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
  Priti Agarwal                                            Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Sachin Gupta                                            Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Sachin Kumar Bairasia                                   Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Tasha Zafar                                             Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Nidhi Gupta                                             Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Neetu Nahar                                            Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Mahesh Kumar Kheria                                   Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 Darshan Dilipkumar Shah HUF                            Non-Promoter/Public     Darshan Dilipkumar Shah
 Himanshi kritarth Patel                                   Non-Promoter/Public     Not Applicable as allottee is Natural Person
 H&A  VENTURES   through    its   Partners   Priyanka   Non-Promoter/Public     Priyanka Himanshu Jain and Shipra Abhishek
 Himanshu Jain and Shipra Abhishek Bhutra                                         Bhutra

13. Change in control if any in the Company that would occur consequent to the Preferential Issue

There shall be no change in management or control of the Company pursuant to the aforesaid Preferential Allotment. However, the percentage
of shareholding and voting rights exercised by the shareholders of the Company will change in accordance with the change in the shareholding
pattern pursuant to the Preferential Allotment.

14. Principal terms of assets charged as securities.

Not Applicable

15. Undertaking as to re-computation of price of the specified securities in terms of the provision of these regulations where it is
   required to do so and other undertakings and lock-in of specified securities:

As the equity shares of the Company have been listed for a period of more than 90 trading days as on the Relevant Date, the provisions of
Regulation 164(3) of SEBI ICDR Regulations governing re-computation of the price of equity shares shall not be applicable. However, the
Company shall re-compute the Issue Price of the Equity Shares / Warrants and/or the equity shares to be allotted on exercise of the Warrants
in terms of the provisions of SEBI ICDR Regulations if it is required to do so, including pursuant to Regulation 166 of the SEBI ICDR
Regulations. If the amount payable on account of the re-computation of price is not paid within the time stipulated in SEBI ICDR Regulations,
the Equity Shares / Warrants and/or equity shares to be allotted on exercise of the Warrants under the Preferential Issue shall continue to be
locked-in till the time such amount is paid.

16. Number of persons to whom allotment on preferential basis has already been made during the year, in terms of number of
    securities as well as price:

The Company has not made any allotment on preferential basis during the year.



17. Justification for the allotment proposed to be made for consideration other than cash together with valuation report of the
    registered valuer:

Not Applicable as the allotment will be made for cash.

18. Current and proposed status of the Proposed Allottees post the preferential issues namely, promoter or non-promoter:

    Name of the Proposed Allottees                     Current   Status   of  proposed  Proposed Status of allottees
                                                              Allottee                            post Preferential Issue
    TIC Services Private Limited                         Promoter                          Promoter
    Kamal Grover                                      Promoter                          Promoter
     Ashish Rameshchandra Kacholia                       Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Kushal Jayesh Khandwala                             Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
      Jagattaraini Tieup Private Limited                      Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
    Nutan Talwar                                        Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public


                                                                                                               Page 17 of 19
[page 18]
    Rakesh Laroia                                       Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Shinohub Growth Ventures LLP                       Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Gohil Atulbhai                                       Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Niten Agarwal                                       Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Priyanka Tibrewal                                    Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
   RNR Wealth Management Private Limited              Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
      Jatin Hinduja                                        Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
    Amit Bindra                                         Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Rahul Kumar                                        Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
   AU Consulting Partners through  its Partners Nidhi   Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
    Gupta and Girish Joshi
     Preety Agarwal                                      Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
      Priti Agarwal                                        Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Sachin Gupta                                        Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Sachin Kumar Bairasia                                Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Tasha Zafar                                          Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Nidhi Gupta                                         Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Neetu Nahar                                         Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
    Mahesh Kumar Kheria                                Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Darshan Dilipkumar Shah HUF                        Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
     Himanshi kritarth Patel                               Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
   H&A VENTURES  through   its  Partners  Priyanka   Non-Promoter/Public                Non-Promoter/Public
    Himanshu Jain and Shipra Abhishek Bhutra



19. Lock-in Period:

      a.   Equity Shares, Warrants and equity share to be allotted on conversion of Warrants shall be locked-in for such period as may be
          specified under Regulations 167 and 168 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
     b.  The entire pre-preferential allotment shareholding of the Proposed Allottees, if any, shall be locked-in as specified under Regulation
         167(6) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

20. Practising Company Secretary’s Certificate

The certificate from M/s Rawal & Co (Company Secretaries), represented by proprietor Mr. Vivek Rawal Practicing Company Secretary
(Membership No. 43231 and CP No. 22687), certifying that the preferential issue of Equity Shares and Warrants is being made in accordance
with requirements of Chapter V of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations have been obtained considering the said preferential issue. The copy of said
certificate  shall be  available  for  inspection by  the members and  the same may be accessed on  the Company’s website  viz
https://www.qualiteklab.com/wp-content/uploads/2026/09/Compliance-Certificate_1632.pdf.

21. Other Disclosure/Undertakings:

a.  None of the Company, its directors or Promoters are categorized as willful defaulter(s) or a fraudulent borrower by any bank or financial
     institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on willful defaulters issued by Reserve Bank of India. Consequently,
     the undertaking required under Regulation 163(1)(i) is not applicable.

b.  None of its Directors or Promoters are fugitive economic offenders as defined under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

c.  As the equity shares have been listed on a recognized Stock Exchange for a period of more than 90 trading days as on the Relevant Date,
     the provisions of Regulation 164(3) of SEBI ICDR Regulations governing re-computation of the price of shares shall not be applicable.
     Consequently, the undertaking required under Regulation 163(1)(g) and Regulation163(1)(h) is not applicable.

d.  The Company hereby undertakes that it shall, if required to do so, re-compute the price of the specified securities in terms of the provision
     of SEBI ICDR Regulations;

e.   Further, it undertakes that, if the amount payable on account of the re-computation of price is not paid within the time stipulated in SEBI
   ICDR Regulations, the Equity Shares and Warrants shall continue to be locked-in till the time such amount is paid by the allottees;


                                                                                                               Page 18 of 19
[page 19]
f.   None of the proposed allottees have sold or transferred any Equity Shares during the 90 trading days preceding the relevant date.

22. Disclosures specified in Schedule VI of ICDR Regulations, if the issuer or any of its promoters or directors is a willful defaulter
   or fraudulent borrower:

Not Applicable, since none of the Directors or Promoters are categorized as willful defaulter(s) or a fraudulent borrower by any bank or
financial institution or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on willful defaulters issued by Reserve Bank of India.

The Board of Directors recommends the resolution as set out at Item No. 1 & 2 of this notice for the issue of Equity Shares & Warrants on a
preferential basis, to the proposed allottees by way of Special Resolution.

                                                      ****

By Order of the Board
For Qualitek Lab Limited

Sd/-
Antaryami Nayak
Managing Director
DIN: 07232463

Place: Noida
Date: September 23, 2026





                                                                                                               Page 19 of 19