=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: concall_tejasnet_q1fy27.txt
doctype: concall
page_count_pdfinfo: N/A (text transcript, not a PDF; treated as 1 logical document)
formfeed_count: 0 (no form-feed page breaks in a text transcript; N/A, replaced by verbatim line coverage below)
line_count: 223 (source file wc -l = 223; extract body below reproduces all 223 lines verbatim, unrenumbered, unreflowed)
unit_convention: Crores (all financial figures spoken in Rs crore, e.g. revenue "402 crores", inventory "2358 crores", gross borrowings "4,866 crores")
conversion_factor_to_cr: Crores -> x1 (no conversion needed; figures already in Rs Crores)
ocr_pages: none (text source supplied directly; no PDF pages, no OCR required)
page_coverage: 100% verbatim line coverage (PAGE COVERAGE N/A for a text transcript source; replaced by verbatim-completeness proof below)
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27
extraction_date: 2026-07-28
=== VERBATIM-COMPLETENESS PROOF (in lieu of page coverage for a text-supplied transcript) ===
- Source file: /home/user/inflection-pipeline/runs/tejasnet-q1fy27/inputs/concall_tejasnet_q1fy27.txt (54969 bytes, wc -l = 223)
- First source line present (line 1): "TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED — Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL"
- Last source line present (line 223): "Thank you on behalf of ICICI Securities Limit. date that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us in now. Disconnect your line."
- Leading NOTE block (known ASR garbles, line 3) and the "=== TRANSCRIPT (verbatim) ===" marker (line 5) are both retained below, unedited.
- All speaker turns accounted for in sequence: operator intro -> management opening remarks (CEO Mr. Arnob Roy, CFO Mr. AVS Prasad, CTO Dr. Kumar Sivarajan) -> Q&A (7 analysts: Pushkar Kurana/Peace Well [sic, ASR garble], Janice Cheta/Kemp Family Office, Raja Kumar/RK Invest, an individual investor [name garbled, "Gandhi"], Malibar/M Intra Finance, Shesh/Invest Yadia [sic], Raj Singh/Vive Investment Managers, Vay/Shukcom Ventures) -> closing management remarks -> operator sign-off. No turn dropped between source and extract.
- Body below is byte-identical to the source file content (verbatim copy, ASR errors and all, per rule 4 for text-supplied transcripts: save verbatim, do not paraphrase, do not summarise).
=== END HEADER ===

TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED — Q1 FY27 EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL
Hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. Source: auto-transcribed text supplied by operator (Keerti) 2026-07-28.
NOTE: This is a machine-transcribed (ASR) transcript with recognition errors preserved verbatim. Known garbles to read through: "pages networks"/"users networks" = Tejas Networks; "FI27"/"FY 26" = FY27/FY26; "Mr. Hoy"/"Ernaby"/"Arnov"/"Arnob" = Mr. Arnob Roy (MD & CEO); "A PS Prasad"/"Prasad" = Mr. AVS Prasad (CFO); "Dr. Kumar and Sivarajan"/"Kumar Shivajin"/"Kumar Sivarajin" = Dr. Kumar Sivarajan (CTO); "Sanjay Malik" = Chief Strategy and Business Officer; "PSN"/"PSL"/"BML"/"BSN"/"GSN"/"SNL" = BSNL; "wine"/"wland"/"wland business"/"w line" = wireline/wireline; "FTX" = FTTx; "pawn" = PON; "P"/"PC" = PoC (proof of concept); "IDIDA" = EBITDA; "time"/"fall time" = TAM; "1.60 DWDM"/"160 WDM" = 1.6T DWDM; "D3" = data-center interconnect product; "Prasar barti"/"Prasi" = Prasar Bharati; "freestam"/"free stream" = free-to-air/broadcast SI partner; "TC"/"TCS" = TCS (BSNL 4G system integrator); "Malibar from M Intra Finance" etc = analyst names approximate.

=== TRANSCRIPT (verbatim) ===

Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the pages networks limited Q1 FI27 earnings conference call hosted by ICICI securities limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listenon only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the constants call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchstone phone. Please note that This conference has been recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you sir. Thank you Anushka. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining on the Q1 FY27 earnings conference call of pages networks limited. We have the management of pages networks on this call represented by Mr. Hoy, managing director and CEO. Mr. A PS Prasad CFO, Dr. Kumar and Sivarajan, CTO and Mr. Sanjay Malik, Chief Strategy and Business Officer. I would now like to invite Mr. Ernaby to initiate with opening remarks post which we will have a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you sir.

Thank you. Uh good morning everyone and welcome to our uh earnings call presentation for uh Q1. Um so I'll start with uh our revenues of Q1. fund which was 402 crores uh slight 20% growth over our uh uh over Q4 uh profit after tax increase slightly and um you know same for order book which has also saw a small uh growth in terms of the revenue mix it was evenly split between uh India and international and we'll add some color to that as we get along. Uh from a closing order book uh this this quarter most of our business wins were domestic that's why um India at the end of the uh quarter the order book was 93% um domestic um orders and 7% international uh from uh in terms of Q1 highlights our revenues were driven uh largely by international shipments of 5G radios and domestic shipments of optical and FTX products and this international uh uh shipment was um to a customer um in Europe and this was one of our first um significant customer win for 5G um internationally and the other highlight was our first uh commercial end toend 5G network deployment uh win you know commercial win for end to end 5G network deployment in South America and end to end basically means it's beyond the radios it's also the baselbine unit and the core so this represents a complete uh end to advantages technology stack part of 5G network deployment. The other highlight was we continued with our uh patent filings and filed 46 patents in Q1 taking our global count to 722. I'll now hand you over to our our CFO is Prasad for walking you through the financial numbers.

Good morning everyone. Uh thanks. Uh as indicated uh the revenue is around 42 gross. uh a 21% uh quarteron quarter increase uh compared to quarter 4 by 26 at a PBT level uh PBT is around -271 uh compared to 281 crores in quarter 4. Uh coming to the balance sheet items in terms of inventory uh there there is a reduction of inventory from the previous level of 2438 crores to 2358 crores and as we have been saying earlier this inventory uh the high levels of inventory on an account of uh advanced procurements in terms of uh materials uh for addressing uh the uh add-on orders and preparedness to address the other customer requirements. And at the net uh at net receivable level, the net receivables uh after the uh customer advance adjustments uh currently stands at 2,232 crores compared to 1,95 crores an increase uh in terms of net receivable uh resulting in the working capital. Uh the networking capital uh increased uh mainly on account of uh the net trade receivables uh increase uh and also uh correspondingly uh increased uh schedule payouts. The cash position compared to quarter 4 stands at 489 crores compared to 5.5. Uh on the debt side the net debt increase uh is mainly as what I mentioned earlier in terms of uh net working capital increase as well as increased payouts and also the uh the company's focus in terms of uh continued investments in terms of capex. So there's an increase in terms of the borrowings. The gross borrowing stands at 4,866 crores uh and net borrowings at 4,277 crores.

Yeah, thanks. Thank thanks Prasad. Uh I'll now uh take you to some more details uh about our business for Q1 and as well as the outlook. So um to give you a little bit bit more color about Q1, our Uh, one of the highlights was as I mentioned the end to end 5G network vin for an operator in in South America and we the the supply of 5G massive radios to a global customer in partnership with with NEC. We were also selected by a global tier one telco for a joint R&D project in 5G and uh this is something of quite a lot of significance for us because in a successful execution over here uh will we we expect will lead to future increase in our business engagement in terms of product shipments and so on. Uh and lastly we are still awaiting the expansion order for the uh BSNL 4G that additional 26,000 sites and um you know there has been a lot of news items about this recently and u uh I can only comment that it's in the final stages of uh of conclusion in terms of awarding of the order. you know there was a discussion with our uh system integration partners regarding the final tency and so on and we expect that uh this thing will um materialize uh very soon uh probably in this quarter. So as you can see from the first three um items we are our international the traction international traction for our wireless products and technology are increasing which is a very very encouraging sign for us in terms of wline um we continue to expand our uh market share and business with the tier one Indian Telos for optical as well as uh FTX products and we for tier one telco we expanded our FTX footprint for the panindia residential broadband rollout um for another for two other tier tier ones we expanded uh we supplied our optical equipment 100 gig 400 gig uh DWDM equipment for the 5G back hall network for the enterprise service services network and also for uh hyperscaler data center connectivity. U the utilities continues to be a strong sector for us and we were selected as a vendor for the communication network modernization of a large power utility. Uh this has been a very successful business for us and we continue to win uh newer and newer business as the utilities keep modernizing their networks from the older TDM SDH network to a more IP based network. Uh internationally um our optical products continued to um win uh additional market share and this was for an existing customer in Africa a leading wholesale uh bandwidth provider and we uh did a lot of network expansion for him using our state-of-the-art 100 gig 400 gig uh coherent DWDM equipment. A few other highlights u our uh newer product product uh which was announced recently the 1600 D3 the data center interconnect product uh it was selected as a global finalist among the top three at the prestigious uh leading lights awards for 2026. This is indeed a um a recognition to be proud of because this is a one of the most respected patients this uh in the field and the fact that they uh recognized us among two other global OEM as one of the most innovative products that were launched. You know, this is a has a significant uh um is actually a significant recognition of our R&D capabilities. We won the Bangalore chamber of commerce and industry industry and commerce award for manufacturing excellence. We signed with IIT Gandhi Nagar and Ma and Maharashtra to catalyze and nurture uh the local innovation ecosystem uh for next telecom. We increased our um uh patent filing. We um we filed 46 new patent applications taking the account to 722 um of which 380 have already been granted and the rest are in the process of analysis and u and and going through the next steps. Uh we also successfully completed the field and lab trials uh the demonstration of uh the D2M or the our broadcast radio solution. U as per uh you know and this was also a significant milestone which was we al saw a lot of um you know publicity where um along with Prasi and um and uh and uh free stream we were engaged uh in uh field trial and extensive field trial for our broadcast equipment. So in terms of uh the key business drivers for our products Today um you know one of the important trends that we see and that we highlighted was the expansion of uh 5G deployment in emerging markets and um we expect the 5G rollouts to continue till uh 2030 and overtaking um you know the 4G deployments at a very rapid pace. Globally 5G is also going to serve a lot of fixed broadband applications applications and um those the number of um subscriptions are set to triple and reach 90 million globally by 2030 and this is going to be an important application of 5G as well which we will serve and then uh the other part of it I talked about the expansion of existing 4G networks in India and emerging international markets of course the BSN 4G is one of the key key um opportunities over here but apart from that also we see engagements in um in a 4G network expansion in uh several emerging uh international markets. Uh in the wireless line segment, the rapid growth of data centers and connectivity is driving a lot of our business especially uh for the optical and uh also this is also resulting in the last mile increase uh in the last mile connectivity both in terms of numbers as well as in terms of bandwidth. So we see the enterprise connectivity bandwidth going up significantly and that uh is uh leading to a lot of our equipment uh being uh purchased and deployed in the application. We see significant increase in residential broadband complexity and we have tier one partners in India which are driving that growth uh with our FTX equipment. The as the wireless networks are expanding the back hall connectivity for those networks. Uh those are also significant part of our business and I highlighted the modernization of utility networks from the uh older TDM technology to IP based networks and that's also continues to be one of our of key drivers. So looking forward um you know we see the rapid deployment and global adoption of AI as going to be one of the key drivers for our business. And to walk you through uh the details of what that really means I'll hand it over to our CTO Dr. Kumar Shivajin.

Thank you Arnov. So I'll take a few minutes to outline how AI is impacting the network and also what we are doing about Okay. So, all of us are using AI. You know, AI is replay search. Um, all websites are using chat bots. We're doing a lot of image processing and fake videos and everything with AI. So, all this is immediately increase the traffic uh within the internet. There's a lot more computing being added in data centers which is of course driving the growth of uh you know Nvidia and the like and uh the Central data centers have significant addition of computing capability for AI training. There's also computing being added at the edge uh for what is called AI inferencing. Okay. So this introduction of AI for pretty much everything that we do today has led to significant growth in the traffic. So AI is increased the traffic by you know 20x. Immediately the optical network is being being built out both between data centers. Data centers need to be interconnected with high bandwidth and low latency connections. So the high bandwidth here is tens of terabits and the data centers could be you know 100 km or even thousand km apart. Consistent that no please go back to the consistent with that we also need to increase the bandwidth in the aggregation and metro network which connects the users to the core. So this is what is happening. in the in the uh network due to AI. Now if you look at the next slide on what we are doing about it um we are enhancing our portfolio both wireless and optics both networks traffic but requirements um based on AI in terms 6G I use here broadly beyond wireless and what the industry is also starting to do because 6G will impact both the wireless and the optical network. So starting from the left um with the introduction of AI, we will need 6G or 5G advanced to be able to address the new AI applications. So this could be go beyond phones to you know meta glasses and uh other devices in the next few years. Uh this is for wireless users will will access it through the 5G advanced or 6G radio access network. But there is also increase in traffic going from homes and businesses. So in homes we are enhancing our portfolio of pawn to go to 50 gig pawn from the current 10 gig pawn. Um businesses will also be served with higher bandwidth in the access. Typically it's 1000 gig today. We'll go to about 800 gig. Okay. The same increase in traffic will carry through the rest of the network. So at the core of the network today we are mostly 400 gig. wavelengths that'll go to 1.2 terabit or even 1.6 terabit wavelengths. The WDM network which has which typically operates on one pair of fibers and adding additional bands used to operate in this conventional band or C band. In the last few years, we've added another band L band. But by 2030, we also expect to add a third band. So, we'll have three bands of WDM with, you know, 100 plus wavelengths operating. uh at speeds up to 1.6 terabs per second. So this is a future in the next few years by 2030 I think all of these products will have to be there and we have a um significant investment in R&D across both wireless and wine to build out this portfolio so we can take advantage and address the products needed to build out this network to support AI. So with that I hand it back to Arnob to conclude this presentation.

Thank you Kumar. So in summary um some of the key um takeaways the key messages from our business in Q1 is u first of all uh growing international traction for our wireless products our new 5G veins in international regions and multiple other engagements with all operators. Our joint R&D partnership with global tier one telco is also an endor ment of that and um you know and lot of our credibility is also coming from our network performance for in the BSNL 4G network which is an endorsement of our product scalability and reliability and that has given us a lot of credibility when we engage customers including uh the the tier one telco that we that I'm referring to in terms of wireless wland business has been seeing steady growth and uh driven by growth in data center connectivity residential enterprise broadband and we have a very good incumbency in uh the Indian private telos and as their business grows we see our um our business expanding and as well as increasing we are increasing market share um in those networks as well and finally we are well positioned for an AIdriven future have lot of investments in our in 5G advanced and wireless and 6G for our wireless portfolio and um uh you know uh the the portfolio of products also investments for building products for building this end to end high bandwidth low latency networks required for the for AI infrastructure and also use user access. So with this I come to the conclusion of u our presentation and uh open the floor for Q&A.

Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on their touchstone development. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets while asking a question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question assembles. We take the first question from the line of Pushar Kurana from Peace Well. Please proceed.

Yeah. Hi, thank you for the opport. Unity. Uh sir, my first question is regarding this PSN receivables that we have since we are now in the final stage of getting this order for 26,000 sites. Does that mean our receivable situation should also improve and we should start getting the payment from BML? Uh given that was subject to some acceptance that were left. So any comment on that?

I didn't get any the your last part of the statement your receivables and then you had given given the add-on order or so so so there was some acceptance test that were less for some of the out of which you were get you were able to get those payments right

correct correct correct correct correct that's okay acceptance test okay yeah understood yeah you know um yeah that's correct I think we are um you know the the expansion uh orders uh were also one of the part was also the completing of those acceptance and uh some of the pending features and all those kind of things. So those are also in a a very advanced stage and coming to a closure. So yes, you're right. We expect a lot of the PSN receivables to also get cleared during the quarter um as we move along for the the expansion project.

That that's wonderful sir. And my second question is regarding the international order that we have got on the wireless side for 5G radios and and the one with the collaboration with anything. I just want to understand these order links are mainly for the PSPs or enterprises and and if you could quantify also the number of sites that we have begun with.

Uh yeah so these are all for TSPs uh all of them are for TSPs or uh for mobile network services and um see I I cannot uh quantify uh the number of sites because uh you know I don't have permission from the customers uh themselves uh kind of a thing. But uh more importantly getting uh the incumbency getting this reference network deployments is a really good I think for us that's probably the most important thing and u as uh the network deployment uh happens and expands I mean this should lead to uh not only uh more business from the existing uh PSPs but serve as a really good reference for other customers in those region. Great. Great. And sir, this NC so I was reading about this N was actually restructuring their 5G RAM business. So does that mean are we going to be exclusive partner for them wherever there is NC downfield expansion happening or even green field there? We'll be the exclusive partner for N where we'll be doing the manufacturing for them or or how is it really placed uh for users networks here?

Yeah. So we are there part partners for uh their 5G radios and beyond. So um you know their focus is on the software side on uh for for the 5G network on the on the VRAN and so on but for for the varieties of radios um the today's radios as well as the future ones um and in some cases 4G radios as well we are uh they are kind of you can say the exclusive partner uh or you know I think the preferred partner is probably the right word to use and um you know because we also have a deep partnership with them uh for the development and and manufacturing of these products. So yes you know you can with their uh with their international deployments I mean uh we should our radios are the ones that should actually be going along with their products.

Can you also quantify what is the total market size fall time right now? What kind of for the business they were doing presently in the 5G land side.

Yeah, I don't have those numbers with me right now. I don't have those numbers with me right now and I know they have a significant business in Japan and significant business in Europe and uh uh we are looking at this partnership of getting uh market traction in those markets along with them.

Okay. Okay. That's all from my Thank you so much and all the best. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Janice Cheta from Kemp Family Office. Please proceed.

Uh good morning. Uh sir, I'm audible.

Yes, you are.

Yeah. Uh so just one question from my side. Now since in the BSN there was a performance link payment uh that was there. Are there similar condition in the international orders as well? Uh no no there are no uh such conditions because um for uh the international orders they have uh especially the one that in uh South America and then the other one also the the the the wins the purchase orders came after an extensive P. So ours were already proven uh in the PC network after which these orders came. So there's no payment link to uh those performances but it it's very important for us to have a really good per performance in the network for uh you know any expansions and uh in also further businesses and them providing a good reference network for us. So

so what will be the payment cycle type for these uh supplies that you have made uh recently? Is it just 60 to 90 days or longer?

Yeah. No, it will be the regular payment cycles that we have for most customers. There is nothing exceptional over here. It's uh or or like BSN. It's not like that. I mean most of them are our standard uh it varies between uh 60 to 90 days and uh this is also with the same terms.

Thank you so much sir.

Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Raja Kumar from RK Invest. Please proceed.

Yeah, good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Uh so the first question is uh I just wonder what is the path to profitability? Yeah. So of course the first first part um is of course our increasing our our business and uh and market share. As you know we came off um from um you know FI25 a very successful FI25 and FI26 uh was results were not as expected because lot of the deals you were expecting to close at the time uh didn't materialize whereas we kept on investing on R&D for uh for future technology development. So the first path to profitability is of course growing our business and with the momentum that we have and uh and also getting the expansion order I mean that uh that will give us a lot of um tailwind in in that direction. Um apart from that so uh of course uh we have to as a as a part of the growth of business business, we have to leverage our partnerships with our global OEMs uh partners, right? NEC and others for growing our international business. Um and then finally optimizing our operating expenses in line with our business and um you know cost engineering for improving margins and working capital management to reduce final finance costs over time and as you know a lot of the uh inventory buildout that had been made for the expansion order. Uh now with this coming in We expect a lot of that to uh get go away reducing our working capital requirements for the future. We also expect our receivables to come down um with the uh with the completion of all the acceptances and uh delivering all the you know the deferred features for BSNL. So as an so in overall I would say um you know we are in a very positive direction as you can see from our financial results from Q1 of 26 526 to Q4 to Q1. I mean uh the trajectory is positive uh was in terms of revenue uh PBT inventory and so on maybe not to the scale at which we were expecting uh but uh the positive trajectory is there and um as we continue to go along we are growing our business I think on all the parameters that I talked about you know revenue um working capital inventory receivables all we should see a lot of positive progress and all of that and I believe we are on uh on the path to u to profitability.

Okay. Uh thank you so much sir. So so in terms of timeline can we take it as anywhere between 12 to 18 months we can see a positive bottom line.

I would say you know there is yeah I mean I would say there is a um our first target will be uh positive IDIDA and ITI and then going to bad profitability as well. And yes it will take it will take some time you know 12 to 18 months is a reasonable time to expect.

Okay thank you so much sir. So just one more question uh just on the receivable I see that the receivable has moved from,900 to 2,232 crores. So it's almost a 325 cr movement and you have done revenues of about 400 crores this quarter. So which means almost whatever your revenue done it's remaining in AR only. So I mean I know that there is no there is no BSNL order in both in this current the quarter and the previous quarter. So why we are seeing a sticky collection in uh even the nonbsnl segment also

uh we had collections for the nonbsnl segment also uh but you know with this increase in revenue I think the whatever we have shipped the increased shipments of this quarter have gone into the receivables that's why that's one of the reasons that you are seeing the receivables have haven't gone up okay sir thank you so much Thank you. We take the next question from the line of to Gandhi an individual ambassador. Please proceed.

Uh hello, we can't uh hear you, Sugi.

Yes. Hi. Uh thank you for taking my question. Um a couple of things. If you could uh uh you know give us an idea about uh you know the warranty provision you know and uh you know what is uh the internal policy that we follow for making these provisions because they have been a recurring item on the P&L for the last couple of quarters. Um and uh you know in terms of you know what is the origin of these provisions because uh you know they're sizable compared to the kind of business they used to do in the pre uh BSNL order era. So you know uh just trying to also figure out you know how to look about profitability from a long-term perspective in terms of you know I understand that the BSNL order is a big proof of concept for our execution in 5G but in terms of you know uh in terms of you know uh how profitable you know the kind of net profit that we make from the order against you know the kind of provisions that we make uh I'm I'm just uh assuming here most of them come from uh you know RPSU businesses only. So you know could you give us an idea about that?

Uh yeah so I think uh you first question was about uh warranty cost and they are usually determined by uh potential fault rates and repair requirements and and anticipated claims during the um warranty period and is driven by our cumulative install base. Um So right now the uh distortion that you see in this increased warranty provision is because of this large uh BSNL network that was rolled out and as you've seen in our uh financial performance in the past this was uh not a very big factor and uh in the future we also don't see this going to happen and as the product base um the products uh stabilizes which is what is happening and the field experience matures we are the warranty costs are expected to normalize. So this has been a one-off case because of the of large uh network deployment that has happened and you know it's going to stabilize and and come down as we as we get along right so we on the path to that the other part part was your question about uh profitability and all those kinds of thing I kind of answered that question that uh driven by revenue growth uh uh you know international as well as domestic and then managing of working capital and margin improvements that will come along with the international business and so on so I think that remain the same. Uh the while the BSNL business is there as you can see um you know our all our efforts and focus is on u the the private market the private t market both in India as well as international and during the quarter we have made um significant progress in that direction especially and the heartening thing to note are all our new technology investments in 5G in in optical in FTX all of them are getting traction and so kind of the the vision of what how these technologies would evolve and how the market would adopt them, you know, it's kind of playing out. So that's the positive part. The add-on order is a would be a really good tailwind for us in terms of uh cleaning up the the inventory that was built, cleaning up the receivables uh and really improving our working capital and all uh significantly. So that's the good part of the add-on order when it comes in. But from all other parameters in terms of new business wins and uh and international business growth. I think uh we are on a very positive you know on a positive tra trajectory and we um you know hope to continue this going forward.

Sure sir. Uh in terms of the add-on orders economics would be more or less on the same line as for the uh initial one lakh side.

That's correct. That's correct. Going to the same lines that

if I if I'm not mistaken there was some service revenue element which was supposed to last for uh you know uh for a longer period uh do we acrewue any revenue on account of uh services provided to BSNL on the existing base today?

Not yet. That's going to start the AMC's are going to start after site acceptance and the warranty period getting over uh is going to start. So the the the significant amount of service revenue AMC revenues that has not started yet.

So sorry what is the timeline for that?

Yes. In the It's going to start in the next few quarters.

Sure. Okay. And uh if you can give us a split of the current quarterly revenues between uh wireless and wine.

Uh yeah, I mean I we we don't get into uh those details in terms of uh more revenue split. Uh but I I can you know definitely say there's been a significant amount of wireless business and uh you know that has been also been uh mostly international right so it it is a significant part but uh I wouldn't like to give any numbers in terms of the wireless wine we we don't give that but uh we have said that the India has been 50% and international right so

international has been largely wireless and some wine also for for some of our existing customers

that's encouraging so any and and I noticed that you're not giving the order book uh anymore. I mean that's a number you used to share previously. But if you could just give us

Yeah, we did that right. I think I shared the number the uh so at the end of my first slide if you see was um 1529 crores which is a slight increase over uh Q4 which was 1514. So uh we did win um uh during the new orders during the quarter which has increased our order book slightly.

Sure. I mean how much of that would be international?

Uh if you see that's uh I also mentioned it at the beginning of a presentation that most of the new wins during the quarter has been for uh the domestic yet kind of thing apart from the the the South American 5G network. So that's why the split between current split of India international is like more than 90% 93% India and 7% international and we hope to change that profile uh going forward. And I'm assuming there's no element of BSNL order in this uh at present.

Uh there is no no there's the the new add-on order is not part of this um you know would have whatever um in terms of um um you know the service um revenue AMC's and all those kind of things for which we have P they would be in the in the backlog those no product shipment um in in that as yet. The add-on revenues are not part of the backlog as of yet. The order book

and the South American order is already included in this.

Yes, that is included in the order book.

Is that like a uh is that like a pilot uh level of uh uh you know contract or are we talking about you know slightly or is it a network roll out or you know just just a testing sort of order that we're talking in South America? And it's a bit strategy for new.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As I as I said uh we went through um uh an extensive P for our products before we were given this order that yes this is the in and this is the initial order for their network. Uh because operators also build um you know most international and private operators build network in steps right I mean since there is nothing like a tendering process like BSNL where they buy everything together and then slowly slowly deploy over a period of time. Most of the operators buy um some amount and deploy them and then expand the network as they uh get more customers as they get more territory and so on. So this is like that right I mean we finished a P uh successfully we won uh the initial order and on the success of this we expect uh additional orders to come which we are aware of. They have network expansion requirement but this will keep happening over time which is usually the way it happens for most uh private operators.

Sure, sir. And I noticed that you know after that initial uh increase in our employee uh you know accretion over you know which we saw from 2021 to 25 you know we've had a sort of stable number uh last year. So any guidance that you can give us and also you know what you capitalize and expense put together into in your R&D how much of that would be employee Thank you.

Uh so the employee uh costs are more or less u flat. We are managing the managing our expenses and I said last year we uh did a significant u you know increase because even while uh the uh the the business was not panning out as expected expected. We wanted to make sure that uh product and technology wise we were up and current and uh that's what happened. So now that u a lot of that is are done I think our employee expenses are expected to remain um flat for um you know for some more times. So that's going to happen.

That's that's helpful. Uh that's it from I'll just get back in the queue. Thank you.

Thank you. We take the next question from the letter Malibar from M Intra Finance please proceed.

Uh hi am I audible?

Yes you are.

Yeah hi sir thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow on from the point that you said that we expect the orders to come in from uh this year. So could you just help us understand what could be the size of these uh contracts that we get at the time of signing of the BSL deal? I believe the management had pointed out that the initial 7500 was for the supply of equipment. And then the AXCs will come also which tune us thousands of crores and you know at what over what period would these revenues be recognized? Could you tell me on that part?

Yeah. So um so the AMC revenues would be recognized over a period of 8 years when it starts.

Okay. Okay. Uh just some detail around what could be the size of the AMC revenues.

Yeah.

AMC.

Yeah. So we have not um um you know we will I think we don't have um uh we have not yet shared the AMC numbers for the network. I think when that materializes we're going to uh um you know share that with you. Okay.

Okay. But see uh sir From my understanding the AMC revenue would be higher margin. So is that a key component of our path to profitability as a previous participant had asked is that something that we factoring in that's what I'm trying to yeah no so yeah that's correct. I think the AMC uh the AMC revenues come with a much higher margin obviously. So that's going to um uh you know definitely help our profitability when it starts and uh it's going to start in the next you know few quarters they're going to start at the end of the deployment and acceptance and warranty period but you're right yeah the AMC's will come with higher margin and uh and impact of our uh financials very positively

okay and just one last detail so when the AMC orders come is it going to be one large kind of a lumpy contract like the surprise equipment was or is it more nuanced as in you know which circle the equipment was deployed in that circle you can see orders come in first or something of that sort.

Yeah, mostly it is going to be like that. Mostly it's going to be like that. It's going to be circle by circle AMCPOS that are going to come based on the timeline of the deployment and so on. So that's how it's going to happen.

Oh, okay.

But it will be a it will be a multi-year contract. It's not going to be year after year contract. It will be a multi-year contract, but they'll come uh straight into circles and that's the way it'll Okay. So, thank you. Thanks for taking my class.

Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Shesh from Invest Yadia. Please proceed.

Yeah. Uh hello. I have question about uh D2M. So, we got an approval of D2M in last quarter. So, how is this going to pan out? Is are there any orders about D2M or or will there be any certaintity about orders any contracts or any particular uh revenue yeah will be would be there I don't want guidance but how will be the trajectory for detail I want to understand that

yeah yeah yeah I'll uh I'll hand you over to our co priam who's closely following the trial and the business and he can update

yeah hello D2M basically we are waiting for the prasar barti tender to happen uh once the tender is out we will be partnering with one of the I partners like freestam or anybody else who's participating and uh that process will take some time. So we are at this point in time there is no clarity on when exactly the tender happens. So that is the part it will uh take for us to really uh you know get into the market tender has to come to participate with the SI and after the selection we see the win.

So all the trial that have happened is with our equipment exclusively with our for uh broadcast radios.

Yeah. So I want to understand again one question about that also that are there any other players who have who got that approval of D2 India specific if you want to understand that.

So there may be multiple SI partners who would participate in this tender but uh like Arnob mentioned the D2M equipment uh we are uniquely positioned uh to be uh one of the only players who have the kind of a equipment uh available as of today. So we have

there hasn't been any other PC with anybody else's equipment.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Our equipment has been done uh you know proof of concept uh trials

and do you have the numbers of total time for D2M any specific uh is there any time or where we can get the understanding of market how how large that market is?

See uh if they If the rollout happens nationwide to the scale at which we anticipate it to happen, then it could be close to a billion dollars of uh time. Uh but you know it really depends on the phase at which it is rolled out. So if and the roll out might might happen in phases. So it may not be all of it will happen in one shot.

So I think it's probably better to give the number of size control direction rationally. So overall if This is a nationwide roll out. We we're talking about the number of sites which are very similar to what we have seen for BSNL. But it all depends on

will be less

less than the BSN,

right? Probably less than that.

Well, the broadcast sites will be lower. So, it will be lesser number of sites compared to the BSNL network.

Okay. And uh one last question about that. Uh I read the news about that TC has got the expansion deal for uh BSNL. So, uh is that the uh expansion uh that we were talking about or is there another next phase of expansion is there for 4G?

No, this is the same uh expansion order that you're talking about for this 26,000 sites.

Yeah. Yes, that's it for Yeah.

Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Raj Singh from Vive Investment Managers. Please proceed. Hi, thanks for taking my question. Uh my first question is on the R&D return. So is investing heavily in R&D. Can you uh let me know which recent R&D investments are closest to commercialization and when should investors expect meaningful revenue from them?

The R&D investments keeps happening on a continuous basis and they are lot of it are the evolution of the technology that we play in for example we started our wireless journey using 4G right so as we were doing 4G the natural evolution was investment in 5G and that's what we have been investing in for the last uh more than 12 months you know more than close to 24 months we have been investing as in as we our 4G products were getting deployed that investment had happened and uh you know that is now leading to commercialization the beginning of commercialization and we are seeing the initial successes So while now we um you know expect or growth in our 5G business we have already started investing in 6G 5G advance and 6G as well right so it is not one single new product which is the there's the investment will come out and get commercialized it's like a ongoing process and evolution of our our technology right and similarly for optical if you see it's like the the technology space is the same say optical transmission of high capacity the um traffic and when we started on optical it was you know it was 100 gig you know 10 Gbit moving to 100 Gbit then it moved to 200 now it is we are supporting up to 1.2 TB per channel uh the major deployments are happening in 400 gig and 800 gig and so on so as and that happens as the technology new innovations come in I mean we will be investing ahead of time before uh they get erupted and um you know and as And with the um adoption of those technologies happen, we'll be commercializing it. So it is I mean the the summary is that it's not really one new product which we are launching which for which we are going to uh see uh commercialization. It's like a evolution process of um of the technology and products that we have.

Understood. Okay. So my second question is on the competitive position. Uh so against uh global vendors like Nokia, Ericson and Right. Where does pages believe it has a strong technological edge today?

So in terms of wireless if you see we are our radio technology has uh is really um standing out right and that's why we get a lot of attention especially the SNL network performance has has proven the uh the kind of the majority of our technology and uh in terms of the a wide portfolio of um rand that we have or the radios that we have and that's where the the global partnerships are also uh coming into play right so from that point of view I would say wireless efficient higherforming radios uh the macro radios uh that we have our entire solution with BBU has lot of differentiators in terms of being an integrating uh integrated uh BBU with transport and all those kind of a things Um so uh there are so first of all I would say the equipment performance and uh and and secondly the versatility of the equipment in terms of how it um uh it can be deployed in the network and um you know reducing the overall opex and capex of the network that's as far as wireless goes. Similarly in from our w line point of view there are many um uh differentiators one part of the access we have a very strong portfolio access where we can combine um you know the FTX and enterprise services and high bandwidth low latency services in a in a single uh product using techn the convergence of all the technology that we have our optical products are again absolutely state-of-the-art in terms of performance power density uh you know the reason that our data center product has been selected as a finalist is that we are absolutely leading edge in terms of uh power and density and um and the and the and the services and the capacity of the product in terms of the services it offers. So I think that's the in a way that's the minimum requirement if you want to grow in your international business as well as the Indian private telco business. So um in a nutshell whenever we make this product I think uh those differentiators are uh built in and designed and then um you know the quality of your portfolio um is what really matters in terms of being able to win over the competition that you're talking about.

It sounds great sir. Uh my last question is on artificial intelligence. So if AI infrastructure spending accelerates uh globally over the next five years existing products uh do you think would benefit without requiring additional R&D?

No, we would have to um you know Clearly increase in AI means increase in bandwidth connecting data centers and uh connecting users to the data center which is the access. So the current product sales will improve but it's also required for us to develop higher capacity products both in the access and in the core right and that's what I outlined. So yes there will be increase in our current product sales but we also need higher capacity because networks will become higher capacity and we are investing in that. to evolve our products. And if you see the current round of um investments are happeningly in terms of building the central data data centers where you know Kumar talked about learning versus inference and so on. So as this infrastructure gets built and then the AI adoption I think we probably believe we have kind of scratched the surface in terms of AI adoption across the world and when that really gets mainstream and everybody becomes a heavy user of AI that's where the investments will move from the centralized infrastructures to the edge and then to the last mile to the access uh to the users as well right and that's where Kumar talked about our 50 gig pawn and then 6G and 5G advance coming into play so as and when that matures our the different segments of our products will see a lot more uh business traction and uh we are kind of continue to invest to um to in line with the vision of how the network will evolve uh with that deployment.

Yeah, sounds great. Thank you so much. Uh those are my questions.

Okay, thank you.

Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vay from Shukcom Ventures. Please proceed.

Morning gentlemen. Thanks for this opportunity. Uh just wanted to check with you sir for the 1.60 DWDM platform. Can you name uh you know if the trials are going on with the India sector or international hyperscalers what stage are we in terms of trials and uh what specific uh technology gap that uh you foresee and how quickly you think you can come closer to that that's the first question the second is in your presentation you talked a lot about the solutions that you give end to end uh could we have the timeline of those uh trials and launches possible thank you

yeah so the when I talk about 160 um WDM um you know if you see our current products uh the which are getting deployed um also uh you know support up to 1.6 terabs per channel performance in WDM and they are getting u you know traction right now and you know what happens is that when you support up to 1.2 terabytes you know people actually based on the network requirements they you know they run the equipment at maybe 400 GB per channel or 800 GB per channel based on the capacity of the network, right? But we are seeing the capacity goes up to 1.2 terabytes and the customers have already tried it and seen it for the maximum performance and then they buy it and deploy it for their requirements while they have tested the uh for for it for the peak performance. Similarly, the new uh BCI product uh the product is uh at the initial customer engagements right now. We are positioning it for u for field trials and So I think this year we expect to go through uh several PC's and field trials and uh maybe towards the end of the financial year or early financial year this new product will also start seeing uh customer deployment and so on. But uh you know we have already positioned it across several uh large opportunities both in India as well as globally. The other one we talked about end toend solutions. I talk I think I referred to end to end network or 5G in um uh for a 5 win and in that end to end what I referred to was the combination of our radios our bassband equipment and the core you know which is a substantial amount of technology coming together completely uh from pages uh so that's that was the wireless end to-end solution now if you combine it the other end toend part of it is when you combine this wireless with our wline products because these wireless networks right from the radio sites connecting to the core and so on requires a wine network which runs over fiber. So even that networks and that's when I talk about 5G back hall uh wins that I talked about during the quarter that's where our wland equipment also comes into play and um yes as of today as a combination of wland and wireless we have you know all the products and technologies that operator can use to build a complete network however I mean that's not how all major you know tier one operators always have multi vendor networks across uh each and every technology kind of a thing. So um you know that's the way uh people purchase as well. But yeah you know one of our strengths is the end to end solutions that we have for wireless and w sorry I was referring to the end to end transformation with respect to AI AI native BBUL all the way up to NGWM. So when you look at uh you look at MIMO you know you talked about CLS bands C plus L+ band DWM So then you talked about 1.6. So I I'm just trying to understand uh when do we see this coming into reality in in in the next to the you know forthcoming quarter. So do we see uh MIMO first you know first commercial wins on that side and then progressing ourselves to the 1.6 DWDM how does that stack work you know uh so it's just trying to understand how does the flow will come through

6G will get commercialized only around 2030 maybe 2029 will be the product. Okay. Okay. So we'll gear up in stages for that two the 256 TR massive myo will be will what will happen first spectrum has to be allotted 7 GHz

correct

then standards have to be finalized right so the date from TGPP for 6G is 2030 so we expect to have product launches just before that probably in 2029 but we will have you know technology capability demonstrations and so on starting next year progressing towards a commercial product with full capability in that time frame. The reason is not entirely with us. The reason is also the the standards have to be finalized. The phone ecosystem which may not be phones in 60 in could be other kinds of user equipment that has to mature right again in WDM today it's mainly C plus Lband so 1.6 TA is there the addition of the Sband will happen as the capacity crunch hits right and that also will happen in the next two three years Sband is already there. But the demand is will pick up around the same time frame when the traffic scales up when 60 gets deployed and lot more of this uh you know virtual reality and all that happens at the edge of the network and uh on the 2029. Yeah sure. So

uh we are also running out of time now. So can we we'll have time for one last question. You can uh

Sure. Sure. Uh just I'll just combine two questions in one. So if you can help me answer that. So, AI edge router product um are we uh when we do testing or do we also have uh uh Sanka as the design AI accelerator chip or do we initially go with some of the uh uh AI chips that are available in the market? How do we do that and what is the timeline for that? That is one. Second, uh on a broader basis, do we say that from FI27 all the way to 3031 we will have uh consistent revenue growth and unlike the past that they've had uh and therefore we know we have set of growth stages like D2M plus you have um uh AI uh you have the DWDM AI the AI hyperscala business plus 60 coming in so should we expect uh a consistent progressive revenue growth from 27 to 3031 you know that's these are the two questions thank you

yeah maybe let me start with the second one u you know that you're right I think we should given the the equip the R&D investments and the products that we have which are very relevant not only for the business opportunities today not only for the networks of today but also as uh uh as AI deployment happens we kind of uh Omar kind of explained how they're going to be relevant so as that happens um you know um yes we expect to see uh more business wins more market share and more adoption of existing as well as the new products coming in so uh so yes I think the the the goal is and the expectation is that uh next few years we should see uh business growth and u you know um and and as well as profitable growth right I mean coming off the back of this large GSN orders right so that is there and as far as the um edge edge router you're talking about yeah it's more of a routing product it doesn't have a any AI engine in them uh right now but it is more towards uh enabling the scalability of edge networks connected with the you know that's where the lot of the the AI inferencing infrastructure and all will be connected to and this will provide um um you know the the the infrastructure for high bandwidth low latency connectivity connecting the end users to those um inferencing sites that's the main uh application and so yeah and the the the technology over here is basically providing uh high speeded switching and low latency communication between the end user uh to the edge.

Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Right.

Okay. Thank you sir.

Okay. So yeah. So uh once again thank you very much for attending the earnings call and uh if you have any further questions feel free to reach out to our to our company website and we'll be happy to answer the questions as they come along. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we take that as the last question for the team and would now like to hand the conference over to the management for their closing comments.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think I made my management comments. So, thanks to everyone for attending this and I hope you have given a good picture of the business of Q1 and uh and the progress that we have made uh from 20 from FI uh 26. Um looking forward We u you know we are very bullish about our future. We are very bullish about all the investments that we have made over the past 12 months and the outlook the industry outlook that we see from our customer base and new customers especially in the international market and u um you know thank you for your continued partnership and we hope to stay engaged with you as we make progress in our business. So thank you once again.

Thank you on behalf of ICICI Securities Limit. date that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us in now. Disconnect your line.

```yaml
stage: A1-extractor
company: "TEJASNET"
quarter: "Q1 FY27"
doctype: "concall"
model: claude-sonnet-5
status: complete
page_count: 1
formfeed_count: 0
line_count: 223
unit_convention: "Crores"
conversion_factor_to_cr: "x1"
ocr_pages: []
page_coverage_pct: 100
detected_quarter: "Q1 FY27"
extract_path: "/home/user/inflection-pipeline/runs/tejasnet-q1fy27/work/extract_concall_tejasnet_q1fy27.txt"
gate_a1: pass
gap_note: ""
```
