

===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
 
Date: 02nd September, 2026  
 
To, 
The General Manager 
Capital Market(Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, BKC 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051 
 
Symbol:	RUBYMILLS	
To, 
Dy. General Manager 
Marketing Operations (Listing) 
The BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
Code:	503169	
 
 
Sub :-  Reg. 34 (1) of SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirement) 
Regulation,  2015 
	
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34 (1) of Securi ties Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are submitting 
herewith the Annual Report of the Company along with the Notice of Annual General 
Meeting for the Financial Year 2025-26. 
  
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Anuradha Tendulkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Mem. No :‐ A55173 
 
 

===== PAGE 2 =====


===== PAGE 3 =====


===== PAGE 4 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
Chairman Emeritus
Smt. Aruna Manharlal Shah 
Board of Directors
Shri Hiren Manharlal Shah, Executive Chairman 
Shri Bharat Manharlal Shah, Managing Director 
Shri Viraj Manharlal Shah, Managing Director 
Shri Purav Hiren Shah, Executive Director 
Shri Mehernosh R. Currawalla, Non-Executive Independent Director 
Smt Jasvanti A. Patel, Non-Executive Independent Director 
Shri Rahul G. Divan, Non-Executive Independent Director 
Shri Deepak R. Shah, Non-Executive Non-Independent Director 
Shri Gurudas Aras, Non-Executive Independent Director 
Shri Paras K. Savla Non-Executive Independent Director appointed w.e.f 27.12.2025
Chief Executive Officer & Chief Financial Officer
Shri Purav Hiren Shah
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Ms. Anuradha Tendulkar
Solicitors
Federal & Company 
Rashmikant & Partners
Dhaval Vussonji & Associates
Statutory Auditors
M/s. C N K & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants, Mumbai 
Internal Auditors
M/s. Aneja & Associates, Chartered Accountants, Mumbai 
Secretarial Auditors
M/s. Vikas R. Chomal and Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, Mumbai 
Cost Auditors
Mr. Dakshesh Hiralal Zaveri, Mumbai
Bankers / Term Lenders to the Company
State Bank of India 
Bank of India 
Bank of Baroda 
HDFC Bank 
Union Bank of India
Registered Office
Ruby House, J. K. Sawant Marg, Dadar West, Mumbai – 400 028, 
Email: info@rubymills.com; Phone: +91-22-24387800; Website: www.rubymills.com
 
Plant Locations
Dhamni Complex Kharsundi Complex 
Village Dhamni Village Kharsundi 
Taluka Khalapur Taluka Khalapur 
Dist. Raigad Dist. Raigad
 
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent
Bigshare Services Private Limited, 1st Floor, Bharat Tin Works Building
Opp. Vasant Oasis Makwana Road, Marol Andheri (E), Mumbai – 400 059
Tel.: 022-62638200, Fax: 022-62638299

===== PAGE 5 =====
CONTENTS
PARTICULARS PAGE NO.
SUMMARISED FINANCIAL DATA 5
 
NOTICE 6
DIRECTORS’ REPORT 30
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 50
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 53
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 75
DECLARATION BY CEO/CFO 76 
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS 77 
INDEPENDENT STANDALONE AUDITORS’ REPORT 78
STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 92
INDEPENDENT CONSOLIDATED AUDITORS’ REPORT 158
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 168

===== PAGE 6 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
5
SUMMARISED FINANCIAL DATA OF THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED               (r**)
Sr. 
No.
                                                     
 Particular *                 
2021-
22
(Rs.)
2022-
23
(Rs.)
2023-
24
(Rs.)
2024-
25
(Rs.)
2025-
26
(Rs)
2025-
26
(Rs.)
1 Total Revenue 19,989 26,462 25,035 26,977 37,615 37,615
2 Profit Before Depreciation and 
interest
5,565 5,653 6,871 6,984 9,294 9,292
3 Finance Cost 966 413 465 475 1,542 1,543
4 Depreciation and amortization 
Expense
913 869 840 1,132 2,448 2,448
5 Profit Before Tax 3,686 4,370 5,566 5,377 5,304 5,301
6 Provision for Tax including 
Current tax and Adjustment of 
earlier Years
587 802 1007 652 528 528
7 Provision for Deferred tax (6) 46 104 493 418 418
8 Profit After Tax 3,105 3523 4,454 4,231 4,358 4,356
9 Add: Other Comprehensive 
Income
27 7 28 (8) (4) (4)
Add: Surplus Brought Forward
Less: Dividend Paid
17,362
(125.4)
20,368
(501.6)
23,396
(418)
27,460
(585.20)
31,098
(585.20)
31,098
(585.20)
Balance available for 
Appropriation
20,368 23,396 27,460 31,098 34,866 34,864
*Note:  All Financial data above have been extracted from audited financial statement prepared under IND-AS   
 method of recording/preparing account
**  All figures are in lakhs.
*** During the year ended 31st March 2026, the Company incorporated two wholly owned new subsidiaries   
 i.e. Ruby Greentech T Pvt. Ltd. (RGTPL) and Ruby Greentech K Pvt. Ltd. (RGKPL) with their registered   
 office in India. The subsidiaries were incorporated on 18th March 2026. Therefore consolidated financial   
 results for the previous year is not available, hence not provided.
Standalone Consolidated***

===== PAGE 7 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
6
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED 
Regd. Office:  Ruby House, J. K. Sawant Marg, Dadar (W), Mumbai-28.
CIN: L17120MH1917PLC000447
Tel No. 022-24387800/30997800, Fax: +91-22-24378125.
E-mail id: info@rubymills.com l Website: www.rubymills.com
NOTICE
Notice is hereby given that the One Hundred and Tenth Annual General Meeting (“AGM” or “Meeting”) of the 
Members of The Ruby Mills Limited (“Company”) will be held on Thursday, 24th September, 2026 at 04:30 p.m. 
(IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”) / Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”) to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS
1. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Financial Statements (Standalone and Consolidated) of the 
Company for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 together with the Report of the Board of Directors and 
Auditors thereon.
2. To declare the final dividend on Equity Shares for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2026 of Rs. 2.50 per 
fully paid-up equity shares.
3. To appoint a Director in place of Shri. Deepak Rameshchandra Shah (DIN–06954206) who retires by rotation 
and being eligible for re-appointment, offers himself for re-appointment.
SPECIAL BUSINESS
4. Ratification of Cost Auditor Remuneration
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following as an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the relevant rules framed thereunder, as amended from time to time (including any 
statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), Company hereby ratifies 
the remuneration of Rs. 3,75,000 (Rupees Three Lakh and Seventy-Five Thousand Only) plus taxes, if any, 
as applicable and re-imbursement of out of pocket expenses, payable to Shri. Dakshesh H. Zaveri, Cost 
Accountant, (Firm Registration Number-102183), who has been appointed by the Board of Directors as Cost 
Auditor of the Company to conduct the audit of the cost records of the Company’s Textile manufacturing units 
at Dhamni and Kharsundi Plant unit for the financial year 2026-27.”
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, any of the Director of the 
Company or the Chief Financial Officer or the Company Secretary be and are hereby authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as they may in their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable 
and to settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard and to sign and execute all necessary 
documents, applications, returns and writings, including any agreements related thereto, as may be necessary, 
proper, desirable or expedient.
5. Approval of Remuneration to be paid to Shri. Hiren M. Shah (DIN-00071077), Executive Chairman of the 
Company:
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following as a Special Resolution:
 “ RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 2(54), 188, 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being) and the Rules made thereunder and applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, as amended from time to time, approval of the Members be and is 
hereby accorded to the  payment of remuneration to Shri Hiren M. Shah, Executive Chairman of the Company, 
on the terms and conditions as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Audit 
Committee and as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice, as follows:

===== PAGE 8 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
7
 • ` 18,00,000/- (Rupees Eighteen Lakhs only) per month for the period from 1st April, 2027 to 31st March, 
2028; and
 • ` 21,60,000/- (Rupees Twenty-One Lakhs Sixty Thousand only) per month for the period from 1st April, 
2028 to 31st March, 2029; plus perquisites and benefits as detailed in the Explanatory Statement annexed 
to the Notice.
 RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Section 197 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, read with Schedule V to the Act and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and as 
approved by Central Government or such other competent authority, if required, the remuneration as set out 
above be paid as minimum remuneration to Shri. Hiren M. Shah notwithstanding that in any financial year 
of the Company during his tenure as Executive Chairman, the Company has made no profits or profits are 
inadequate.”
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to alter or vary 
the terms of appointment of the appointee, including relating to remuneration, as it may, at its discretion deem 
fit, from time to time, provided however that the remuneration after the alteration/variation shall not exceed 
the limits specified in Schedule V to the Companies Act 2013 or any Statutory amendment or reenactment 
thereof in force.”
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, all the Directors of the Company 
or the Chief Financial Officer or the Company Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as they may in their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable 
and to settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard and to sign and execute all necessary 
documents, applications, returns and writings, including any agreements related thereto, as may be necessary, 
proper, desirable or expedient.”
6. Approval of Remuneration to be paid to Shri. Bharat M. Shah (DIN-00071248), Managing Director of the 
Company:
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following as a Special Resolution: 
 “ RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 2(54), 188, 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being) and the Rules made thereunder and applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, as amended from time to time, approval of the Members be and is 
hereby accorded to the payment of remuneration to Shri. Bharat M. Shah (DIN-00071248), Managing Director 
of the Company on the terms and conditions as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
and the Audit Committee and as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice, as follows:
 • ` 18,00,000/- (Rupees Eighteen Lakhs only) per month for the period from 1st April, 2027 to 31st March, 
2028; and
 •  ` 21,60,000/- (Rupees Twenty-One Lakhs Sixty Thousand only) per month for the period from 1st April, 
2028 to 31st March, 2029;
 plus perquisites and benefits as detailed in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice.
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Section 197 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, read with Schedule V to the Act and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and as 
approved by Central Government or such other competent authority, if required, the remuneration as set out 
above be paid as minimum remuneration to Shri. Bharat M. Shah notwithstanding that in any financial year 
of the Company during his tenure as Managing Director, the Company has made no profits or profits are 
inadequate.”
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to alter or vary 
the terms of appointment of the appointee, including relating to remuneration, as it may, at its discretion deem 
fit, from time to time, provided however that the remuneration after the alteration/variation shall not exceed 
the limits specified in Schedule V to the Companies Act 2013 or any Statutory amendment or reenactment 
thereof in force.”

===== PAGE 9 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
8
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, all the Directors of the Company 
or the Chief Financial Officer or the Company Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as they may in their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable 
and to settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard and to sign and execute all necessary 
documents, applications, returns and writings, including any agreements related thereto, as may be necessary, 
proper, desirable or expedient.”
7. Approval of Remuneration to be paid to Shri. Viraj M. Shah (DIN-00071616), Managing Director of the 
Company:
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following as a Special Resolution:
 “ RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 2(54), 188, 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being) and the Rules made thereunder and applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, as amended from time to time, approval of the Members be and is 
hereby accorded to the payment of remuneration to Shri. Viraj M. Shah (DIN-00071616), Managing Director of 
the Company on the terms and conditions as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and 
the Audit Committee and as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice, as follows:
 • ` 18,00,000/- (Rupees Eighteen Lakhs only) per month for the period from 1st April, 2027 to 31st March, 
2028; and
 • ` 21,60,000/- (Rupees Twenty-One Lakhs Sixty Thousand only) per month for the period from 1st April, 
2028 to 31st March, 2029;
 plus perquisites and benefits as detailed in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice.
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Section 197 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, read with Schedule V to the Act and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and as 
approved by Central Government or such other competent authority, if required, the remuneration as set out 
above be paid as minimum remuneration to Shri. Viraj M. Shah notwithstanding that in any financial year of the 
Company during his tenure as Managing Director, the Company has made no profits or profits are inadequate.”
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to alter or 
vary the terms of appointment of the appointee, including relating to remuneration, as it may, at its discretion 
deem fit, from time to time, provided however that the remuneration after the alteration/variation shall 
not exceed the limits specified in Schedule V to the Companies Act 2013 or any Statutory amendment or  
re-enactment thereof in force.”
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, all the Directors of the Company 
or the Chief Financial Officer or the Company Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as they may in their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable 
and to settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard and to sign and execute all necessary 
documents, applications, returns and writings, including any agreements related thereto, as may be necessary, 
proper, desirable or expedient.”
8. Approval for Increment in Remuneration of Shri. Purav Hiren Shah (DIN: 00123460), as the CEO, Whole Time 
Director and CFO of the Company.
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following as a Special Resolution:
 “ RESOLVED THAT pursuant to Sections 2(54), 188, 196, 197, 198 and 203 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”), The Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 (including any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for 
the time being) and the Rules made thereunder and applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, as amended from time to time, approval of the Members be and is 
hereby accorded to the approval of increment in remuneration to Shri., Purav Hiren Shah (DIN: 00123460), CEO, 
Whole Time Director and CFO the terms and conditions as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and the Audit Committee and as set out in the Explanatory Statement annexed to the Notice, as 
follows:
 • ` 13,33,300 (Rupees Thirteen Lakhs thirty-three thousand and three hundred) per month for the period 
from August 01st, 2026 plus perquisites and benefits as detailed in the Explanatory Statement annexed to 
the Notice.

===== PAGE 10 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
9
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT pursuant to Section 197 and other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013, read with Schedule V to the Act and all other applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and as 
approved by Central Government or such other competent authority, if required, the remuneration as set out 
above be paid as minimum remuneration to Shri. Purav Hiren Shah notwithstanding that in any financial year 
of the Company during his tenure as Whole-Time Director, the Company has made no profits or profits are 
inadequate.”
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT the Board of Directors of the Company be and is hereby authorized to alter or 
vary the terms of appointment of the appointee, including relating to remuneration, as it may, at its discretion 
deem fit, from time to time, provided however that the remuneration after the alteration/variation shall not  
exceed the limits specified in Schedule V to the Companies Act 2013 or any Statutory amendment or re-
enactment thereof in force.”
 “ RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to this resolution, all the Directors of the Company 
or the Chief Financial Officer or the Company Secretary be and are hereby severally authorized to do all such 
acts, deeds, matters and things as they may in their absolute discretion deem necessary, proper or desirable 
and to settle any question, difficulty or doubt that may arise in this regard and to sign and execute all necessary 
documents, applications, returns and writings, including any agreements related thereto, as may be necessary, 
proper, desirable or expedient.”
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
ANURADHA TENDULKAR
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ACS No: A55173
Registered Office:
Ruby House, J. K. Sawant Marg, Dadar (W), Mumbai-400028
CIN: L17120MH1917PLC000447
Tel: (+91 22)- 24387800 30997800  
E-mail: info@rubymills.com  l Website: www.rubymills.com
Date: 12th August, 2026
Place: Mumbai

===== PAGE 11 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
10
As per aforesaid MCA Circulars, members can vote on the resolution only through remote e-voting process, 
hence members are requested to read the e-voting process and other instructions as set out in this notice 
carefully.
NOTES
1. The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company is convened through Video Conferencing (“VC”) 
/ Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”), without physical presence of the Members at a common venue, in 
compliance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Rules made thereunder, read 
with notifications and General Circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated April 8, 2020, April 13, 
2020, May 5, 2020, December 14, 2021, May 05, 2022, December 28, 2022, September 25, 2023, September 
19, 2024 and subsequent circulars issued in this regard, the latest being 03/2025 dated September 22, 2025 
(collectively referred to as ‘MCA Circulars’).
 Further, Securities and Exchange Board of India (‘SEBI’), vide its circulars dated May 12, 2020, January 15, 
2021, May 13, 2022, January 05, 2023, October 07, 2023 and October 03, 2024 (“SEBI Circulars”) and other 
applicable circulars issued in this regard, has provided relaxations from compliance with certain provisions of 
the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”).
2. The deemed venue for the AGM will be the Registered Office of the Company, i.e. Ruby House, J. K. Sawant 
Marg, Dadar (W), Mumbai-28.
3. The Explanatory Statement pursuant to Section 102 of the Act setting out material facts and the details in 
terms of Regulations 36(3) of the Listing Regulations and SS-2 for the proposed resolution is annexed hereto 
and forms part of this AGM Notice.
4. Pursuant to the provisions of the act, a Member entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint 
a proxy to attend and vote on his/her behalf and the proxy need not be a member of the company. Since this 
AGM is being held pursuant to the MCA Circulars through VC or OAVM, the requirement of physical attendance 
of Members has been dispensed with. Accordingly, in terms of the MCA Circulars and the SEBI Circulars, the 
facility for appointment of proxies by the Members will not be available for this AGM and hence the proxy 
form, attendance slip and route map of AGM are not annexed to this Notice. The Body Corporates are entitled 
to appoint authorised representatives to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM and participate there at and cast 
their votes through e-voting.
5. The Members can join the AGM in the VC/OAVM mode 15 minutes before and after the scheduled time of the 
commencement of the Meeting by following the procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of participation 
at the AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available for 1000 members on first come first served basis. This 
will not include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional 
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are allowed to attend 
the AGM without restriction on account of first come first served basis.
6. Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM shall be reckoned for the purpose of quorum under Section 
103 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the Act).
7. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 of the Companies 
(Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended) and Regulation 44 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
& Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 (as amended), and the MCA Circulars, the Company is providing 
facility of remote e-Voting to its Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM. For this 
purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) 
for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. The facility of casting votes by a 
member using remote e-Voting system as well as voting on the day of the AGM will be provided by NSDL.
8. In compliance with the MCA circulars, the AGM Notice is being sent only by electronic mode to those Members 
whose e-mail addresses are registered with the Company/Depositories, unless any Member has requested for 
a physical copy of the same. For members who have not registered their email ids, please follow instructions 
forming part of this Notice.

===== PAGE 12 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
11
9. Members may note that the Notice of AGM shall also be available on the website of the Company at  
www.rubymills.com, websites of the Stock Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited at www.bseindia.com and NSE  
Limited at www.nseindia.com and on the website of National Securities Depository Limited (“NSDL”) at  
www.evoting.nsdl.com
10. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has mandated the submission of Permanent Account 
Number (PAN) by every participant in the securities market. Members holding shares in electronic form are, 
accordingly, requested to submit their PAN to the Depository Participants with whom they maintain their 
demat accounts. Members holding shares in physical form should submit their PAN to the Company.
11. In accordance with Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, the Company had stopped 
accepting any fresh transfer requests for securities held in physical form. Members holding shares of the 
Company in physical form are requested to kindly get their shares converted into demat/electronic form to get 
inherent benefits of dematerialization.
 Members may please note that SEBI vide its Master Circular dated February 06, 2026 - has mandated the listed 
companies to issue securities in demat form only, while processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate 
securities certificate; claim from Unclaimed Suspense Account; Renewal/ Exchange of securities certificate; 
Endorsement; Sub-division/Splitting of securities certificate; Consolidation of securities certificates/folios; 
Transmission and Transposition. Accordingly, Shareholders are requested to make service requests by 
submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR-4, the format of which is available on the website of the Company. 
It may be noted that any service request can be processed only after the folio is KYC compliant.
12. Pursuant to SEBI Circulars dated July 2, 2025 and January 6, 2026 read with SEBI Master Circular issued to 
RTAs dated February 6, 2026, Members who had submitted transfer deeds for physical shares before April 1, 
2019, and whose requests were rejected, returned, or remained unprocessed due to deficiencies, have been 
provided a special re-lodgment window till February 4, 2027, to re-lodge the transfer requests. Transfers would 
be approved if all the requisite documents are in place. Transfer of shares under this window will be credited 
only in dematerialized form and will carry a one-year lock in period from the date of transfer registration. 
Members are requested to contact the Company or the RTA for assistance in this regard.
13. SEBI vide circular dated 3rd November 2021 and December 14, 2021 has mandated the listed companies to 
have PAN, KYC, bank details and Nomination of all shareholders holding shares in physical form. Folios wherein 
any one of the cited details / documents are not available with us, on or after 1st April 2023, shall be frozen as 
per the aforesaid SEBI circular.
 The investor service requests forms for updating of PAN, KYC, Bank details and Nomination viz., Forms ISR-1, 
ISR-2, ISR-3, SH-13, SH-14 and the said SEBI circular are available on our website www.rubymills.com .
 In view of the above, we urge the shareholders to submit the Investor Service Request form along with the 
supporting documents at the earliest.
14. Members holding shares in physical mode and who have not updated their email addresses with the Company 
are requested to update their email addresses by writing to the Company or Company’s Registrar & Share 
Transfer Agents, M/s Bigshare Services Private Limited, Office No S6-2, 6th floor Pinnacle Business Park, Next 
to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri (East) Mumbai - 400093, India. Members holding shares in 
dematerialised mode are requested to register/update their email addresses with the relevant Depository 
Participants.
 The Register of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and their shareholding, maintained under Section 170 
of the Act, and the Register of Contracts or Arrangements in which the directors are interested, maintained 
under Section189 of the Act, will be available electronically for inspection by the members during the AGM. 
Members seeking inspection of the documents referred to in the Notice or Statement may send their requests 
to info@rubymills.com from their registered e-mail addresses mentioning their names, folio numbers, DP ID 
and Client ID.

===== PAGE 13 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
12
VOTING THROUGH ELECTRONIC MEANS:
In compliance with provisions of Section 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 as amended by Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2015, and 
Regulation 44 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 and the Secretarial 
Standards on General Meetings (SS-2) issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, the Company is 
providing facility of remote e-Voting to its Members in respect of the business to be transacted at the AGM to 
be held on 24th September, 2026. For this purpose, the Company has entered into an agreement with National 
Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) for facilitating voting through electronic means, as the authorized agency. 
The facility of casting votes by a member using remote e-Voting system as well as voting on the day of the AGM 
will be provided by NSDL. The Company is pleased to provide members facility to exercise their right to vote at 
the AGM to be held on 24th September, 2026 by electronic means and the business may be transacted through 
e-Voting Services provided by National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL). In terms of SEBI circular dated 
December 9, 2020 on e-voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and e-mail address in their demat accounts 
in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR REMOTE E-VOTING AND JOINING GENERAL MEETING ARE AS UNDER:-
The remote e-voting period begins on 21st September ,2026(9.00 a.m. IST) and ends on 23rd September, 2026 (5.00 
p.m. IST). The remote e-voting module shall be disabled by NSDL for voting thereafter. The Members, whose names 
appear in the Register of Members / Beneficial Owners as on the record date (cut-off date) i.e. 17th September, 
2026 may cast their vote electronically. The voting right of shareholders shall be in proportion to their share in the 
paid-up equity share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, being 17th September,2026.
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode
 In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and 
email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
 Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL.
1.  Existing  IDeAS  user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https:/ /eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e-Services home page click on the “Beneficial Owner” 
icon under “ Login” which is available under ‘ IDeAS’ section, this 
will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. After 
successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services 
under Value added services. Click on “ Access to e-Voting ” under 
e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting.

===== PAGE 14 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
13
Type of shareholders  Login Method
2. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is 
available at https:/ /eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “ Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal ” or click at https:/ /eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
IdeasDirectReg.jsp
3.  Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the 
following URL: https:/ /www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting system 
is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number 
hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on 
t he screen. After successful authentication, you will be redirected to 
NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be 
redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting.
4.  Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “ NSDL 
Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for 
seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through 
their existing user id and password. Option will be made available to 
reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. The users to 
login Easi /Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.
com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and then user 
your existing my easi username & password.
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option for eligible companies where the e-voting is in 
progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the e-voting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all 
e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting 
service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New 
System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing 
Demat Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available 
on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will authenticate the 
user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email as recorded in the 
Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will be able to 
see the e-Voting option where the e-voting is in progress and also able 
to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.


===== PAGE 15 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
14
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) 
login through their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be able to see e-Voting option. 
Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL Depository 
site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. 
Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will 
be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during 
the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting.
 Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
 Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk 
by sending a request at  evoting@nsdl.co.in or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
and 022 - 2499 7000
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk 
by sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll 
free no. 1800 22 55 33
B) Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for shareholders other than Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: https:/ /www.evoting.
nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.
 2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is available under 
‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
 3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen.
  Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https:/ /eservices.nsdl.
com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after using your log-in credentials, 
click on e-Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your vote electronically.
 4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares i.e.  
Demat (NSDL or CDSL) or Physical
 Your User ID is:
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** and Client ID is 12****** 
then your user ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 12************** then your 
user ID is 12**************
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by Folio Number registered with the 
company.
For example if folio number is 001*** and EVEN is 101456 then 
user ID is 101456001***

===== PAGE 16 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
15
 5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below: 
  a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, then you can user your existing password to login and cast 
your vote.
  b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve the ‘initial password’ 
which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial password’, you need to enter the 
‘initial password’ and the system will force you to change your password.
  c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
   (i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. 
Open the email and open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open 
the .pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL account or 
folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial 
password’.
   (ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in process for those 
shareholders whose email ids are not registered.
 6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have forgotten your password:
  a) Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If you are holding shares in your demat account with NSDL 
or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
  b) Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) option available on www.
evoting.nsdl.com.
  c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in mentioning your demat account number/folio number, your PAN, your name and 
your registered address etc.
  d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the votes on the e-Voting 
system of NSDL.
 7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the check box.
 8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open.

===== PAGE 17 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
16
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically and join General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are holding 
shares and whose voting cycle and General Meeting is in active status.
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period and 
casting your vote during the General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, you need to click on “VC/OAVM” 
link placed under “Join General Meeting”.
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens.
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of shares 
for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed. 
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option on the confirmation 
page.
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. with attested specimen signature 
of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to  cs@
parikhassociates.com with a copy marked to evoting@nsdl.co.in.
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and take utmost care to 
keep your password confidential. Login to the e-voting website will be disabled upon five unsuccessful 
attempts to key in
3. the correct password. In such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” 
or “Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password.
4. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and e-voting 
user manual for Shareholders available at the download section of  www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 022 
- 4886 7000 and 022 - 2499 7000 or send a request to (Name of NSDL Official) at  evoting@nsdl.co.in
1. The voting rights of shareholders shall be in proportion to their shares of the paid up equity share capital of 
the Company as on the cut-off date 17th September, 2026 A person, whose name is recorded in the register 
of members or in the register of beneficial owners maintained by the depositories as on the cut-off date only 
shall be entitled to avail the e-voting, as well as voting at the meeting. The members who have not cast their 
vote on the resolutions through remote e-voting shall be entitled to vote at the meeting on such resolutions.
 Any person holding shares in physical form and non-individual shareholders, who acquires shares of the 
Company and becomes member of the Company after the notice is send through e-mail and holding shares 
as of the cut-off date i.e. 17th September, 2026 may obtain the login ID and password by sending a request at 
evoting@nsdl.co.in or Issuer/RTA. However, if you are already registered with NSDL for remote e-voting, then 
you can use your existing user ID and password for casting your vote. If you forgot your password, you can reset 
your password by using “Forgot User Details/Password” or “Physical User Reset Password” option available 
on www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on toll free no. 1800 1020 990 and 1800 22 44 30 . In case of Individual 
Shareholders holding securities in demat mode who acquires shares of the Company and becomes a Member 
of the Company after sending of the Notice and holding shares as of the cut-off date i.e. 17th September, 2026 
may follow steps mentioned in the Notice of the AGM under “Access to NSDL e-Voting system”.
2. Members will be provided with the facility for voting through electronic voting system during the video 
conferencing proceedings at the AGM and Members participating at the AGM, who have not already cast their 
vote on the resolutions by remote e Voting, will be eligible to exercise their right to vote on such resolutions 
during the proceedings of the AGM.

===== PAGE 18 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
17
3. The Members who have cast their votes through remote e-voting prior to the AGM may also attend the AGM 
but shall not be entitled to cast their votes again on such resolutions.
4. Smt. Anuja Parikh (FCS: 13520) or failing her Smt. Urvashi Pandya (FCS No. 11797) of M/s Parikh & Associates, 
Practicing Company Secretaries, has been appointed as the Scrutinizer to scrutinize the e-voting at the meeting 
and remote e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner.
5. The Scrutinizer shall, immediately after the conclusion of voting of the AGM, unblock the votes cast through 
remote e-voting prior to the AGM and e-voting during the AGM and make not later than 48 hours of conclusion 
of the meeting, a consolidated Scrutinizer’s Report of the total votes cast in favour or against, if any, to the 
Chairman or a person authorized by him in writing, who shall countersign the same.
6. The Results declared along with the Scrutinizer’s Report shall be placed on the Company’s website at www.
rubymills.com and on the website of NSDL www.evoting.nsdl.com immediately after the result is declared 
by the Chairman and the same shall be communicated to the NSE & BSE Limited where the shares of the 
Company are listed.
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for procuring user id 
and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set out in this notice:
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned copy of the 
share certificate (front and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested 
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by email to (csinfo@rubymills.com).
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 digit beneficiary 
ID), Name, client master or copy of Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN 
card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to (csinfo@rubymills.com).
3.  If you are an Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to the login 
method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode.
4. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring user id and 
password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents.
5. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained 
with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and 
email ID correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR E-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS UNDER:-
1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM is same as the instructions mentioned above for remote 
e-voting.
2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and have not 
casted their vote on the Resolutions through remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from doing so, 
shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting system in the AGM.
3. Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will not 
be eligible to vote at the AGM.
4. The details of the person who may be contacted for any grievances connected with the facility for e-Voting on 
the day of the AGM shall be the same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING THE AGM THROUGHVC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
1. Member will be provided with a facility to attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting 
system. Members may access by following the steps mentioned above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. 
After successful login, you can see link of “VC/OAVM link” placed under “Join meeting” menu against company 
name. You are requested to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join General Meeting menu. The link for VC/
OAVM will be available in Shareholder/Member login where the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please 
note that the members who do not have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have forgotten the User ID 
and Password may retrieve the same by following the remote e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice to 
avoid last minute rush.

===== PAGE 19 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
18
2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting through Laptops for better experience.
3. Further Members will be required to allow Camera and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any disturbance 
during the meeting.
4. Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is therefore 
recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
5. Shareholders who would like to express their views/have questions may send their questions in advance 
mentioning their name demat account number/folio number, email id, mobile number at info@rubymills.com . 
The same will be replied by the company suitably.
6. Members who would like to express their views/ask questions as a speaker at the Meeting may pre-register 
themselves by sending a request from their registered email address mentioning their names, DP ID and Client 
ID/folio number, PAN and mobile number at info@rubymills.com from 21st September 2026 09.00 a.m. IST) 
to 23rd September , 2026 (05.00 p.m. IST). Those Members who have pre-registered themselves as a speaker 
will only be allowed to express their views/ask questions during the AGM. The Company reserves the right to 
restrict the number of speakers depending on the availability of time for the AGM.
7. Members who need assistance before or during the AGM may contact NSDL on evoting@nsdl.co.in/ 1800 1020 
990 /1800 224 430 or contact Mr. Amit Vishal, Asst. Vice President– NSDL at or Mr. Sagar Ghosalkar, Assistant 
Manager- NSDL at at evoting@nsdl.co.in
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
ANURADHA TENDULKAR
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ACS No: A55173
Registered Office:
Ruby House, J. K. Sawant Marg, Dadar (W), Mumbai-400028
CIN: L17120MH1917PLC000447
Tel: (+91 22)- 24387800 30997800 E-mail: info@rubymills.com
Website: www.rubymills.com
Date: 12th August, 2026
Place: Mumbai

===== PAGE 20 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
19
THE STATEMENT SETTING OUT MATERIAL FACTS PURSUANT TO SECTION 102 OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 
AND THE INFORMATION REQUIRED AS PER REGULATIONS 36(3) & 36(5) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND 
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND SECRETARIAL STANDARDS ON GENERAL MEETINGS 
Item No.4
Ratification of Cost Auditor Remuneration
The Board of Directors of the Company on the recommendation of the Audit Committee approved the appointment 
and remuneration of Shri Dakshesh H. Zaveri of M/s. D.H. Zaveri, Cost Accountants, to conduct the audit of the 
Cost records of the Company’s Textile manufacturing units at Dhamni and Kharsundi for the financial year ending  
March 31, 2027.
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the relevant rules framed thereunder, as amended from time to time (including any statutory modification(s) or 
re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force), the remuneration payable to the Cost Auditor is required to 
be ratified by the Members of the Company. Accordingly, the Members are requested to ratify the remuneration 
payable to the Cost Auditor for the financial year 2026-27, as set out in the Resolution for the aforesaid services to 
be rendered by them.
The Board of Directors recommends the Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of the accompanying Notice for approval 
of the Members of the Company as an Ordinary Resolution.
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel of the Company or their relatives are in any way, financially or 
otherwise concerned or interested in the said Resolution except to the extent of their shareholding in the company, 
if any.
Item No. 5
Approval of Remuneration to be paid to Shri. Hiren M. Shah (DIN-00071077), Executive Chairman of the Company:
The Board of Directors at their meeting held on 28th May, 2026 on the recommendations of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Audit committee approved the remuneration of Shri. Hiren M. Shah, the Executive 
Chairman of the Company, subject to approval of members of the Company in ensuing Annual General meeting, 
with effect from 1st April, 2027 up to 31st March, 2029 on such terms and conditions as are mentioned here in under.
Pursuant to the provisions contained in Section 196 and 197 read with Section 203 and Schedule V of the Companies 
Act, 2013, it is required to obtain the approval of members by way of special resolution in case Company is having 
inadequate profits. Further, the members are informed that Shri. Hiren M. Shah was appointed as Executive Chairman 
on 27th September 2023 with effect from 1st April 2024 for a period of five years. Thus, his tenure will end in the 
year 2029. Thus, the approved remuneration will only be payable for his remaining tenure.
A Statement showing the additional information required to be given along with a Notice calling General Meeting 
as required under Section II of Part II of the Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 is annexed.
Details of terms of appointment and remuneration payable to Shri Hiren M. Shah are given below:
a) Tenure of Remuneration: From 1st April, 2027 Up to 31st March, 2029
b) Basic Salary inclusive of perquisites: Rs 18,00,000/-per month from 1st April, 2027 to 31st March, 2028 and 
Rs.21,60,000/- per month from 1st April, 2028 to 31st March, 2029
c) Benefits, Perquisites and Allowances:
 Details of benefits perquisites and allowances are as follows:
 i. HOUSING: The Company shall provide free furnished Accommodation. The value of benefit (if provided) 
will be determined as per the Income Tax Rules.
 ii.  REIMBURSEMENT OF MEDICAL EXPENSES: Reimbursement of medical expenses (including insurance 
premium for medical and hospitalisation policy, if any) incurred for self and family, as per the Rules of the 
Company. For the above purpose, “Family” includes spouse, dependent children and parents.

===== PAGE 21 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
20
 iii.  LEAVE TRAVEL CONCESSION:  Leave Travel Concession for self and family, once a year, incurred in 
accordance with the Rules of the Company. For the above purpose, “Family” includes spouse, dependent 
children and parents.
 iv. PERSONAL ACCIDENT INSURANCE: Personal accident insurance cover for self.
 v.  CONTRIBUTION TO PROVIDENT FUND AND SUPERANNUATION FUND: Contribution to Provident Fund 
and Superannuation Fund, as per the Rules of the Company, to the extent these, either singly or put 
together, are not taxable under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
 vi. LEAVE AND ENCASHMENT OF LEAVE: As per the Rules of the Company.
 vii. GRATUITY AND / OR CONTRIBUTION TO GRATUITY FUND: As per the Rules of the Company.
 viii. USE OF CAR AND TELEPHONE:  Company maintained car with driver for use on Company’s business, 
telephone at residence and cellular phone provided by the Company will not be considered as perquisite. 
The Telephone expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. Valuation of perquisites for use of Car for 
personal use shall be as per the provisions of the Income tax Act.
 ix.  REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES:  Reimbursement of entertainment, travelling and all other expenses 
incurred for the business of the Company, as per the Rules of the Company.
d) Minimum Remuneration: The aggregate of the remuneration and perquisites as aforesaid, in any financial 
year, shall not exceed the limit set out under Sections 197 and 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force, or otherwise as may be permissible at law. Provided that where in any financial year, the 
Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company shall pay the above salary and allowances 
and provide the perquisites and other amenities as aforesaid to the Executive Director as and by way of 
minimum remuneration, subject to the applicable provisions of Schedule V of the Act and the approval of the 
Central Government, if required, or any other approvals as may be required under law.
The Board of Directors recommends the passing of special resolution in relation to the payment of remuneration of 
Executive Chairman, for the approval of the members of the Company.
Shri Hiren M. Shah is concerned or interested in his remuneration payable to him. Further, none of the other Directors/ 
key managerial personnel of the Company/their relatives are, in anyway, concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise except Shri. Bharat M. Shah (Brother), Shri. Viraj M. Shah (Brother), and Shri. Purav H. Shah (Son) in the 
said Resolution.
However, in the event of inadequacy of profits, during the tenure of Shri Hiren M. Shah, the referred remuneration 
shall be allowed in compliance with the provisions of Schedule V and the same shall in no event exceed the limits 
approved by way of resolution proposed and in the event of continuation of inadequacy of profits for a continuous 
period of 3 years, the same shall be subject to review by shareholders.
Item No. 6
Approval of Remuneration to be paid to Shri. Bharat M. Shah (DIN-00071248), Managing Director of the Company:
The Board of Directors at their meeting held on 28th May, 2026 on the recommendations of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Audit committee approved the remuneration of Shri. Bharat M. Shah, the Managing 
Director of the Company, subject to approval of members of the Company in ensuing Annual General meeting, with 
effect from 1st April, 2027 up to 31st March, 2029 on such terms and conditions as are mentioned here in under.
Pursuant to the provisions contained in Section 196 and 197 read with Section 203 and Schedule V of the Companies 
Act, 2013, it is required to obtain the approval of members by way of special resolution in case Company is having 
inadequate profits. Further, the members are informed that Shri. Bharat M. Shah was appointed as Managing 
Director on 27th September 2023 with effect from 1st April 2024 for a period of five years. Thus, his tenure will end 
in the year 2029. Thus, the approved remuneration will only be payable for his remaining tenure.

===== PAGE 22 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
21
A Statement showing the additional information required to be given along with a Notice calling General Meeting 
as required under Section II of Part II of the Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 is annexed.
Details of terms of appointment and remuneration payable to Shri Bharat M. Shah are given below:
a) Tenure of Remuneration: From 1st April, 2027 Up to 31st March, 2029
b) Basic Salary inclusive of perquisites: Rs 18,00,000/-per month from 1st April, 2027 to 31st March, 2028 and 
Rs.21,60,000/- per month from 1st April, 2028 to 31st March, 2029
c) Benefits, Perquisites and Allowances:
 Details of benefits perquisites and allowances are as follows:
 i. HOUSING: The Company shall provide free furnished Accommodation. The value of benefit (if provided) 
will be determined as per the Income Tax Rules.
 ii.  REIMBURSEMENT OF MEDICAL EXPENSES:  Reimbursement of medical expenses (including insurance 
premium for medical and hospitalisation policy, if any) incurred for self and family, as per the Rules of the 
Company. For the above purpose, “Family” includes spouse, dependent children and parents.
 iii. LEAVE TRAVEL CONCESSION:  Leave Travel Concession for self and family, once a year, incurred in 
accordance with the Rules of the Company. For the above purpose, “Family” includes spouse, dependent 
children and parents.
 iv. PERSONAL ACCIDENT INSURANCE: Personal accident insurance cover for self.
 v.  CONTRIBUTION TO PROVIDENT FUND AND SUPERANNUATION FUND: Contribution to Provident Fund 
and Superannuation Fund, as per the Rules of the Company, to the extent these, either singly or put 
together, are not taxable under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
 vi. LEAVE AND ENCASHMENT OF LEAVE: As per the Rules of the Company.
 vii.  GRATUITY AND / OR CONTRIBUTION TO GRATUITY FUND: As per the Rules of the Company.
 viii.  USE OF CAR AND TELEPHONE: Company maintained car with driver for use on Company’s business, 
telephone at residence and cellular phone provided by the Company will not be considered as perquisite. 
The Telephone expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. Valuation of perquisites for use of Car for 
personal use shall be as per the provisions of the Income tax Act.
 ix.  REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES:  Reimbursement of entertainment, travelling and all other expenses 
incurred for the business of the Company, as per the Rules of the Company.
d) Minimum Remuneration: The aggregate of the remuneration and perquisites as aforesaid, in any financial 
year, shall not exceed the limit set out under Sections 197 and 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force, or otherwise as may be permissible at law. Provided that where in any financial year, the 
Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company shall pay the above salary and allowances 
and provide the perquisites and other amenities as aforesaid to the Executive Director as and by way of 
minimum remuneration, subject to the applicable provisions of Schedule V of the Act and the approval of the 
Central Government, if required, or any other approvals as may be required under law.
The Board of Directors recommends the passing of special resolution in relation to the payment of remuneration of 
Executive Chairman, for the approval of the members of the Company.
Shri Bharat M. Shah is concerned or interested in his remuneration payable to him. Further, none of the other 
Directors/ key managerial personnel of the Company/their relatives are, in anyway, concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise except Shri. Hiren M. Shah (Brother) and Shri. Viraj M. Shah (Brother) in the said Resolution.

===== PAGE 23 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
22
However, in the event of inadequacy of profits, during the tenure of Shri Bharat M. Shah, the referred remuneration 
shall be allowed in compliance with the provisions of Schedule V and the same shall in no event exceed the limits 
approved by way of resolution proposed and in the event of continuation of inadequacy of profits for a continuous 
period of 3 years, the same shall be subject to review by shareholders.
Item No. 7
Approval of Remuneration to be paid to Shri. Viraj M. Shah (DIN-00071616), Managing Director of the Company.
The Board of Directors at their meeting held on 28th May, 2026 on the recommendations of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and Audit committee approved the remuneration of Shri. Viraj M. Shah, the Managing 
Director of the Company, subject to approval of members of the Company in ensuing Annual General meeting, with 
effect from 1st April, 2027 up to 31st March, 2029 on such terms and conditions as are mentioned here in under.
Pursuant to the provisions contained in Section 196 and 197 read with Section 203 and Schedule V of the Companies 
Act, 2013, it is required to obtain the approval of members by way of special resolution in case Company is having 
inadequate profits. Further, the members are informed that Shri. Viraj M. Shah was appointed as Executive Chairman 
on 27th September 2023 with effect from 1st April 2024 for a period of five years. Thus, his tenure will end in the 
year 2029. Thus, the approved remuneration will only be payable for his remaining tenure.
A Statement showing the additional information required to be given along with a Notice calling General Meeting 
as required under Section II of Part II of the Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 is annexed.
Details of terms of appointment and remuneration payable to Shri Viraj M. Shah are given below:
a) Tenure of Remuneration: From 1st April, 2027 Up to 31st March, 2029
b) Basic Salary inclusive of perquisites: Rs 18,00,000/-per month from 1st April, 2027 to 31st March, 2028 and 
Rs.21,60,000/- per month from 1st April, 2028 to 31st March, 2029.
c) Benefits, Perquisites and Allowances:
 Details of benefits perquisites and allowances are as follows:
 i. HOUSING: The Company shall provide free furnished Accommodation. The value of benefit (if provided) 
will be determined as per the Income Tax Rules.
 ii.  REIMBURSEMENT OF MEDICAL EXPENSES:  Reimbursement of medical expenses (including insurance 
premium for medical and hospitalisation policy, if any incurred for self and family, as per the Rules of the 
Company. For the above purpose, “Family” includes spouse, dependent children and parents.
 iii.  LEAVE TRAVEL CONCESSION: Leave Travel Concession for self and family, once a year, incurred in 
accordance with the Rules of the Company. For the above purpose, “Family” includes spouse, dependent 
children and parents.
 iv.  PERSONAL ACCIDENT INSURANCE: Personal accident insurance cover for self.
 v.  CONTRIBUTION TO PROVIDENT FUND AND SUPERANNUATION FUND: Contribution to Provident Fund 
and Superannuation Fund, as per the Rules of the Company, to the extent these, either singly or put 
together, are not taxable under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
 vi.  LEAVE AND ENCASHMENT OF LEAVE: As per the Rules of the Company.
 vii.  GRATUITY AND / OR CONTRIBUTION TO GRATUITY FUND: As per the Rules of the Company.
 viii. USE OF CAR AND TELEPHONE: Company maintained car with driver for use on Company’s business, 
telephone at residence and cellular phone provided by the Company will not be considered as perquisite. 
The Telephone expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. Valuation of perquisites for use of Car for 
personal use shall be as per the provisions of the Income tax Act.
 ix.  REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES:  Reimbursement of entertainment, travelling and all other expenses 
incurred for the business of the Company, as per the Rules of the Company.

===== PAGE 24 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
23
d) Minimum Remuneration: The aggregate of the remuneration and perquisites as aforesaid, in any financial 
year, shall not exceed the limit set out under Sections 197 and 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force, or otherwise as may be permissible at law. Provided that where in any financial year, the 
Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company shall pay the above salary and allowances 
and provide the perquisites and other amenities as aforesaid to the Executive Director as and by way of 
minimum remuneration, subject to the applicable provisions of Schedule V of the Act and the approval of the 
Central Government, if required, or any other approvals as may be required under law.
The Board of Directors recommends the passing of special resolution in relation to the fixing of remuneration of 
Executive Chairman, for the approval of the members of the Company.
Shri. Viraj M. Shah is concerned or interested in his remuneration payable to him. Further, none of the other Directors/ 
key managerial personnel of the Company/their relatives are, in anyway, concerned or interested, financially or 
otherwise except Shri. Hiren M. Shah (Brother) and Shri. Bharat M. Shah (Brother) in the said Resolution.
However, in the event of inadequacy of profits, during the tenure of Shri Viraj M. Shah, the referred remuneration 
shall be allowed in compliance with the provisions of Schedule V and the same shall in no event exceed the limits 
approved by way of resolution proposed and in the event of continuation of inadequacy of profits for a continuous 
period of 3 years, the same shall be subject to review by shareholders.
Item No. 8
Approval of Increment in Remuneration of Shri. Purav Hiren Shah (Din: 00123460), as the CEO, Whole Time 
Director and CFO of the Company.
The Board of Directors at their meeting held on August 12, 2026 on the recommendations of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee approved the increment in remuneration of Shri. Purav Hiren Shah, the CEO, Whole Time 
Director and CFO of the Company, subject to approval of members of the Company in ensuing Annual General 
meeting, with effect from August 01st, 2026 on such terms and conditions as are mentioned here in under.
Pursuant to the provisions contained in Section 196 and 197 read with Section 203 and Schedule V of the Companies 
Act, 2013, it is required to obtain the approval of members by way of special resolution in case Company is having 
inadequate profits. Further, the members are informed that Shri. Purav Hiren Shah was appointed as CEO, Whole 
Time Director and CFO on 23rd, September 2022 with effect from 13th December, 2022 for a period of five years. 
Thus, his tenure will end in the year 2027. Thus, the approved remuneration will only be payable for his remaining 
tenure.
A Statement showing the additional information required to be given along with a Notice calling General Meeting 
as required under Section II of Part II of the Schedule V to the Companies Act, 2013 is annexed.
Details of terms of appointment and remuneration payable to Shri Bharat M. Shah are given below:
a) Tenure of Remuneration: From August 01st, 2026
b) Basic Salary inclusive of perquisites: 13,33,300/-per month from August 01st, 2026
c) Benefits, Perquisites and Allowances:
 Details of benefits perquisites and allowances are as follows:
 i.  HOUSING:  The Company shall provide free furnished accommodation. The value of benefit (if provided) 
will be determined as per the Income Tax Rules.
 ii. REIMBURSEMENT OF MEDICAL EXPENSES:  Reimbursement of medical expenses (including insurance 
premium for medical and hospitalisation policy, if any) incurred for self and family, as per the Rules of the 
Company. For the above purpose, “Family” includes spouse, dependent children and parents.
 iii. LEAVE TRAVEL CONCESSION:  Leave Travel Concession for self and family, once a year, incurred in 
accordance with the Rules of the Company. For the above purpose, “Family” includes spouse, dependent 
children and parents.

===== PAGE 25 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
24
  iv. PERSONAL ACCIDENT INSURANCE: Personal accident insurance cover for self.
 v.  CONTRIBUTION TO PROVIDENT FUND AND SUPERANNUATION FUND: Contribution to Provident Fund 
and Superannuation Fund, as per the Rules of the Company, to the extent these, either singly or put 
together, are not taxable under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
 vi. LEAVE AND ENCASHMENT OF LEAVE: As per the Rules of the Company.
 vii. GRATUITY AND / OR CONTRIBUTION TO GRATUITY FUND: As per the Rules of the Company.
 viii. USE OF CAR AND TELEPHONE:  Company maintained car with driver for use on Company’s business, 
telephone at residence and cellular phone provided by the Company will not be considered as perquisite. 
The Telephone expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. Valuation of perquisites for use of Car for 
personal use shall be as per the provisions of the Income tax Act.
 ix. REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES:  Reimbursement of entertainment, travelling and all other expenses 
incurred for the business of the Company, as per the Rules of the Company.
d) Minimum Remuneration: The aggregate of the remuneration and perquisites as aforesaid, in any financial year, 
shall not exceed the limit set out under Sections 197 and 198 read with Schedule V and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any statutory modification(s) or re-enactment(s) thereof for the 
time being in force, or otherwise as may be permissible at law. Provided that where in any financial year, the 
Company has no profits or its profits are inadequate, the Company shall pay the above salary and allowances 
and provide the perquisites and other amenities as aforesaid to the Executive Director as and by way of 
minimum remuneration, subject to the applicable provisions of Schedule V of the Act and the approval of the 
Central Government, if required, or any other approvals as may be required under law.
The Board of Directors recommends the passing of special resolution in relation to the increment of remuneration 
of Shri Purav Hiren Shah, for the approval of the members of the Company.
None of the Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of the Company and their relatives is concerned or interested, 
financially or otherwise in the Resolution at Item No. 8 of the Notice in the said resolution except for Shri Purav 
Hiren Shah along with his relatives, Shri Hiren M. Shah (Father), Shri Bharat M. Shah (Uncle), Shri Viraj M. Shah 
(Uncle).
However, in the event of inadequacy of profits, during the tenure of Shri Purav Hiren Shah, the referred remuneration 
shall be allowed in compliance with the provisions of Schedule V and the same shall in no event exceed the limits 
approved by way of resolution proposed and in the event of continuation of inadequacy of profits for a continuous 
period of 3 years, the same shall be subject to review by shareholders.
For THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
ANURADHA TENDULKAR
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ACS No: A55173
Date: 12th August, 2026
Place: Mumbai

===== PAGE 26 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
25
INFORMATION AS REQUIRED UNDER REGULATION 36 (3) OF SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 AND SECRETARIAL STANDARDS ON GENERAL MEETINGS ISSUED BY 
THE INSTITUTE OF COMPANY SECRETARIES OF INDIA
Name of the Director Shri Deepak Shah
DIN 06954206
Date of first appointment on the Board 14/11/2014
Age 62
Nationality Indian
Qualification Practicing Chartered Accountant
Expertise/Experience in specific functional 
area
He is currently a member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India and has a wide experience of more than 30 years in the 
field of Direct and Indirect Taxation. With this objective in mind, 
the Committee and Board have decided to appoint Deepak Shah 
as a Non-Executive Non-Independent Director to provide expert 
guidance and support the management in these areas, his skills, 
experience and expertise in the areas of Direct and Indirect 
Taxation is desirable and could be to the benefit of the Company.
Terms and conditions of Appointment Appointed as Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director of 
the Company for a period of 3 (Three) consecutive years 
commencing from 20th September, 2024 up to 19th September, 
2027 (both days inclusive) and his office shall be liable to retire 
by rotation.
Skills and capabilities required for the role 
and the manner in which the proposed person 
meets such requirements and the justification 
for choosing the appointee for appointment 
as an Independent Director
Extensive experience of over 30 years in the field of Direct and 
Indirect Taxation, with strong expertise in providing taxation 
advisory, regulatory compliance, and strategic guidance to 
management.
Number of Board meetings attended during 
2025-26
7
Last Remuneration Drawn Not Applicable
Remuneration sought to be paid Entitled to sitting fee as fixed by the Board for attending 
meeting(s) of Board / Committee(s).
Relationship between Directors inter-se and 
the KMPs
There is no relationship between Directors inter-se and the KMPs.
Shareholding in the listed entity, including 
shareholding as a beneficial Owner.
NIL
Directorships in other companies (including 
those listed entities/companies from which 
the person has resigned in the past 3 years)
Name of Companies Category
Marathon Next Gen Realty Limited
Public Limited companySiyaram Silk Mills Limited
Bliss Gvs Pharma Limited
Memberships of Committees in companies 
(including those listed entities from which the 
person has resigned in the past 3 years)
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited- Audit Committee, 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, Risk management Committee 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited- Audit Committee, Corporate social 
Responsibility Committee
For THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
ANURADHA TENDULKAR
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ACS No: A55173
Date: 12th August, 2026
Place: Mumbai

===== PAGE 27 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
26
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION II OF PART II OF SCHEDULE V OF THE COMPANIES 
ACT, 2013
Information as required under Part I of Schedule V of the Companies Act, 2013 and forming part of the explanatory 
statement to the Notice convening the Annual General Meeting. (Item No.5 to Item No.8)
I. GENERAL INFORMATION
1. Nature of Industry:
 The Ruby Mills Ltd. is a composite Textile Mill engaged in manufacture of Cotton/Blended Yarn and Fabric. It 
has two plants located at Village Dhamni & Village Kharsundi, at Khopoli, Taluka Khalapur, Dist. Raigad. The 
Company’s entire Spinning & Weaving plants are at Village Dhamni and fabric processing activity at Village 
Kharsundi, Khopoli. 
2. Date of commencement of commercial production:
 The Company was incorporated on 9th January, 1917 and date of commencement of the business is  
12th September, 1921.
3. In case of new companies, expected date of commencement of activities as per project approved by financial 
institutions appearing in the prospectus: NA
4. Financial performance based on given indicators:
SR. 
No
Particulars For the year ended  
(Rs. In Lakhs)
31st March, 2026 
Standalone
31st March, 2026 
Consolidated
31st 
March, 
2025
1. Total Revenue 37,615 37,615 26,977
2. Finance Costs (1,542) (1,543) (475)
3. Depreciation and Amortization Expense (2,448) (2,448) (1,132)
4. Profit before Tax                    5,304 5,301 5,377
5. Provision for Tax including Current Tax adjustments of Earlier Years. (528) (528) (652)
6. Provision for Deferred Tax (418) (418) (493)
7. Profit after Tax, Prior period and Exceptional Items                                  
[(4)+(5+6)]
4,358 4,356 4,231
8. Other comprehensive income (4) (4) (8)
9. Total comprehensive income for the period (7+8) 4,353 4,352 4,223
5. Export Performance and net foreign exchange earnings
 The Foreign Exchange earned in terms of actual inflows during the year and the foreign actual outgo during 
the year in terms of actual outflows:
Particulars Current Year 
2025-2026 
(in Lakhs)
Previous Year 
2024-2025 
(in Lakhs)
Value of Direct Imports calculated on CIF Basis:
(i) Stores, Spares 81.09 73.47
(ii) Raw Materials 1319.48 111.74
(iii) Capital Goods 492.22 17.42
Earnings in Foreign Exchange on account of export of goods:
Direct Export on FOB Basis 275.17 117.89
Expenditure in Foreign Currency:
Travelling 86.85 90.89

===== PAGE 28 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
27
 Other Foreign investments or collaborations, if any: NIL
II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE APPOINTEES:
Shri. Hiren M. Shah Shri. Bharat M. Shah Shri. Viraj M. Shah Shri. Purav Hiren Shah
1. Background details
 Age 72 years 66 years 65 years 45 years
 Designation Executive Chairman Managing Director Managing Director CEO, Whole Time 
Director and CFO
 Qualification Licenciate in Textile 
Mfg.
B. com B. com MBA from Bentley 
College, USA
2. Past Remuneration Rs.15,00, 000/- Rs.15,00, 000/- Rs.15,00, 000/- Rs. 10,50,000/- 
3. Recognition or 
Awards
He is a qualified 
Textile Technologist 
from India’s premier 
Institution VJTI 
and presently, the 
Executive Chairman 
of the Company. 
He has rich and 
varied experience in 
management of the 
Textile Mill for the last 
49 years. He was the 
Chairman of the Mill 
Owners Association 
for a period of 3 
years until year 2001.
Under his tenure 
as Chairman of Mill 
Owners Association, 
he had taken an 
initiative to convince 
the Government 
on restructuring of 
fiscal levies. He has 
been appointed as a 
Member of The Textile 
Institute International, 
U.K. He was the 
Chairman of Bombay 
Textile Research 
Association (BTRA). 
He is the Chairman 
of Confederation of 
Indian Textile Industry 
(CITI).
He has been 
associated with the 
Company for the 
last 45 years having 
experience in Finance, 
Administration, 
Materials Management 
and Taxation. He has 
been instrumental for 
Treasury operations 
carried out reducing 
the interest burden on 
the Company since 
2005-2006. He is a 
permanent invitee 
on the Mills Owners 
Association, Mumbai. 
He was appointed by 
Bharat Petroleum Ltd. 
on the Local Advisory 
Board
He has been 
associated with Senior 
Management for the 
last 44 years. He has 
been instrumental 
in revamping the 
company’s Marketing 
Policy from the 
traditional system of 
distribution to the 
system of Del Credre 
marketing which has 
enabled the Company 
penetrate in local 
markets, territory wise 
and further assuring 
the Company of faster 
collections against 
sales. This system 
has safe guarded the 
Company’s position 
against Bad debts as 
the territorial agents 
i.e. Del Credre are 
responsible for the 
sales effected in 
their territories to 
various parties. He 
has been instrumental 
in developing unique 
trend setting, finishing 
of fabrics resulting in 
improved realization 
product development 
as well as unique 
finishing of fabrics
Mr. Purav H. Shah 
is the Executive 
Director of The Ruby 
Mills Limited, with 
extensive experience 
spanning textiles, 
finance, information 
technology, real 
estate and corporate 
management. He holds 
an MBA from Bentley 
College, USA and 
has been associated 
with The Ruby Mills 
Limited for 22 years. 
He has contributed 
to streamlining 
and upgrading the 
Company's information 
technology functions 
and has played a 
significant role in its 
finance, IT and real-
estate development.

===== PAGE 29 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
28
4. Job profile and 
Suitability
As an Executive 
Chairman of the 
Company and being 
associated for the 
last 51 years, he has 
been responsible for 
the collaboration with 
Gygli Textile AG for 
the Micro Dot Fusible 
Interlining. He has 
travelled extensively 
and is personally 
responsible for the 
selection of world 
class machineries to 
suit the production of 
the Company and has 
been responsible for 
the wage settlements 
with the union and has 
been able to automize 
and substantially 
reduced the labour in 
the last 10 years. He 
is in control of day to 
day production and 
quality output with the 
highest efficiency for 
Dhamni and Kharsundi 
Units and has initiated 
the shifting of entire 
Spinning & Weaving 
operations from 
Mumbai to Dhamni 
and Process House to 
Village Kharsundi.
As the Managing 
Director of the 
Company, he is in 
overall charge of day 
to-day control of legal, 
secretarial, taxation, 
accounts, finance 
including interaction 
with Banks and 
Institutions. The vendor 
selection and right 
sourcing of materials 
at competitive rates is 
also managed by him. 
He is overall in charge 
of administration 
and the interaction 
with various local 
authorities at all 
levels and the 
Company's Real Estate 
Development.
He has been 
instrumental in the 
change of marketing 
system to Del Credre 
system of marketing 
and with his vision; the 
Company has been 
able to penetrate in 
the rural market. The 
marketing workshop 
organized in rural 
areas has given further 
recognition
Shri. Purav Shah, Chief 
Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer 
of the Company is 
associated with the 
Company since 2000. 
He has continuously 
contributed to 
streamline and update 
information technology 
department of the 
Company. He has 
excelled his inputs in 
Finance, Information 
Technology and Real 
Estate
5. Remuneration 
proposed (per 
month)
Rs.18,00,000/- for 
FY 2027-2028 and 
Rs.21,60,000/- for FY 
2028-2029
Rs.18,00,000/- for 
FY 2027-2028 and 
Rs.21,60,000/- for FY 
2028-2029
Rs.18,00,000/- for 
FY 2027-2028 and 
Rs.21,60,000/- for FY 
2028-2029
Rs.13,33,300/- w.e.f 
August 01st, 2026 to 
December 12, 2027
6. Comparative 
remuneration profile 
with respect to 
industry, size of the 
company, profile 
of the position and 
person (in case 
of expatriates the 
relevant details 
would be with 
respect to the 
country of his origin)
Textile Industry is an age old industry. It is a labour oriented and not a cash rich industry. The 
remuneration in the industry particularly at the managerial level has always remained very low. The 
proposed remuneration is lower than the prevailing remuneration package being offered in the 
corporate world in the country
7. Pecuniary 
relationship directly 
or indirectly with 
the company, or 
relationship with 
the managerial 
personnel, or other 
Director, if any
Brother of Shri Bharat 
Shah, Shri. Viraj Shah 
Father of Shri. Purav 
Shah
Brother of Shri. Hiren 
Shah, Shri. Viraj Shah 
Uncle of Shri. Purav H. 
Shah
Brother of Shri. Hiren 
Shah, Shri. Bharat Shah 
Uncle of Shri. Purav H. 
Shah
Son of Shri Hiren Shah, 
Executive Chairman 2. 
Relative of Managing 
Directors: Shri Bharat 
Shah, Viraj Shah

===== PAGE 30 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
29
III. OTHER INFORMATION:
1. Reasons of loss or inadequate profits
 The profitability will largely depend on business environment in the domestic and global markets, cost of 
inputs and general state of economy as a whole .Therefore, the limits specified under Section 197(1) read with 
Schedule V of the Act and Listing Regulations, may exceed during the term of appointment.
2. Steps taken or proposed to be taken for improvement
 The Company has taken up modernization from time to time. It has implemented the modernization approved 
under Textile Upgradation Fund Scheme (TUFS). The company has installed a new generation Process House 
and testing equipments for improved quality of fabrics as per international standards and thereby expands the 
market base. The Solar initiative of Roof Top and with the Solar Park installation in progress is a step to reduce 
power cost.
3. Expected increase in productivity and profits in measurable terms
 The Company is very conscious about improvement in productivity and undertakes constant measures to 
improve it. The productivity is expected to increase during the current years.
IV. DISCLOSURES:
1. All elements of remuneration package such as salary, benefits, bonuses, stock options, pension, etc., of all the 
directors;
2. Details of fixed component. and performance linked incentives along with the performance criteria;
3. Service contracts, notice period, severance fees; and
4. Stock option details, if any, and whether the same has been issued at a discount as well as the    period over 
which accrued and over which exercisable.
 All the above disclosures are mentioned in the Board of Director’s report under the heading “Corporate 
Governance” attached to the financial statement.
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
ANURADHA TENDULKAR
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
ACS No: A55173
Date: August 12, 2026
Place: Mumbai

===== PAGE 31 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
30
DIRECTOR’S REPORT 
Dear Members,
Your directors are pleased to present the 110th Annual Report of your company together with the Audited Balance 
Sheet and Profit & Loss Account for the year ended 31st March, 2026.
1. FINANCIAL RESULTS
 The financial performance of the Company for the year ended 31st March, 2026 is summarized below:
SR. 
No
Particulars For the year ended  
( `In Lakhs)
31st March, 
2026 
Standalone
31st March, 
2026 
Consolidated
31st 
March, 
2025
1. Total Revenue 37,615 37,615 26,977
2. Finance Costs (1,542) (1,543) (475)
3. Depreciation and Amortization Expense (2,448) (2,448) (1,132)
4. Profit before Tax                    5,304 5,301 5,377
5. Provision for Tax including Current Tax adjustments of Earlier Years. (528) (528) (652)
6. Provision for Deferred Tax (428) (428) (493)
7. Profit after Tax, Prior period and Exceptional Items                                  
[(4)+(5+6)]
4,358 4,356 4,231
8. Other comprehensive income (4) (4) (8)
9. Total comprehensive income for the period 
(7+8)
4,353 4,352 4,223
2. STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIR AND NATURE OF BUSINESS
 (i) Textiles and Real Estate Division
  The revenue from the textile’s activity was Rs. 29,227 Lakhs (Rupees Twenty-Nine Thousand Two Hundred 
and Twenty-Seven Lakhs) as compared to Rs. 21,138 Lakhs (Rupees Twenty-One Thousand One Hundred 
and Thirty-Eight Lakhs) in the previous year. The operating profit for the year was Rs.2,728 Lakhs (Rupees 
Two Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty-Eight Lakhs) against Rs. 2,732 Lakhs (Rupees Two Thousand 
Seven Hundred and Thirty two Lakhs) in the previous year.
  The revenue from real estate and related activity was Rs 6,633 Lakhs (Rupees Six Thousand Six Hundred 
and Thirty-Three Lakhs) as compared to Rs. 3,396 Lakhs (Rupees Three Thousand Three Hundred and 
Ninety-Six Lakhs) in the previous year. The operating profit for the year was Rs 3,462 Lakhs (Rupees Three 
Thousand Four Hundred and Sixty Two Lakhs) as against was Rs 2,723 Lakhs (Rupees Two Thousand 
Seven Hundred and Twenty-Three Lakhs) in the previous year.
 (ii) Land Development at Dadar
  The Company has obtained renewed Occupation Certificate (OC) including for upper floors as well as 
the restaurants and food outlets of ‘The Ruby’ tower at Dadar, Mumbai. The building which was earlier 
approved under the Development Control Regulations 1991 (DCR 1991) is now converted under the current 
regulations i.e. Development Control and Promotion Regulations 2034 (DCPR 2034). The Development 
Deed has been cancelled in 2025 and the Developer’s account stands settled and all leased and all office 
inventory shall belong to the Company. This shall enable the company to unlock the real estate value of 
the tower.
3. DIVIDEND
 The Board of Directors at their meeting held on 28th May, 2026 have approved and recommended payment of 

===== PAGE 32 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
31
final dividend of 50 % i.e., Rs. 2.5/- per equity share on 3,34,40,000 fully paid up equity shares of Rs. 5/- each 
aggregating to 836.00 Lakh subject to TDS for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 (‘final dividend’), 
subject to approval of the members at the ensuing AGM.
4. TRANSFER TO RESERVES
 No amount has been transferred to General Reserve during the FY 2025-26
5. REPORT ON PERFORMANCE OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURE COMPANIES
 During the year, the company has incorporated following wholly-owned Subsidiary companies: -
 i. Ruby Greentech K Private Limited Company on 18th March, 2026
 ii. Ruby Greentech T Private Limited Company on 18th March, 2026
 Operations for both the subsidiaries are yet to commence.
 A Statement in Form AOC-1 containing the salient features of the financial statements of the aforementioned 
subsidiaries forms part of the Annual Report.
6. DEPOSITS
 The Company has not accepted deposits from the public within the meaning of Section 73 of The Companies 
Act, 2013 and rules framed there under.
7. DIRECTORS AND KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL
 (i) Directors
   Appointment / Reappointment
   • Mr. Rahul Gautam Divan was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a second 
term of five consecutive years commencing from 30th September, 2025 up to 29th September, 2030.
   • Mrs. Jasvanti Amar Patel was re-appointed as an Independent Director of the Company for a second 
term of five consecutive years commencing from March 4, 2025 upto March 3, 2030.
   • Mr. Paras K. Savla was appointed as Non-Executive Independent Director w.e.f 27th December, 2025.
   Resignation/ Cessation:
   • Mr. Yogen S. Lathia, Term ceased as Non-executive Independent director w.e.f 28th December 2025.
 (ii) Key Managerial Personnel
   Appointment/Reappointment
   There was no resignation/cessation during the year under review.
   Resignation/Cessation
   There was no resignation/cessation during the year under review.
 (iii)  Declaration by Independent Directors
  The Company has received the necessary declarations from each of Independent Directors of the Company 
pursuant to Section 149(7) and provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. Each of them meets the criteria of independence laid 
down in section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulations of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and there has been no change 
in the circumstances which may affect their status as independent director during the year.
 (iv)  Annual Evaluation of Board
  Pursuant to the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and relevant Regulations of Securities and Exchange 

===== PAGE 33 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
32
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, the Board has 
carried out the annual performance evaluation of its own performance and other Directors. A structured 
questionnaire was prepared after taking into consideration inputs received from the Directors, covering 
various aspects of the Board’s functioning such as adequacy of the composition of the Board and its 
Committees, Board culture, execution and performance of specific duties, obligations and governance. 
A separate exercise was carried out to evaluate the performance of individual Directors including the 
Chairman of the Board, who were evaluated on parameters such as level of engagement and contribution, 
independence of judgment.
  In a separate meeting of independent directors held on 27th February, 2026, performance of non-
independent directors, performance of the board as a whole and performance of the Chairman was 
reviewed and evaluated, taking into account the views of executive directors and non-executive directors. 
The same was discussed in the board meeting that followed the meeting of the independent directors.
 (v) Number of Board Meetings
  During the year 2025-26, the Board met 7(Seven) times on the following dates: 26th May, 2025, 14th 
August, 2025, 9th September, 2025, 13th November, 2025 ,27th December, 2025 ,19th January, 2026 and 
13th February, 2026.
  For details of the meetings of the board, please refer to the Corporate     Governance Report, which forms 
part of this report.
8. STATEMENT REGARDING THE OPINION OF THE BOARD WITH REGARD TO INTEGRITY, EXPERTISE AND 
EXPERIENCE (INCLUDING THE PROFICIENCY) OF THE INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS APPOINTED DURING 
THE YEAR
 The Board is of the opinion that the Independent Directors appointed on the Board of the Company, are persons 
of high integrity, reputation and possess the requisite expertise and experience (including the proficiency).
9. DIRECTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
 The Board of Directors acknowledge the responsibility for ensuring compliance with the provisions of section 
134(3)(c) read with section 134(5) of the Companies Act, 2013 in the preparation of the annual accounts for 
the year ended on 31st March 2026 and state that: -
 i. In the preparation of the annual accounts, the applicable accounting standards had been followed along 
with proper explanation relating to material departures, if any.
 ii. The Directors had selected such accounting policies and applied them consistently and made judgments 
and estimates that are reasonable and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of 
the Company as at 31st March, 2026 and of the profit of the Company for the year on that date;
 iii. The Directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the maintenance of adequate accounting records in 
accordance with the provisions of this Act for safeguarding the assets of the company and for preventing 
and detecting fraud and other irregularities;
 iv. The Directors had prepared the annual accounts on a going concern basis; and
 v. The Directors had laid down proper systems of internal financial controls to be followed by the Company 
and that such internal financial controls are adequate and were operating effectively.
 vi. The Directors had devised proper systems to ensure compliance with the provisions of all applicable laws 
and that such systems were adequate and operating effectively.
10. NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY
 The Board has in accordance with the provisions of sub-section (3) of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
formulated the policy setting out the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes, independence 
of a Director and policy relating to remuneration of Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and other employees. 
 The potential candidates for appointment to the Board including Independent Directors appointed during 
the year are, inter alia, evaluated on the basis of highest level of personal and professional ethics, standing, 
integrity, values and character; appreciation of the Company’s vision, mission, values and, prominence in 

===== PAGE 34 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
33
business, institutions or professions and, professional skill, knowledge and expertise and, financial literacy and 
such other competencies and skills as may be considered necessary. In addition to the above, the candidature 
of an Independent Director is also evaluated in terms of the criteria for determining independence as stipulated 
under the Act, the Listing Regulations and other applicable regulations and guidelines. 
 The policy of which has been uploaded on the Company’s website at the following link https:/ /www.rubymills.
com/uploads/investor-reports/1409223679_Nomination-and-Remuneration-Policy.pdf, for further details on 
the policy, please refer to the Corporate Governance report which forms part of the Annual report. Changes in 
the Nomination and Remuneration policy were made during the year under review as per the SEBI Amendments.
11. AUDIT COMMITTEE
 The details pertaining to composition of audit committee are included in the Corporate Governance Report 
which forms part of this report.
12. VIGIL MECHANISM POLICY FOR THE DIRECTORS AND EMPLOYEES
 The Company promotes ethical behaviour in all its business activities and has put in place a mechanism for 
reporting illegal and unethical behaviour.
 The Board of Directors of the Company has pursuant to the provisions of Section 177(9) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 7 of the Companies (Meetings of Board and its Powers) Rules, 2014, framed “Vigil 
Mechanism Policy” for Directors and employees of the Company to provide a mechanism which ensures 
adequate safeguards to employees and Directors from any victimization on raising of concerns of any violations 
of legal or regulatory requirements, incorrect or misrepresentation of any, financial statements and reports, 
etc. which has been uploaded on the Company’s website at the following link - https:/ /www.rubymills.com/
uploads/investor-reports/1255509256_Microsoft-Word-WBP-Final.pdf
 The employees of the Company have the right/option to report their concern/grievance to the Chairman of the 
Audit Committee. The Company is committed to adhere to the highest standards of ethical, moral and legal 
conduct of business operations.
 During the year under review no employee was denied access to the Chairman of the Audit Committee.
13. EVALUATION OF BOARD, ITS COMMITTEES AND INDIVIDUAL DIRECTORS
 An annual evaluation of the Board’s own performance, Board Committees and Individual Directors was carried 
out pursuant to the provisions of the Act in the following manner:
Sr. 
No.
Performance 
evaluation of
Performance evaluation 
performed by
Criteria
1. Each Individual Directors Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee
Attendance, contribution to the Board and 
Committee meetings like preparedness on 
the issues to be discussed, meaningful and 
constructive contribution and guidance provided, 
key performance aspects in case of executive 
directors etc.
2. Independent Directors Entire Board of Directors 
excluding the Director 
who is being evaluated
Attendance, contribution to the Board and 
Committee meetings like preparedness on 
the issues to be discussed, meaningful and 
constructive contribution, and guidance provided 
etc.

===== PAGE 35 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
34
3. Board, and its 
Committees 
All Directors  Board composition and structure, effectiveness 
of Board processes, Evaluation of risk, look into 
governance and compliance, review grievance 
of investor, check availability of sufficient funds, 
information and functioning, fulfilment of key 
responsibilities, performance of specific duties 
and obligations, timely flow of information, 
contribution to the discussion, etc.
The assessment of committees based on the 
terms of reference of the committees and 
effectiveness of the meetings.
14. RISK MANAGEMENT
 The Board of Directors of the Company has designed Risk Management Policy and Guidelines to avoid 
events, situations or circumstances which may lead to negative consequences on the Company’s businesses 
and has defined a structured approach to manage uncertainty and to make use of these in their decision-
making pertaining to all business divisions and corporate functions. Key business risks and their mitigation are 
considered in the annual/strategic business plans and in periodic management reviews. At present there is no 
identifiable risk which in the opinion of the Board may threaten the existence of the Company.
15. CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND 
OUTGO
 The particulars as required under the provisions of Section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with 
Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 in respect of conservation of energy, technology absorption, 
foreign exchange earnings and outgo are furnished in “Annexure A” which forms part of this Report.
16. ANNUAL RETURN
 Annual Return for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 made under the provisions of Section 92(3) of the 
Act is uploaded on website of the Company and link for the same is https:/ /www.rubymills.com/investors
17. CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
 The Annual Report in the format prescribed in the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 
2014 on CSR activities is attached as “Annexure B” and forms a part of this Report. For other details regarding 
the CSR Committee and the policy, please refer to the Corporate Governance Report, which forms part of 
this report. The Corporate Social Responsibility policy has been uploaded on the Company’s website at the 
following link -   https:/ /www.rubymills.com/uploads/investor-reports/231775630_Microsoft-Word-Fina-lCSR-
Policy.pdf Changes in the Corporate Social Responsibility policy were made during the year under review as 
per the SEBI Amendments.
18. SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS
 During the year under review, no significant and material orders were passed by the regulators or courts or 
tribunals impacting the going concern status and the Company’s operations.
19. AUDITORS
 (i) Statutory Auditors
  At the 106th Annual General Meeting held on 23rd September, 2022, the Members approved reappointment 
of M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No. 101961W/W-100036) to hold 
office from the conclusion of the 106th Annual General Meeting until the conclusion of the 111th Annual 
General Meeting on such remuneration as may be fixed by the Board apart from reimbursement of out of 
pocket expenses as may be incurred by them for the purpose of audit.

===== PAGE 36 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
35
  The Report given by M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Statutory Auditors on the financial statements of the 
Company for the financial year 2025-26 is part of this Annual Report. The Auditors’ Report does not 
contain any qualification, reservation, adverse remark or disclaimer. During the year under review, the 
Auditors had not reported any matter under Section 143 (12) of the Act, therefore no detail is required to 
be disclosed under Section 134 (3) (ca) of the Act.
 (ii) Secretarial Auditor
  The Board has appointed M/s. Vikas R. Chomal & Associates, Company Secretaries in Practice to undertake 
the Secretarial Audit of the Company for the financial year 2025-2026. The Report of the Secretarial 
Audit Report is annexed herewith as “ Annexure C”. The Secretarial Audit Report does not contain any 
qualification, reservation or adverse remark
 (iii) Cost Auditor and Cost Audit Report
  Pursuant to Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with The Companies (Cost Records and Audit) 
Rules, 2014, the accounts and records are required to be maintained by the Company, in respect of various 
manufacturing activities and are required to be audited. Accordingly, such accounts and records are 
maintained in respect of various manufacturing activities. Shri. Dakshesh H. Zaveri, Cost Accountant has 
been appointed as Cost Auditor of the Company for the F.Y. 2025-2026 to carry out the Cost Audit, for 
auditing cost accounting Records in respect of the Textile Segment of the Company and to submit Cost 
Audit Report to the Board as required under Section 148 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies 
(Cost Records and Audit) Amendment Rules, 2014. Accordingly, a resolution seeking the members’ 
ratification for the remuneration payable to Shri. Dakshesh H. Zaveri, Cost Auditors, in terms of the 
resolution proposed to be passed, is included in the Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of the 
Company.
20.  (i) Green Initiatives
  Pursuant to Sections 101 and 136 of the Companies Act, 2013 the Company will be sending Annual Report 
through electronic mode i.e. email to all the shareholders who have registered their email addresses with 
the Company or with the Depository to receive Annual Report through electronic mode and initiated 
steps to reduce consumption of paper.
 (ii) Human Resources
  Employees are considered to be team members being one of the most critical resources in the business 
which maximize the effectiveness of the Organization. Human resources build the Enterprise and the sense 
of belonging would inculcate the spirit of dedication and loyalty amongst them towards strengthening the 
Company’s Polices and Systems. The Company maintains healthy, cordial and harmonious relations with 
all personnel and thereby enhancing the contributory value of the Human Resources.
 (iii) Environment and Safety
  The Company is conscious of the importance of environmentally clean and safe operations. The Company’s 
policy requires conduct of operations in such a manner, so as to ensure safety of all concerned compliances, 
environmental Regulations and preservation of natural resources. There was no major accident during the 
year.
21. MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, IF ANY, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE 
COMPANY
 No material changes and commitments which could affect the Company’s financial position have occurred 
between the end of the financial year of the Company and date of this report.
22. ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 The company has robust internal financial controls in place for its financial statements. As part of its ongoing 

===== PAGE 37 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
36
improvements, the company has migrated to a new ERP system for certain processes. While the new system 
is being integrated and stabilized, the company is actively managing and addressing the necessary manual 
interventions required during this transition. This proactive approach ensures that the company’s control 
systems continue to function effectively and align with the new ERP environment. the auditor’s report is self-
explanatory in nature and provides that company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to 
financial statements.
23. PARTICULAR OF CONTRACTS OR ARRANGEMENT WITH RELATED PARTIES
 All Related Party Transactions entered into by your Company during the Financial Year 2025-26 were on arm’s 
length basis and in the ordinary course of business. There is no material significant Related Party Transactions 
entered into by the Company with Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel or other Designated Persons 
which may have a potential conflict with the interest of the Company.
 Prior approval of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company was obtained for all the 
Related Party Transactions. Accordingly, the disclosure of Related Party Transactions as required under Section 
134(3) (h) of the Companies Act, 2013 in Form AOC-2 is not applicable. Attention of Shareholders is also 
drawn to the disclosure of transactions with related parties as set out in Note No. 48 of Consolidated Financial 
Statements, forming part of the Annual Report.
24. PARTICULARS OF EMPLOYEES:
 The prescribed particulars of employees required under Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014 is attached as “ Annexure D” and forms a part of this 
Report of the Directors.
 Shri. Hiren M. Shah, Executive Chairman, Shri. Bharat M. Shah, Managing Director and Shri. Viraj M. Shah, 
Managing Director drew a remuneration of Rs. 180.00 Lakhs/- per annum each during the year under review.
25. DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, PROHIBITION 
& REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013.
 The Company has set up an Internal Complaints Committee (ICC) for providing a Redressal mechanism 
pertaining to Sexual harassment of women employees at workplace. There was no cases / complaint received 
during the year under review.
 The particulars are as follows:
 (a) Number of complaints of sexual harassment received in the year – NIL
 (b) Number of complaints disposed off during the year – NIL
 (c) Number of cases pending for more than ninety days – NIL
26. DISCLOSURES AS PER THE MATERNITY BENEFIT ACT, 1961
 During the period under review, the Company has complied with all the provisions of the Maternity Benefit  
Act, 1961.
27. PECUNIARY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTIONS OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
 During the year, the non-executive Directors of the Company had no pecuniary relationship or transactions 
with the Company.
28. LISTING FEES
 The Company has paid the listing fees to BSE Limited and NSE Limited for the year 2025-2026.
29. INSIDER TRADING REGULATIONS AND CODE OF DISCLOSURE
 The Board of Directors has adopted the Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished 

===== PAGE 38 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
37
Price Sensitive Information and Code of Internal Procedures and Conduct for Regulating, Monitoring and 
reporting of Trading by Insiders in accordance with the requirements of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulation, 2015 and is available on our website https:/ /www.rubymills.com/uploads/investor-
reports/832843327_Trading-window-and-trading-Restriction.pdf Changes in the Code of Practices and 
Procedures for Fair Disclosure of Unpublished Price Sensitive Information and Code of Internal Procedures and 
Conduct for Regulating, Monitoring and reporting of Trading by Insiders in accordance with the requirements 
of the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulation, 2015 were made during the year under review as per 
the SEBI Amendments.
30. PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEE OR INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186
 Loans, guarantees and investments covered under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 forms part of the 
notes to financial statements provided in this Annual Report.
31. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS
 As per relevant regulations of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Corporate Governance Report with auditor’s certificate thereon and 
Management Discussion and Analysis are attached, which form part of this Annual Report.
32. GENERAL DISCLOSURES
 Your directors state that no disclosure or reporting is required in respect of the following items as there were 
no transactions on these items during the year under review:
 I. The Company has not issued any shares with differential rights and hence no information as per provisions 
of Section 43(a) (ii) of the Act read with Rule 4(4) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 
2014 is furnished.
 II. The Company has not issued any sweat equity shares during the year under review and hence no 
information as per provisions of Section 54(1)(d) of the Act read with Rule 8(13) of the Companies (Share 
Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 is furnished.
 III. The Company has not issued any equity shares under Employees Stock Option Scheme during the year 
under review and hence no information as per provisions of Section 62(1)(b) of the Act read with Rule 
12(9) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014 is furnished.
 IV. During the year under review, there were no instances of non-exercising of voting rights in respect of 
shares purchased directly by employees under a scheme pursuant to Section 67(3) of the Act read with 
Rule 16(4) of Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 is furnished.
 V. No orders have been passed by any Regulator or Court or Tribunal which can have an impact on the going 
concern status and the Company’s operations in future.
 VI. During the year under review, there are no instances of loan borrowed from Directors by the company. 
Therefore, no declaration is required under Rule 2(1)(c)(viii) of Companies (Acceptance of Deposits) Rules 
2014.
 VII. During the year under review, there was no occasion where the Board has not accepted any recommendation 
of the Audit Committee.
 VIII. During the year under review, there has been no pendency of any proceedings against the company under 
the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
 IX. During the year under review, there have been no instances of one time settlement with any bank or 
financial institution.
33. CHANGE IN THE NATURE OF BUSINESS:
 There was no change in the nature of Company’s business during the year under review.
34. INVESTOR EDUCATION AND PROTECTION FUND (IEPF)
 Pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Act read with the IEPF Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer 

===== PAGE 39 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
38
and Refund) Rules, 2016 (‘the rules’) as amended up to date, after completion of seven years, all the unpaid 
or unclaimed dividends are required to be transferred by the Company to the IEPF established by the Central 
Government.
 Further, according to the said Rules, the shares in respect of which dividend has not been paid or claimed by 
the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to the demat account of the 
IEPF Authority.
35. Transfer of unclaimed dividend to IEPF:
 As required under Section 124 of the Act, the Unclaimed Dividend amount aggregating to Rs. 74,977/- lying 
unclaimed for a period of seven years has been transferred during the financial year 2025-26 to the Investor 
Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) established by the Central Government.
 Members are requested to note that even after the transfer to IEPF as above said, the unclaimed dividend 
amount and the shares transferred to IEPF Suspense Account, both, can be claimed by making an online 
application in Form IEPF-5 and sending the physical copy of the same duly signed (as per specimen signature 
registered with the Company/RTA) along with requisite documents enumerated in the said Form IEPF-5 to the 
Company at its registered office or to the RTA.
 The IEPF Rules and the application form (Form IEPF-5), as prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs are 
available on the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs at www.iepf.gov.in.
36. DISCLOSURE ON COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS
 During the financial year 2025-26, your Company has complied with applicable Secretarial Standards i.e., SS-1 
and SS-2, relating to ‘Meetings of the Board of Directors’ and ‘General Meetings’ respectively as notified by the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
37. SEGMENTS:
 The Company has two segments namely Textile and Real Estate & related. The Statement of accounts prepared 
and submitted are therefore of two segments.
38. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
 Your directors thank all the shareholders, all employees of the Company, customers, suppliers, Government 
Authorities, Financial Institutions and bankers for their continued support.
 You Directors look forward to their continued support in future.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
The Ruby Mills Limited
Sd/-
Hiren M. Shah
Place: Mumbai Executive Chairman
Dated: 28th May-2026 DIN: 00071077

===== PAGE 40 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
39
ANNEXURE TO THE DIRECTORS’ REPORT
Annexure -A
Disclosure pursuant to section 134(3)(m) of the Companies Act, 2013  
read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014
(A) CONSERVATION OF ENERGY:
 This is a continuous process where new developments in energy saving Products are studied and implemented 
from time to time. Future plans entail rain water harvesting and use of solar power for street lighting. Energy 
Audits are also carried out from time to time and staff is encouraged to attend lectures and seminars on 
energy savings.
 a) The steps taken or impact on conservation of energy:
  • Replaced sodium vapor street lights with power saving LED lights. Also regular tube lights with LED 
tube lights.
  • Maintaining unity power factor regularly.
  • Use of harmonic filters
  • Regular Energy Audit to save power
  • Air Audit to identify and control leakages in compressed Air Line. 
  • Optimize use of chillers based on weather condition. 
  • Creating awareness among staff and workers.
  • Use of Transparent PVC Roof in godown to maximize use of natural day light in the godown.
  • Proper and regular use of lubricants. 
  • Using VFD operated air compressor to reduce the power consumption.
 b) Steps taken by the Company for utilizing alternate sources of energy:
  • Replaced 40 Watt tube lights with 18 watt LED tube lights in all departments.
  • Automatic monitoring and control of ID & RD fan of Boiler and control blow down for final saving and 
optimization of Boiler Operator.
  • Company has installed Solar power plant at a cost of Rs.1092 Lakhs during 23-24 having installed 
Capacity of 4815 KWH. The energy produced during the period of reporting is  29,99,973 units (KWH). 
This energy is used for production and result in lower Electricity bills.
  • Company is in the process of installing additional solar power plant having installed capacity 8370 
KWH. The energy which will be produced shall be used for captive consumption.
 c) The capital investment on energy conservation equipment: NIL
(B) TECHNOLOGY ABSORPTION:
 a) Efforts made towards technology absorption:
  The following key components and their implementation are highlighted below
  • Company is encouraging staff to attend seminars, exhibitions, visit to research institutes and 
workshops on skill development
  • After studying modern sumum Airjet looms, Company is evaluating the option of further investment
  • Evaluating Automation in Ring frame and winding department
  • Actively considering retro fitting of contamination clearer in second blow room line

===== PAGE 41 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
40
 b) Benefits derived like product improvement, cost reduction, product development or import substitution:
  • The Company is actively engaged in new product line in fabric manufacturing.
  • Development of new finishes is a continuous process.
  • Ongoing product development activities to reduce cost, optimize processes and import substitution.
 c) In case of imported technology (imported during the last three years reckoned from the beginning of 
the financial year): Not Applicable
(a) the details of technology imported; NA
(b) the year of import; NA
(c) whether the technology been fully absorbed; NA
(d) if not fully absorbed, areas where absorption has not taken place, and the reasons thereof; NA
 d) The Expenditure incurred on Research & Development:
  • It forms part of the project cost and cannot be quantified separately.
(C) FOREIGN EXCHANGE EARNINGS AND OUTGO:
 The Foreign Exchange earned in terms of actual inflows during the year and the foreign actual outgo during 
the year in terms of actual outflows:
Particulars Current Year 
2025-2026 
(in Lakhs)
Previous Year 
2024-2025 
(in Lakhs)
Value of Direct Imports calculated on CIF Basis:
(i) Stores, Spares 81.09 73.47
(ii) Raw Materials 1319.48 111.74
(iii) Capital Goods 492.22 17.42
Earnings in Foreign Exchange on account of export of goods:
Direct Export on FOB Basis 275.17 117.89
Expenditure in Foreign Currency:
Travelling 86.85 90.89
For and on behalf of the Board
For The Ruby Mills Limited
Sd/-
Hiren M. Shah
Place: Mumbai Executive Chairman
Date: May 28, 2026 DIN: 00071077

===== PAGE 42 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
41
ANNEXURE B
Annual Report on CSR Activities of the Company
[Pursuant to the Pursuant to Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the Companies  
(Corporate Social Responsibility) Rules, 2014]
1. Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company, including overview of projects or programs proposed to be 
undertaken and a reference to the web-link to the CSR policy and projects or programmes.
 The Ruby Mills Limited strives to be a socially responsible and strongly believes in development which is 
beneficial for the society at large. As a Corporate Citizen, receiving various benefits out of society is co-
extensive responsibility to pay back in return to the society in terms of helping needy people by providing 
food, clothes, etc., keeping the environment clean and safe for the society by adhering to the best practices 
and technologies, and so on. It is the Company’s intent to make a positive difference to society in which the 
Company lives and operates.
 The Projects / Programmes undertaken or proposed to be undertaken either by an Implementation Agency or 
the Company directly are in line with the activities enumerated in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 with 
rules framed there under (including any statutory modifications or re- enactments thereof for the time being 
in force as amended from time to time).
2. Composition of CSR Committee.
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director Designation / Nature 
of Directorship
Number of meetings of 
CSR Committee held 
during the year 
26.05.2025
Number of meetings  
of CSR Committee 
attended during the year
1. Shri Mehernosh Rusi 
Currawalla
Chairman, 
Independent Director 
1 1
2. Shri Hiren M. Shah Member, Executive 
Chairman
1 1
3. Shri. Viraj M. Shah Member, Executive 
Director
1 1
3. Provide the web-link where Composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by 
the board are disclosed on the website of the Company - https:/ /www.rubymills.com/uploads/investor-
reports/231775630_Microsoft-Word-Fina-lCSR-Policy.pdf
4. Provide the executive summary along with web-link(s) of Impact Assessment of CSR Projects carried out in 
pursuance of sub-rule (3) of rule 8, if applicable.- Not Applicable
5. a. Average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: Rs. 42,84,88,054
 b. Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of section 135: Rs. 85,69,761
 c. Surplus arising out of the CSR Projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years:  
Rs. 1,74,884.
 d. Amount required to be set-off for the financial year, if any: NIL
 e. Total CSR obligation for the financial year [(b)-(c)+(d)]:  Rs. 83,94,877
6. a. Amount spent on CSR Projects (both Ongoing Project and other than Ongoing Project):  Rs. 85,30,000
 b. Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: NIL
 c. Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable : Not Applicable
 d. Total amount spent for the Financial Year [(a)+(b)+(c)] : Rs. 85,30,000
 e. CSR amount spent or unspent for the Financial Year: Rs. 85,30,000

===== PAGE 43 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
42
 f. Excess amount for set-off, if any:
Sr. 
No. Particular Amount  
(in Rs.)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per sub-section (5) of 
section 135
85,69,761
(ii) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the 
previous financial years
1,74,884
(iii) Total amount spent for the Financial Year 85,30,000
(iv) Excess amount spent for the Financial Year [(iii)-(i)-(ii)] 1,35,123
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding Financial Years [(iv)] 1,35,123
7. Details of Unspent Corporate Social Responsibility amount for the preceding three Financial Years:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
Sr. 
No.
Preceding 
Financial 
Year(s)
Amount 
transferred 
to Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
subsection 
(6) of 
section 135 
(in Rs.)
Balance 
Amount in 
Unspent 
CSR 
Account 
under 
subsection 
(6) of 
section 135 
(in Rs.)
Amount 
Spent 
in the 
Financial 
Year (in 
Rs)
Amount transferred 
to a Fund as specified 
under Schedule VII as 
per second proviso 
to subsection (5) of 
section 135, if any
Amount 
remaining 
to be 
spent in 
succeeding 
Financial 
Years 
(in Rs)
Deficiency
if any
Amount 
(in Rs)
Date of 
Transfer
Not Applicable
8. 8. Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount 
spent in the Financial Year: No
9. Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two per cent of the average net profit as per 
subsection (5) of section 135.: Not Applicable
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Hiren M. Shah
Executive Chairman 
DIN: 00071077
Date:  28th May, 2026
Place: Mumbai

===== PAGE 44 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
43
Annexure C
VIKAS R CHOMAL AND ASSOCIATES
PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARIES
(ICSI Peer Reviewed)
SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT
Form No. MR-3
FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31.03.2026
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies  
(Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
Ruby House, J. K. Samant Marg, 
Dadar West, Mumbai – 400 028.
We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence 
to good corporate practices by The Ruby Mills Limited  (hereinafter called the company). Secretarial Audit was 
conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on our verification of the Company’s books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records 
maintained by the Company and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized 
representatives during the conduct of Secretarial Audit, the explanations and clarifications given to us and the 
representations made by the Management. We, hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the 
audit period covering the financial year ended on 31st March, 2026 complied with the statutory provisions listed 
hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board-processes and compliance-mechanism in place to the 
extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by The 
Ruby Mills Limited (“the Company”) for the financial year ended on 31st March, 2026 according to the provisions of:
(I) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made thereunder;
(II) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder;
(III) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Bye-laws framed thereunder;
(IV) Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the rules and regulations made thereunder to the extent of 
Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings (Not Applicable 
to the Company during the Audit period);
(V) The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 
1992 (‘SEBI Act’):-
 a) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 
2011;
 b) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
 c) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2009; (Not applicable to the Company during Audit Period);

===== PAGE 45 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
44
 d) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations, 2014 (Not 
applicable to the Company during Audit Period);
 e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008 (Not 
applicable to the Company during Audit Period as the Company);
 f) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 
1993 regarding the Companies Act and dealing with client;
 g) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; (Not Applicable 
to the Company during the Audit period); and
 h) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 1998 (Not Applicable to 
the Company during the Audit period);
 i) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015
(VI) The Management of the Company has identified two segments i.e. Textiles and Real Estate and accordingly, the 
sector specific compliance of the following laws applicable specifically to the Company have been audited:
 a) The Textiles Committee Act, 1963;
 b) The Textiles (Consumer Protection) Regulation, 1988;
 c) The Textiles (Development and Regulation) Order, 2001.
 d) Maharashtra Ownership Flats Act, 1963.
 e) Development Control Regulations, 2009.
 f) Development Control and Promotion Regulation Rules, 2034
 g) Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act, 1956.
 h)  Transfer of Property Act, 1882.
 i)  Maharashtra Rent Control Act, 1999.
 j)  The Real Estate (Regulation and Development) Act, 2016.
 Having regard to the compliance system prevailing in the Company, we further report that on the examination 
of the relevant documents and records in pursuance thereof, on test check basis, the Company has complied 
with the same.
(VII) and all other Acts as are generally applicable to the Company.
 We have also examined compliance with the applicable clauses/regulations of the following:
 (A) Secretarial Standards with respect to Meetings of Board of Directors (SS-1) and General Meetings (SS-2) 
issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India;
 (B) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 and the Listing Agreement entered with the BSE Limited.

===== PAGE 46 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
45
 During the period under review, the Company has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc. mentioned above.
 WE FURTHER REPORT THAT:
 The Board of Directors of the Company as on 31st March, 2026 comprised of:
 1. Executive Directors
 2. Non-Executive Non-Independent Directors
 3. Non-Executive Independent Directors, including a Women Independent Director.
 The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-
Executive Directors and Independent Directors. There are no changes in the composition of the Board of 
Directors that took place during the period.
 Adequate notice is given to all Directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda 
were sent at least seven days in advance, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and 
clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meetings.
 Majority decision is carried through while the dissenting members’ views, if any, are captured and recorded as 
part of the minutes.
 WE FURTHER REPORT THAT  there are adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate 
with the size and operations of the company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidelines.
 We further report that during the review period, no major action having a bearing on the Company’s affairs in 
pursuance of the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, standards, etc. above have taken place.
FOR VIKAS R CHOMAL AND ASSOCIATES
Sd/-
VIKAS R CHOMAL
PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARIES
FCS NO:  11623 Date: 28th May, 2026
COP: 12133 Place: Thane, Maharashtra
ICSI Firm Peer Review Reg No: S2013MH21650
ICSI UDIN: F011623H000513553
This report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of 
this report.

===== PAGE 47 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
46
ANNEXURE A
To,
The Members,
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
Ruby House, J. K. Sawant Marg, 
Dadar West, Mumbai – 400 028
Our Secretarial Audit Report for the financial year ended 31st March, 2026 of even date is to be read along with 
this letter.
1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility 
is to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on our audit. 
2. We have followed the audit practices and process as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about 
the correctness of the contents of the secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that 
correct facts are reflected in secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices we followed provide 
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the 
Company. 
4. Where ever required, we have obtained the Management Representation about the Compliance of laws, rules 
and regulations and happening of events etc. 
5. The Compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the 
responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis. 
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy 
or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
FOR VIKAS R CHOMAL AND ASSOCIATES
Sd/-
VIKAS R CHOMAL
PRACTICING COMPANY SECRETARIES
FCS NO:  11623 Date: 28th May, 2026
COP: 12133 Place: Thane, Maharashtra
ICSI Firm Peer Review Reg No: S2013MH21650
ICSI UDIN: F011623H000513553

===== PAGE 48 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
47
Annexure D
Disclosure of Remuneration under Section 197(12) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) & 5(2) of 
Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014
Sr. 
No.
Requirements Details
1. The ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median 
employee’s remuneration for the financial year 2025-26
Mr. Hiren Shah 37.98:1
Mr. Bharat Shah 37.98:1
Mr. Viraj Shah 37.98:1
Mr. Purav Shah 26.59:1
2. The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief 
Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, Company Secretary or 
Manager, if any, in the financial year 2025-26
Mr. Hiren Shah 0.00%
Mr. Bharat Shah 0.00%
Mr. Viraj Shah 0.00%
Mr. Purav Shah 0.00%
3. The percentage increase in the median remuneration of 
employees in the financial year 2025-26 (7.20%)*
4 The number of permanent employees on the roll of company as 
on 31st March, 2026 244
5. Average percentile increase already made in the salaries of 
employees other than the managerial personnel in the last 
financial year and its comparison with the percentile increase in 
the managerial remuneration and justification thereof and point 
out if there are any exceptional circumstances for increase in the 
managerial remuneration
The average percentile increase in 
the salaries of employees other than 
Managerial Personnel in the last financial 
year is 4.63%.
6. Affirmation that the remuneration is as per the remuneration 
policy of the company
It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration 
paid during the year ended 31st March, 
2026 was as per the Nomination and 
Remuneration Policy of the Company.
1. The Non-Executive directors are entitled for sitting fees and commission as per the statutory provisions. The 
details of remuneration paid to Non- Executive Directors are disclosed in the Corporate Governance Report. 
Hence, the ratio of remuneration and percentage increase for Non- Executive director’s remuneration is not 
considered for the above purpose.
2. Employees for the above purpose include all employees excluding employees governed under collective 
bargaining and on contract.
*  Due to increase in number of employees during the year
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
For The Ruby Mills Limited
Hiren M. Shah
Place: Mumbai     Executive Chairman
Date: 28th May, 2026 DIN: 00071077

===== PAGE 49 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
48
FORM AOC-1 
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of  
Subsidiaries / Associate Companies / Joint Ventures
[Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of Section 129 read with Rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014]
Part “A”: Subsidiaries
Sr. 
No.
Particulars Details Details
1. CIN/ any other registration number of subsidiary 
company
U35105MH2026PTC469558 U35105MH2026PTC469564
2. Name of Subsidiary Ruby Greentech K Private 
Limited
Ruby Greentech T Private 
Limited
3. The date since when subsidiary was acquired 18th March,2026 18th March,2026
4. Provisions pursuant to which the company has 
become subsidiary (Section 2(87)(i)/Section 
2(87)(ii))
Section 2(87)(ii) Section 2(87)(ii)
5. Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned,  
if different from the holding company’s reporting 
period
For the period from March 18, 
2026 (Date of Incorporation)  
to March 31, 2026
For the period from March 18, 
2026 (Date of Incorporation) to 
March 31, 2026
6. Reporting Currency and Exchange rate as on the 
last date of the relevant financial year in the case 
of foreign subsidiaries
Not Applicable Not Applicable
7. Share Capital 1.00 1.00
8. Reserves & Surplus (0.75) (1.25)
9. Total Assets 1.00 83.89
10. Total Liabilities 0.75 84.14
11. Investments - -
12. Turnover - -
13. Profit / (Loss) before taxation (0.75) (1.30)
14. Provision for taxation / (Deferred Tax) - (0.05)
15. Profit / (Loss)  after taxation (0.75) (1.25)
16. Proposed Dividend - -
17. % of shareholding 100.00 % 100.00 %
2.   Names of subsidiaries which are yet to commence operations-Ruby Greentech K Private Limited and Ruby Greentech T 
Private Limited (Incorporated on March 18, 2026).
3.   Names of subsidiaries which have been liquidated or have ceased to be a subsidiary during the year – None
Part “B”: Associates and Joint Ventures
4.   Statement pursuant to Section 129 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013 related to Associate Companies and Joint Ventures –  
Not Applicable.
5.  Names of associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations: Not Applicable.
6.   Names of associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or have ceased to be associate or joint venture during the 
year.: Not Applicable.
For The Ruby Mills Limited 
Sd/-
Hiren M. Shah 
Executive Chairman 
DIN: 00071077
1. No. of the subsidiaries-2(Two) Rs. in Lakhs

===== PAGE 50 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
49
List of top employees in terms of remuneration drawn in the following table
Sr. 
No.
Name of the 
Employee
Designation Remuneration Nature of 
employment
Qualification and 
Experience
Begin 
date
Date of 
Birth
Age in 
Years
Last 
Employment
% of equity 
shares 
held by the 
employee
Relative 
of 
Director
1 Mr. Hiren M Shah Chairman  2,01,48,480 Director A qualified Textile 
Technologist from 
India’s premier 
Institution VJTI 
and presently, the 
Executive Chairman  
of the Company.
30-Oct-77 12-Apr-54  72 
Years 
N/A  2.93 Yes
2 Mr. Bharat M Shah Managing 
Director
 2,01,28,816 Director B. Com 28-Nov-94 15-Aug-59  66 
Years 
N/A  4.67 Yes
3 Mr. Viraj M Shah Managing 
Director
 2,01,40,012 Director B. Com 28-Nov-94 18-Apr-61  66 
Years 
N/A  4.05 Yes
4 Mr. Purav H Shah CEO & CFO  1,41,00,480 Director MBA from Bentley 
College, USA
13-Dec-17 06-Nov-80  45 
Years 
N/A  2.30 Yes
5 Mr. Rishabh V. Shah President  1,27,56,480 Relative of 
KMP
B.com (Accounting 
and Finance) 
LLB (Government  
law College) 
LLM (Univ. of 
California Los 
Angeles)
15-Jan-24 05-Dec-88  39 
Years 
N/A  1.87 Yes
6 Mr. Pranav Y. 
Koradia
Marketing 
Manager 
Sales
 28,24,853 Full time 
employment
B.com / 11 Years 01-Feb-14 30-Dec-80  45 
Years 
N/A  - No
7 Mr. Yash V. Dhuru Accounts 
Head
 22,31,260 Full time 
employment
Chartered Accountant 
/ 32 years
03-Nov-22 07-Apr-62  63 
Years 
Consultant  - No
8 Mr. Ashish A.Date Vice 
President 
(Sales)
 70,47,348 Full time 
employment
MBA / 25+ years exp 02-May-24 08-Nov-76  51 
Years 
Birla Century  - No
9 Mr. Pankaj Subhedar 
Chaturvedi
General 
Manager
 48,01,200 Full time 
employment
B.Tech in Mechanical 
Engg. / 26_ Years 
Experience
09-Jun-25 26-Feb-80  45 
Years 
Birla Century  - No
By order of the Board
For The Ruby Mills Limited
Sd/-
Hiren M. Shah
Place: Mumbai Executive Chairman
Dated: 28th May,2026 DIN: 00071077

===== PAGE 51 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
50
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
TEXTILES DIVISION — POSITION, RESILIENCE, AND THE ROAD AHEAD
A legacy built since 1917. A future driven by quality, agility, and resilience.
Industry Overview
The global textile industry continues to operate in a challenging environment. Geopolitical tensions, volatility in 
energy markets, inflationary pressures, elevated input costs, and subdued consumer sentiment continue to impact 
demand patterns and operating conditions across the textile value chain. Weak market sentiments and cautious 
procurement behaviour across markets has created a measured demand environment for the industry.
Against this backdrop, The Ruby Mills Limited continues to demonstrate resilience built upon more than a century 
of experience and customer trust. Since its incorporation in 1917, Ruby Mills has successfully navigated multiple 
economic and industry cycles while strengthening its reputation, relationships, and technical expertise.
The Company’s strong domestic presence in premium fabrics and interlinings, combined with long-standing 
goodwill across customers and trade channels, continues to provide stability and competitive strength in evolving 
market conditions.
Diversification and Growth
Over the past two years, the Company has consciously pursued newer business avenues, expanded customer 
engagement, and strengthened market reach. These efforts have begun yielding encouraging results and have 
contributed to a revenue growth of approximately 40% year-on-year, in FY 25- 56.
In the current situation, the Company remains cautiously optimistic while continuing to invest with discipline and 
long-term focus.
Fibre Capabilities and Integrated Manufacturing Strength
The Company’s expertise across a broad spectrum of fibres and blends remains a key competitive advantage. The 
Company’s ability to adapt product offerings and manufacturing capabilities in response to changing demand 
patterns provides operational flexibility and strengthens market responsiveness.
Further enhancing this capability is Ruby Mills’ vertically integrated manufacturing structure spanning spinning, 
weaving, and processing operations. This integrated model enhances supply chain reliability, quality consistency, 
production agility, and operational control, enabling the Company to respond efficiently to evolving customer 
requirements while improving resource utilization and manufacturing efficiencies.
Sustainability and Future Readiness
Sustainability remains an integral focus area for Ruby. The Company continues to strengthen environmentally 
conscious practices through sustainable products, responsible manufacturing initiatives, and improved resource 
efficiency.
As part of this commitment, Ruby Mills has also forayed into solar energy initiatives, supporting cleaner energy 
adoption while contributing towards long-term energy sustainability and mitigating operating cost pressures.
The Company has also initiated evaluation of opportunities within technical textiles, aligned with its capabilities 
and long-term strategic priorities, with a disciplined approach towards future growth and diversification.
Outlook
While global economic and geopolitical uncertainties continue to warrant caution, Management remains positively 
hopeful regarding medium and long-term prospects.
Ruby Mills believes its strong legacy, established market presence, diversified capabilities, operational discipline, 
and strategic initiatives position the Company well to navigate industry challenges and participate meaningfully in 
future growth opportunities.
Backed by over 109 years of trust, quality, and adaptability, Ruby Mills remains focused on building a stronger, more 
resilient, and future-ready enterprise.

===== PAGE 52 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
51
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
REAL ESTATE DIVISION — PORTFOLIO STRENGTH, DIVERSIFICATION AND LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION
The Ruby — Strengthening a Landmark Asset
The Company’s flagship commercial asset, The Ruby, Mumbai, remains a landmark commercial development and 
one of the most prominent office assets in the city. To further unlock value from this asset, the Company has 
appointed Gaurav Kapoor Ventures, one of Mumbai’s reputed real estate advisory firms, with a mandate to drive 
leasing and monetisation initiatives for the property. The objective is to maximise occupancy, enhance tenant 
quality, and optimise long-term value creation.
Alongside the commercial efforts, the Company is undertaking initiatives aimed at further strengthening the 
positioning of the asset through the addition of modern occupier-focused infrastructure and upgraded amenities. 
These initiatives include refreshed common areas, enhanced hospitality experiences and contemporary food 
and beverage offerings including cafés and restaurants, aligned with evolving workplace preferences and newer 
workplace expectations. The objective remains to strengthen the occupants experience while further enhancing 
the long-term positioning and value proposition of the asset.
The Ruby continues to benefit from its strategic location advantages, Grade A+ infrastructure, institutional tenant 
acceptance, transport connectivity and an evolving amenity ecosystem, positioning it strongly within Mumbai’s 
commercial real estate landscape.
Development Potential and Land Opportunity
Beyond the existing commercial development, the Company continues to actively evaluate the optimal utilisation 
of its balance land parcel adjoining The Ruby development, representing a significant long-term value creation 
opportunity.
The land parcel carries an estimated development potential of approximately over a million square feet, providing 
a rare opportunity to create large-format Grade A+ commercial real estate within a proven commercial ecosystem 
in Mumbai. The Company is evaluating the optimal development strategy and product mix to maximise long-term 
shareholder value.
The development opportunity benefits from multiple structural advantages including exceptional connectivity, 
three-road access, proximity to metro and rail infrastructure, access to key business districts and an established 
commercial ecosystem. The Company believes these factors position the land parcel as an important long-duration 
development opportunity.
Diversification and Strategic Investments
As part of its broader strategy of diversification across real estate segments and geographies, the Company 
continues to evaluate opportunities beyond traditional commercial real estate with a focus on emerging lifestyle-
driven markets and premium residential formats.
In line with this approach, the Company entered into a strategic investment partnership with Isprava, one of India’s 
leading luxury second-home developers, to participate in the premium residential and hospitality-led real estate 
segment in the Alibaug region.
The investment aligns with the growing long-term potential of the Alibaug market, supported by improving 
connectivity and evolving lifestyle trends driving demand for premium second-home developments. The partnership 
also supports the Company’s broader strategy of diversification across geographies and product categories.
Institutional Participation and Portfolio Diversification
Further reinforcing its conviction in commercial real estate as an asset class, the Company has also expanded its 
indirect participation through investments alongside institutional managers.
Through 360 ONE WAM Wealth Asset Advisors,  one of India’s leading alternate asset management platforms, 
the Company has participated in diversified real estate opportunities alongside marquee institutions including 
Blackstone, Brookfield and others across completed and pre-leased assets including commercial real estate and 
warehousing opportunities across markets such as Mumbai, Bengaluru and Chennai.

===== PAGE 53 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
52
These investments provide exposure to institutional-quality assets, including REIT and REIT able opportunities 
— assets that are either part of, or have the potential to be integrated into, REIT structures over time — thereby 
enabling diversification across geographies and asset classes while leveraging specialised operating and investment 
expertise.
Outlook
The Company believes its combination of established commercial assets, development optionality, geographical 
diversification and institutional participation provides a balanced platform for long-term value creation.
The Company remains focused on disciplined capital allocation, portfolio diversification and creating long-term 
value through a combination of direct ownership, strategic investments and institutional participation across real 
estate segments.

===== PAGE 54 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
53
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
1. Company’s philosophy on Corporate Governance:
 Corporate Governance is a set of principles, processes and systems which govern a company. It is an ethically 
driven business process that is committed to values aimed at enhancing an organization’s wealth-generating 
capacity. The elements of Corporate Governance are independence, transparency, accountability, responsibility, 
compliance, ethics, values and trust. Our Company believes that sound Corporate Governance is critical for 
enhancing and retaining investor trust and our Company always seeks to ensure that its performance goals are 
met accordingly. At The Ruby Mills Limited, the Board of Directors (“the Board”) is at the core of our corporate 
governance practices and we ensure that we gain and retain the trust of our stakeholders at all times., Late 
Shri. Manharlal Chunilal Shah who has devoted 65 years of his life working towards the growth of our Company 
believes in adopting and adhering to the best standards of corporate governance to all the stakeholders and 
that the Company affairs are managed in a fair and transparent manner. We feel proud to belong to a Company 
whose visionary founder laid the foundation stone for good governance and made it an integral principle 
of the business. Our actions are governed by our values and principles, which are reinforced at all levels 
within the Company which is focused on enhancement of long-term value creation for all stakeholders without 
compromising on integrity, societal obligations, environment and regulatory compliances. The Company’s 
corporate governance is therefore based on the following principles:
 • Appropriate composition, size of the Board and commitment to adequately discharge its responsibilities 
and duties.
 • Transparency and independence in the functions of the Board.
 • Availability of information to the members of the Board and Board Committee to enable them to discharge 
their fiduciary duties.
 • Adequate risk management and Internal Control.
 • Protection of shareholders rights and priority for investor relations.
 • Timely and accurate disclosure on all matters concerning operations and performance of the Company.
 The Company understands and respects its fiduciary role and responsibility to its shareholders. The objective 
of your Company is not only to meet the statutory requirements but to go beyond it by instituting such 
systems and procedures as are in accordance with the latest global trend of making management completely 
transparent and institutionally sound. Your Company has continually been strengthening its business processes, 
systems, financial reporting, information security systems, disclosures and standards of ethics. The report on 
the Company’s corporate governance, as per the applicable provisions of the Securities Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 are as under:
2. Board of Directors :
 The composition of the Board of Directors of the Company is governed by the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013, (“the Act”) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “Listing Regulations”), as amended from time to time.  Your Company’s 
Board is a professionally managed Board, consisting of 10 (Ten) Directors in all, categorized as under:
i. Composition of Board of Directors:
 The Board has an appropriate mix of Non-Executive and Independent Directors, including a Woman Independent 
Director, with varied professional background. Independent Directors helps to maintain the independence of 
the Board and separate the Board functions of governance from business management. The composition of 
the Board represents an optimal mix of professionalism, knowledge, experience and enables the Board to 
discharge its responsibilities and provide effective leadership to the business.
 During the Financial Year 2025-26, the Board of Directors comprised of 1 (One) Executive Chairman, 2 (Two) 
Managing Directors, 1 (One) Executive Director along-with 6 (Six) Non-Executive Directors.

===== PAGE 55 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
54
 Since the Chairman is an Executive Chairman the requirement of half of the Board of Directors as Independent 
Directors is met with by the Company in view of 5 (Five) Independent Directors out of a total of 10 (Ten) 
Directors. The Non-Executive Independent Directors are eminent professionals and have experience in the field 
of finance, taxation, management, administration and law, bringing a wide range of expertise and experience 
to the Board.
 The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity 
at Board level as an essential element in maintaining a competitive advantage.
 The Board does not have any Nominee Director on its board representing any institution.
 Composition of the Board and category of Directors: -
Sr. 
No.
Name Category No. of shares 
held by the 
Directors as on  
31st March 2026
1. Shri Hiren M. Shah Promoter, Executive Chairman 9,80,600
2. Shri Bharat M. Shah Promoter, Managing Director 15,62,000
3. Shri Viraj M. Shah Promoter, Managing Director 13,54,640
4. Shri Purav Hiren Shah Promoter, Executive Director, CEO and CFO 7,69,016
5. Shri Gurudas Aras Independent Non- Executive Director NIL
6. Shri Deepak R. Shah Non-Independent and Non – Executive  Director NIL
7. Shri Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla Independent Non- Executive Director 2,000
8. Smt. Jasvanti Amar Patel Independent Non- Executive Director NIL
9. Shri. Rahul Gautam Divan Independent Non- Executive Director NIL
10. Shri Paras K. Savla Independent Non- Executive Director NIL
 *Shri Yogen S. Lathia, Independent Non-Executive Director of the Director holding 3200 Shares has completed 
his second term of reappointment as an Independent Director, contributing his valuable experience as on 28th 
December, 2025.
ii. Board Procedure and Access to information
 The Board of Directors is responsible for the management of the business of the Company and meets regularly 
for discharging its role and functions.
 The Board of Directors of the Company reviews all information provided periodically for discussion and 
consideration at its meetings in terms of applicable provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
 Detailed Agenda are circulated to the Directors in advance. All material information is incorporated in the 
agenda for facilitating meaningful and focused discussions at the meetings. Where it is not practicable to 
enclose any document to the agenda, the same is placed before the meeting. In special and exceptional 
circumstances, additional item(s) on the agenda are permitted to be discussed at the Meeting.
 Attendance of each Director at the meeting of the Board of Directors and the last annual general meeting
 During the year 2025-26, the Board met 7(Seven) times on the following dates: 26th May, 2025, 14th 
August,2025, 9th September, 2025, 13th November, 2025, 27th December, 2025, 19th January, 2026 and 13th 
February, 2026.

===== PAGE 56 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
55
 Attendance of each Director at the Board Meeting and last Annual General Meeting and number of Chairmanship/
membership in other companies Board Committees are given in following Table.
Name of Director Status 
Executive 
/ Non-
Executive
No. of 
Board 
Meetings 
held
No. of 
Board 
Meetings 
attended
Attendance 
at last 
AGM
No. of 
Directorship 
in other Cos.
No. of Chairmanship / 
membership in other 
Board/ Committee
Public Private Chairmanship Membership
Shri. Hiren M. Shah EC 7 6 Yes - 4 - -
Shri Bharat M. Shah MD 7 6 Yes - 4 - -
Shri. Viraj M. Shah MD 7 7 Yes - 4 - -
Shri Gurudas Aras NED/ ID 7 7 Yes 2 3 1 3
Shri Deepak R. Shah NED 7 7 Yes 2 0 1 3
Shri Purav Hiren Shah WTD 7 7 Yes - 5 - -
Shri Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla NED/ ID 7 7 Yes - 4 - -
Smt. Jasvanti Amar Patel NED/ ID 7 7 Yes - - - -
Shri. Rahul Gautam Divan NED/ ID 7 7 Yes 1 3 1 2
*Shri.Yogen S.Lathia NED/ ID 7 5 Yes - 2 - -
*Shri Paras K Savla NED/ ID 7 2 NA 4 4 4 5
 *Shri Yogen S. Lathia, Independent Non-Executive Director, has completed his second term of reappointment 
as an Independent Director, contributing his valuable experience as on 28th December, 2025 and Shri Paras K. 
Savla was appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director w.e.f. 27th December,2025.
 Directorship in other listed Companies:
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director Name of Company Category
1. Shri Deepak R. Shah Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited
 
Bliss Gvs Pharma Limited
Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
2. Shri Rahul Gautam Divan Keystone Realtors Limited Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
3. Shri Paras K Savla Forbes & Company Limited Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
Abans Enterprises Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
Om Freight Forwarders Limited Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
4. Shri Gurudas Aras The Indian Card Clothing Company Limited Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
Rossari Biotech Limited Non-Executive - 
Independent Director
 Note:
 1. The Directorships held by Directors mentioned above do not include Directorship held in ‘The Ruby Mills 
Limited’, Alternate Directorship and Directorship in Foreign Companies, Section 8 Companies.
 2. In accordance with Regulation 26 of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, Memberships/Chairmanships of only the Audit Committees 
and Shareholders/Investors Grievance Committee in all Public Limited Companies (excluding The Ruby 
Mills Limited) have been considered.
 3. Membership Includes Chairmanship of Committee.

===== PAGE 57 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
56
iii. Inter-se relationships among Directors
Sr. 
No.
Name of Director Inter - se Relationship
1. Shri. Hiren M. Shah Father of Shri. Purav Shah and Brother of Shri. Bharat Shah & 
Shri. Viraj Shah
2. Shri Bharat M. Shah Brother of Shri. Hiren Shah & Shri. Viraj Shah and Uncle of 
Purav Shah
3. Shri. Viraj M. Shah Brother of Shri. Hiren Shah & Shri. Bharat Shah and Uncle of 
Purav  Shah
4. Shri. Purav Hiren Shah Son of Shri. Hiren Shah and Nephew of Shri. Bharat Shah and 
Shri. Viraj Shah
5. Shri Deepak R. Shah No Relation
6. Shri Gurudas Aras No Relation
7. Shri Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla No Relation
8. Smt. Jasvanti Amar Patel No Relation
9. Shri. Rahul Gautam Divan No Relation
10. Shri Paras K Savla No Relation
iv. Code of Conduct
 The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for the Members of the Board and the Senior Managements. All 
the members of the Board and the Senior Management Personnel have affirmed compliance to the Code of 
Conduct as on March 31, 2026 and a declaration to that effect signed by the Managing Director is given below.
 I hereby confirm that:
 The Company has obtained from all the members of the Board and senior management, affirmation that they 
have complied with the code of conduct for directors and senior management in respect of the financial year 
2025-26.
 Sd/-
 Bharat M Shah
 Managing Director
 DIN No. 00071248

===== PAGE 58 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
57
v. A chart or a matrix setting out the Skills/Expertise/Competence of the Board of Directors:
 In terms of requirement of Listing Regulations, the Board has identified the following skills / expertise / 
competencies of the Directors as given below:
Skills and its 
description
Shri. 
Bharat 
Shah
Shri. 
Hiren 
Shah
Shri. 
Viraj 
Shah
Shri. 
Purav 
Shah
Shri. 
Deepak 
R. Shah
Shri, 
Gurudas 
Aras 
Shri. 
Yogen 
S. 
Lathia
Shri. 
Mehernosh 
Rusi 
Currawalla
Shri. 
Rahul 
Gautam 
Divan
Smt. 
Jasvanti 
Amar 
Patel
Shri.
Paras K. 
Savla
Leadership experience 
of running large 
enterprise
          
Experience of crafting 
Business Strategies
          
Understanding 
of Consumer and 
Customer Insights in 
diverse environments 
and conditions 
    - - - -  -  -  -
Finance and 
Accounting 
Experience
          
Experience in 
overseeing large and 
complex Supply Chain
    - - - -  -  -  -
Understanding use of 
Digital / Information 
Technology
          
Experience of large 
companies and 
understanding of the 
changing regulatory 
landscape
          
Communication and 
Negotiation Skill
          
vi. Confirmation:
 In the opinion of the board, the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions specified in these regulations and 
are independent of the management.
vii. Details of the Directors seeking appointment/re-appointment at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting:
 The Directors of the Company who are seeking the appointment/re-appointment at the forthcoming Annual 
General Meeting are as follows:
 a. The provisions of Section 149 and 152(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder, stipulate 
that at least 1/3rd of the 2/3rd of the Directors of the Company who have been longest in the office, 
other than Independent Directors, are liable to retire by rotation every year. Accordingly, Shri. Deepak 
Rameshchandra Shah (DIN – 06954206) retires by rotation at the ensuing Annual General Meeting and 
being eligible, has offered himself for re-appointment.
3. Board Committees
 The Board has constituted various Committees with an optimum representation of its members and with 
specific terms of reference in accordance with the Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations. To focus effectively on 
the issues and ensure expedient resolution of diverse matters, the Board has constituted a set of Committees 
with specific terms of reference/ scope. The committees operate as the Board’s empowered agents according 
to their charter/ terms of reference.

===== PAGE 59 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
58
 The Board has constituted the below mentioned committees:
 a) Audit Committee
 b) Nomination and Remuneration Committee
 c) Stakeholders Relationship Committee
 d) Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 e) Risk Management Committee
 The Committees are represented by a combination of Non-Executive Independent Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company. These Committees play an important role in the overall Management of day to-day 
affairs and governance of your Company. The Committees meet at regular intervals and take necessary steps 
to perform its duties entrusted by the Board. The recommendations of the Committee(s) are submitted to the 
Board for its approval.
i. Audit Committee
 Audit committee has been formed in line with the provisions of Section 177 of the Act and Regulation 18 of 
the SEBI Regulations read with Part C of Schedule II. Audit Committee of the Board of Directors (“the Audit 
Committee”) is entrusted with the responsibility to supervise the Company’s internal controls and financial 
reporting process. The composition, quorum, powers, role and scope are in accordance with Section 177 of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulation. All members of the Audit 
Committee are financially literate and expertise in the domain of finance, Taxation and Risk.
 The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are broadly as under:
 • Overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to 
ensure that the financial statements are correct, sufficient and credible;
 • Recommending to the Board, the appointment, re-appointment, remuneration and terms of appointment 
of auditors and, if required, the replacement or removal of the statutory auditor and the fixation of audit 
fees;
 • Approving payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors; 
 • Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements before submission to the Board for 
approval,:approval,:
  a. Matters required to be included in the Director’s Responsibility Statement to be included in the 
Board’s report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
  b. Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices along with reasons for the same.
  c. Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management.
  d. Significant adjustments made in the financial statements arising out of audit findings.
  e. Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements.
  f. Disclosure of any related party transactions; and
  g. Qualifications in the draft audit report.
 • Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial statements before submission to the Board for 
approval;
 • Reviewing, with the management, the statement of uses / application of funds raised through an issue 
(public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for purposes other than 
those stated in the offer document/prospectus/notice and the report submitted by the monitoring agency 
monitoring the utilization of proceeds of a public or rights issue, and making appropriate recommendations 
to the Board to take up steps in this matter;

===== PAGE 60 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
59
 • Review and monitor the auditor’s independence and performance, and effectiveness of audit process.
 • Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the company with related parties;
 • Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments
 • Valuation of undertaking or assets of the company, whenever it is necessary
 • Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems
 • Reviewing, with the management, performance of statutory and internal auditors, and adequacy of the 
internal control systems;
 • Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit function, if any, including the structure of the internal audit 
department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage 
and frequency of internal audit;
 • Discussing with the internal auditors any significant findings and follow up there on;
 • Reviewing the findings of any internal investigations by the internal auditors into matters where there is 
suspected fraud or irregularity or a failure of internal control systems of a material nature and reporting 
the matter to the Board;
 • Discussion with the statutory auditors before the audit commences, about the nature and scope of audit 
as well as post-audit discussion to ascertain any area of concern;
 • Looking into the reasons for substantial defaults in the payment to the depositors, debenture holders, 
shareholders (in case of non-payment of declared dividends) and creditors;
 • Reviewing the functioning of the Whistle Blower mechanism;
 • Approving the appointment of the Chief Financial Officer after assessing the qualifications, experience 
and background, etc., of the candidate; and
 • Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee or 
contained in the equity listing agreements as and when amended from time to time.
 • Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/investment by the holding company in the 
subsidiary exceeding rupees 100 crores or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower 
including existing loans / advances / investments existing as on the date.
 • Considering and commenting on rationale, cost-benefits and impact of schemes involving merger, 
demerger, amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders.
 The Audit Committee shall mandatorily review the following:
 • Management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
 • Management letters/letters of internal control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;
 • Internal audit reports relating to internal control weaknesses; and
 • The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the internal auditor.
 • Statement of deviations:
  a) Quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to 
Stock Exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
  b) Annual statements of funds utilized for the purpose other than those stated in the offer document/
prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015.
 Further, the audit committee ensures that it has reviewed each area that is required to review under its terms 
of reference and under applicable regulation or by way of good practice. This periodic review ensures that all 
areas within the scope of committee are reviewed.

===== PAGE 61 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
60
 The Audit Committee of the Company met 5 (Five) times during the year as per the dates mentioned below:
 May 26, 2025, August 14, 2025, November 13, 2025, January 19,2026 and February 13, 2026.
 The Audit Committee of the Board comprises of 2 (Two) Non-Executive Independent Directors and 1 (One) 
Non-Executive Non- Independent Director. Recommendations of the Audit Committee, if any, are considered 
and implemented by the Board from time to time.
 The Composition of Audit Committee and the details of meetings attended by its members are given below:
Sr. 
No
Name of 
the Audit 
Committee 
Member
Category of 
Directorship
Status Number of Audit Committee Meetings held and 
attended during the Year
No. of 
Meetings 
attendedMay 26, 
2025
August  
14, 2025
November 
13, 2025
January 
19,2026 
February 
13,2026.
1. Shri. Rahul G. 
Divan
Non-Executive 
Director – 
Independent
Chairman
     5/5
2. Shri. Deepak 
Rameshchandra 
Shah
Non-Executive 
Director – Non 
Independent
Member
     5/5
3. *Shri.Paras K. 
Savla
Non-Executive 
Director –
Independent
Member
- - -   2/5
4. *Shri. Yogen S. 
Lathia
Non-Executive 
Director –
Independent
Member 
   - - 3/5
 *Shri Yogen S. Lathia, Independent Non-Executive Director, has completed his second term of reappointment 
as an Independent Director, contributing his valuable experience as on 28th December, 2025 and Shri Paras K. 
Savla was appointed as member of Audit Committee w.e.f. 27th December, 2025
 The Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer and the representative of Statutory Auditor, Internal Auditor 
and Secretarial Auditor were also invited to attend the Audit Committee meetings. Shri. Rahul Divan, Chairman 
of the Audit Committee was present at 109th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 09, 
2025, to attend and reply to the shareholders queries.
 The Company generally considers and reviews all items listed in the applicable acts and regulations. The 
Committee mandatorily reviews information as per the requirement of applicable acts and regulations and 
such other matters as considered appropriate by it or referred to it by Board.
ii. Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
 The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
in conformity with and keeping a good balance with the requirements under provisions of Section 178 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and is in line with the provisions of the relevant requirements of Securities and 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Regulations) Regulations, 2015 to determine and review 
the remuneration package of Managing/Whole-time/Executive/Independent Directors, senior officers of 
the Company, evaluating performance of directors/senior officer and to deal with other matters related to 
appointment and removal of managerial/ directors/ senior personnel
 Brief description of Terms of Reference:
 a. To formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a Director 
and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to the remuneration for the Directors, Key Managerial 
Personnel and other employees;
 b. To formulate the criteria for evaluation of performance of independent directors and the board of directors;
 c. To devise a policy on diversity of board of directors;

===== PAGE 62 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
61
 d. To identify persons who are qualified to become Directors and who may be appointed in Senior Management 
in accordance with the criteria laid down, recommend to the Board their appointment and removal and 
shall carry out evaluation of every Director’s performance;
 e. To decide whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the 
basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent directors;
 f. To recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior management.
 g. For every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
shall evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board and on the basis of such 
evaluation, prepare a description of the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The 
person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall have the capabilities 
identified in such description.
 For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Committee may:
 a. use the services of an external agencies, if required;
 b. consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and 
 c. consider the time commitments of the candidates
 Further, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee ensures that it has reviewed each area that is required 
to review under its terms of reference and under applicable acts/ regulation or by way of good practice. 
 Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meeting of the Company was held on May 26, 2025 and December 
27, 2025 during the financial year ended March 31, 2026. Presently, the Company does not have any Stock 
Option Scheme.
 The Composition of Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the details of meetings attended by its 
members are given below: 
Sr. 
No
Name of the Remuneration 
Committee Member
Category of 
Directorship
Status Number of NRC 
Meetings held 
and attended  
during the Year
No. of 
Meetings 
Attended
May 26, 
2025
December 
27, 2025
1. #Shri. Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla Non-Executive 
Director – 
Independent
Member, 
Chairman w.e.f 
27.12.2025
  2/2
2. Shri. Gurudas Aras Non-Executive 
Director – 
Independent
Member
  2/2
3. #Shri. Deepak Rameshchandra 
Shah
Non-Executive 
Director – 
Independent
Member w.e.f 
27.12.2025 - - -
4. *Shri. Yogen S. Lathia Non-Executive 
Director – 
Independent
Ceased to  be 
Chairman w.e.f 
27.12.2025 
  2/2
 *Shri Yogen S. Lathia, Independent Non-Executive Director, has completed his second term of reappointment as an        Independent Director, 
contributing his valuable experience as on 28th December, 2025.
 #Shri. Deepak Rameshchandra Shah was appointed as member of Nomination and Remuneration Committee w.e.f. 27th December,2025 and 
Shri. Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla was appointed as Chairman of Nomination and Remuneration Committee w.e.f. 27th December,2025

===== PAGE 63 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
62
 Remuneration Policy
 The remuneration policy for working directors is in line with the other peer Companies and reviewed periodically. 
The payment of remuneration is duly approved by the Board of Directors upon the recommendation of the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Shareholders.
 The performance evaluation criteria for Independent Directors and criteria of making payments to  
Non-Executive Directors forms part of Nomination cum Remuneration Policy which has been uploaded on the 
Company’s website at the following link- https:/ /www.rubymills.com/uploads/investor-reports/1409223679_
Nomination-and-Remuneration-Policy.pdf
 Directors Remuneration
 Details of remuneration paid to Managing Directors and Whole-time Directors for the year ended March 31, 
2026 are as follows;-
 All elements of remuneration package of individual directors summarized under major groups, such as salary, 
benefits, bonuses, stock options, pension etc;
(In `)
Name of Director Shri 
H. M. Shah
Shri 
B. M. Shah
Shri 
V. M. Shah
Shri 
P. H. Shah
Designation Executive 
Chairman
Managing 
Director
Managing 
Director
Executive 
Director,  
CFO & CEO
Salary (`) 1,79,04,000 1,79,04,000 1,79,04,000 1,25,04,000
*Value of Perquisites (`) 96,000 96,000 96,000 96,000
Contribution to PF (`) 21,48,480 21,48,480 21,48,480 15,00,480
details of fixed component and performance linked 
incentives, along with the performance criteria;
- - - -
service contracts, notice period, severance fees; - - - -
stock option details, if any and whether issued at a 
discount as well as the period over which accrued 
and over which exercisable.
- - - -
Total 2,01,48,480 2,01,48,480 2,01,48,480 1,41,00,480
  * Value of perquisites include Telephone, vehicle expense etc.
 Sitting Fees & Commission paid to Non-executive Directors
 The Non-Executive Directors are paid sitting fees at the rate of *` 60,000/- for attending each meeting of the 
Board and Audit Committees and ` 20,000/- for attending each meeting of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee, Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, Stakeholders Relationship/ Shareholders/ Investor 
Grievance Committee respectively. 
 There has been no pecuniary relationship or transactions of the Non-Executive Directors with the Company.
 In respect of the financial year 2025-26 the sitting fees paid/payable to the Non-Executive Directors are as 
detailed below.
(In `)
Name Total Sitting fees paid
Shri Deepak R. Shah 7,40,000
Shri Yogen S. Lathia 5,20,000
Shri Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla 5,00,000
Shri Rahul Gautam Divan 7,40,000
Smt. Jasvanti Patel 4,40,000
Shri. Gurudas Aras 4,80,000
Shri. Paras K Savla 2,60,000

===== PAGE 64 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
63
Name Total Commission Paid
Shri Deepak R. Shah 7.55,000
Shri Yogen S. Lathia 5,66,250
Shri Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla 4,20,000
Shri Rahul Gautam Divan 7,55,000
Smt. Jasvanti Patel 4,20,000
Shri. Gurudas Aras 4,20,000
Shri. Paras Savla 1,88,750
iii. Stakeholders Relationship Committee:
 Brief Description of Terms of Reference:
 The Composition of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee is in compliance with provision of Section 178 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 20 of the Listing Regulation. The brief terms of reference of the 
Committee are as follows:
 a. Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the listed entity including complaints related to 
transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt of annual report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of 
new/duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.
 b. Review of measures taken for effective exercise of voting rights by shareholders.
 c. Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services 
being rendered by the Registrar & Share Transfer Agent.
 d. Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of 
unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by 
the shareholders of the company.
 e. Resolving grievances of debenture holders related to creation of charge, payment of interest/principal, 
maintenance of security cover and any other covenants.
  Stakeholder’s Relationship Committee Meeting of the Company was held on May 26, 2025 during the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026.
  The Composition of Stakeholders Relationship Committee of the Board comprises of 4 (four) members 
and the details are given below:-
Sl. 
No
Name of the Stakeholders 
Relationship  
Committee Member
Category of Directorship Status Number of 
SRC Meetings 
held and 
attended 
during the 
Year
No. of 
Meetings 
Attended
26-05-2025
1. Shri. Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla Non-Executive Director – 
Independent
Chairman  1/1
2. Shri Hiren M. Shah Executive Chairman Member  1/1
3. Shri Bharat M. Shah Managing Director Member - 0/1
4. Shri Viraj M. Shah Managing Director Member  1/1
 Name & Designation of Compliance Officer:
 Ms. Anuradha Tendulkar
 Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

===== PAGE 65 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
64
 A statement of various complaints received and redressed by the Company during the year financial ended 
March 31, 2026 is given below:
Number of Investors’ 
Complaint pending at 
the beginning of the 
year
Number of Investors’ 
Complaint received 
during the year
Number of Investors’ 
Complaints disposed 
of during the year
Number of complaints 
not solved to the 
satisfaction of 
shareholders;
Number of Investors’ 
Complaints remaining 
unresolved at the end 
of the year
NIL 3 3 NIL NIL
 Compliance Certificate
 Compliance Certificate for Corporate Governance from Statutory Auditors of the Company is annexed to this 
report.
iv. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
 The Board of Directors of the Company has constituted Corporate Social Responsibility Committee in line with 
the provisions of Section 135 and Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 and Companies (Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014.
 Brief description of Terms of Reference:
 To formulate and recommend to the Board, a Corporate Social Responsibility Policy which shall indicate 
the activities to be undertaken by the company as specified in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 to 
recommend the amount of expenditure to be incurred on the activities; and monitor the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Policy of the Company from time to time.
 Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Meeting of the Company was held on May 26, 2025, during the 
financial year 2025-26.
 The Composition of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the Board comprises of 3 (three) members 
and the details of meetings attended by its members are given below:
Sl. 
No
Name of the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee 
Member
Category of 
Directorship
Status Number of CSR 
Meetings held 
and attended 
during the Year
No. of 
Meetings 
Attended
May 26, 2025
1. Shri. Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla Non-Executive Director 
– Independent 
Chairman  1/1
2. Shri Hiren M. Shah Executive Chairman Member  1/1
3. Shri Viraj M. Shah Managing Director Member  1/1
v. Risk Management Committee
 The Risk Management Committee is responsible for formulating a Risk Management Policy which shall indicate 
the procedure and measures to be taken to identify and minimize the risks impacting the Company’s business; 
to recommend the Board members about risk assessment and minimization procedure; and to monitor the 
implementation of recommendations made by committee to the Board.
 The role of the committee shall, inter alia, include the following:
 (1) To formulate a detailed risk management policy which shall include:
  (a) A framework for identification of internal and external risks specifically faced by the listed entity, 
in particular including financial, operational, sectoral, sustainability (particularly, ESG related risks), 
information, cyber security risks or any other risk as may be determined by the Committee.
  (b) Measures for risk mitigation including systems and processes for internal control of identified risks. (c) 
Business continuity plan.

===== PAGE 66 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
65
 (2) To ensure that appropriate methodology, processes and systems are in place to monitor and evaluate risks 
associated with the business of the Company;
 (3) To monitor and oversee implementation of the risk management policy, including evaluating the adequacy 
of risk management systems;
 (4) To periodically review the risk management policy, at least once in two years, including by considering the 
changing industry dynamics and evolving complexity;
 (5) To keep the board of directors informed about the nature and content of its discussions, recommendations 
and actions to be taken;
 (6) The appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if any) shall be subject 
to review by the Risk Management Committee. The Risk Management Committee shall coordinate its 
activities with other committees, in instances where there is any overlap with activities of such committees, 
as per the framework laid down by the board of directors.
 The Risk Management Committee of the Board comprises of 1 (One) Executive Director and 2(Two) Non-
executive Director of the Company:-
Name of the Risk Management 
Committee Member
Category of Directorship Number of RMC 
Meetings held 
and attended 
during the Year
Status
Shri Rahul Gautam Divan Non-Executive - Independent Director  N.A. Chairman
Shri. Deepak Rameshchandra Shah Non-Executive - Non Independent Director N.A. Member
Shri. Purav H. Shah Executive Director, CEO & Chief Financial 
Officer (CFO)
N.A. Member
Shri. Rishabh Viraj Shah President N.A. Member
 Shri. Rishabh Viraj Shah is one of the member of Risk Management Committee, but he is not an Director, He is 
president in the Company.
vi. Senior Management
 The senior management personnel of the company as on 31st March,2026 are as under:
Sr. 
No
Name Designation
1 Mr. Rishab V. Shah President 
2 Mr. Pranav Y. Koradia Marketing Manager Sales
3 Mr. Yash V. Dhuru Accounts Head
4 Mr. Ashish Date Vice President (Sales)
5 Mr. Pankaj Subhedar Chaturvedi General Manager
4. Independent Directors Meeting:
 In a separate meeting of independent directors held on 27th February,2026, performance of non-independent 
directors, performance of the board as a whole and performance of the Chairman was reviewed and evaluated, 
taking into account the views of executive directors and non-executive directors. The same was discussed in 
the board meeting that followed the meeting of the independent directors.

===== PAGE 67 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
66
5. General Body Meetings:
 a) The details of Annual General Meetings held in last three years are as under:-
AGM DAY DATE TIME VENUE Details of the Special Resolutions
109th Tuesday September, 
09, 2025
 5.00 PM Through Video 
Conferencing 
(VC)/ Other  
Audio Visual 
Means (OAVM)
1. Appointment of Shri Rahul 
Gautam Divan (DIN :00001178) 
as an independent director of the 
company in terms of section 149 of 
the companies act 2013 for a second 
term of five consecutive years.
108th Friday September, 
20, 2024
 4.30 PM Through Audio 
or Video 
conferencing 
NO
107th Wednesday September 
27, 2023
4.00 pm AGM held 
physically at the 
Registered Office 
of the Company 
at Ruby House, 
Lobby level, 29, 
Senapati Bapat 
Marg, Dadar, 
Mumbai-400028
1. Re-appointment of Shri. Hiren M. Shah 
(DIN: 00071077) who will attain the 
age of seventy years as the Executive 
Chairman of the Company for a 
period of five years with effect from 
1st April 2024 up to 31 st March 2029 
and approval of his remuneration for 
a period of three years with effect 
from 1 st April 2024 up to 31 st March 
2027.
2. Re-appointment of Shri. Bharat 
M. Shah (DIN: 00071248) as the 
Managing Director of the Company 
for a period of five years with 
effect from 1 st April 2024 up to  
31st March 2029 and approval of his 
remuneration for a period of three 
years with effect from 1 st April 2024 
up to 31st March 2027.
3. Re-appointment of Shri. Viraj 
M. Shah (DIN: 00071616) as the 
Managing Director of the Company 
for a period of five years with 
effect from 1st April 2024 up to  
31st March 2029 and approval of his 
remuneration for a period of three 
years with effect from 1 st April 2024 
up to 31st March 2027.
4. Continuation of term of Shri. Shardul 
Thacker (DIN: 00153001) as an 
Independent Director, Non-Executive 
Director due to attainment of age of 
75 years.
 b) The details of Extra-Ordinary General Meeting held during the year is as under:-
Extra-
Ordinary 
General 
Meeting
DAY DATE TIME VENUE Details of the Special Resolutions
Thursday March 
26,2026
 3:30 PM Through Video 
Conferencing (VC)/Other  
Audio Visual Means 
(OAVM)
1. Appointment of Shri Paras K. Savla 
(Din: 00516639) as an Independent 
Director of the Company
 a. Whether special resolutions were put through postal ballot last year? Yes
 b. Are special resolutions proposed to be put through postal ballot this year? No

===== PAGE 68 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
67
6. Resolutions passed through Postal Ballot
 During the year FY-2025-2026, members of the company approved the following resolution by requisite 
majority, through postal ballot.
Date of  
Postal Ballot
Resolution passed 
through postal ballot 
Votes in favour/ 
against the resolution  
(% of total number of valid votes
Approval  
date
Date of 
Scrutizer’s 
Report
30th April,2025 Re-appointment of  
Mrs. Jasvanti Amar Patel 
as an Independent Director 
(DIN: 08717159)
Voting in Favour: 99.9905% 2nd June, 
2025
2nd June, 
2025Voting against: 0.0095%
 Procedure adopted for Postal Ballot
 The Postal Ballot was carried out as per provisions with Sections 108 and 110 of the Act, read with Rules 20 and 
22 of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014.
 Saurabh Agarwal (Membership No. F9290), Designated Partner of M/s. MMJB & Associates LLP acted as 
Scrutinizer for conducting the postal ballot in a fair and transparent manner. Voting Results are available on 
the website of stock exchange and company.
7. Familiarisation Programme
 The Policy on the Company’s Familiarisation Programme for Independent Directors can be accessed at  
https:/ /www.rubymills.com/uploads/investor-reports/1605936382_familiarisation%20Programme.pdf.
8. Disclosures
 a. Disclosure regarding materially significant related party transactions :
  The Board has approved a policy for related party transactions which has been uploaded on the website of 
the Company (Weblink: https:/ /www.rubymills.com/uploads/investor-reports/1963025575_Final-Policy-
on-Related-Party- Transactions-RML.pdf). There were no materially significant related party transactions 
during the year that may have potential conflict with the interest of the Company.
  All the transactions with related parties are periodically placed before the Audit Committee.
  Transactions with the related parties are disclosed in the notes to the accounts forming part of this Annual 
Report.
 b. Details of non-compliance by the listed entity, penalties, strictures imposed on the listed entity by stock 
exchange(s) or the board or any statutory authority, on any matter related to capital markets, during the 
last three years :  None
 c. Whistle blower and Vigil Mechanism policy:
  The Company has put in place a mechanism of reporting illegal or unethical behaviour. Employees are 
free to report violations of laws, rules, regulations or unethical conduct to their immediate supervisor/
notified persons. The reports received from any employee will be reviewed by the Audit Committee. It is 
affirmed that no person has been denied access to the Audit Committee in this respect. The Directors and 
senior management are to maintain confidentiality of such reporting and ensure that the whistle blowers 
are not subjected to any discriminatory practice. The said policy has been also put up on the website 
of the Company at the following link- https:/ /www.rubymills.com/uploads/investor-reports/1255509256_
Microsoft-Word-WBP-Final.pdf.

===== PAGE 69 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
68
 d. Details of compliance with mandatory requirements and adoption of the non-mandatory requirements :
  The Company has complied with all the mandatory requirements of corporate governance under SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.. The status of compliance in respect 
of non-mandatory requirement the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 is as follows:
  i. Maintenance of the Chairman’s Office:
   The Company has an Executive Chairman and the office provided to him for performing his executive 
duties is also utilized by him for discharging his duties as Chairman. No separate office is maintained 
for the Non-Executive Chairman of the Audit Committee but Secretarial and other assistance is 
provided to him whenever needed, in performance of his duties.
  ii. Shareholders’ Rights:
   Un-audited quarterly financial results are sent to the stock exchanges and published in the newspapers 
as per the SEBI (Listing Obligations Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
  iii. Modified opinion(s) in audit report: 
   There are no qualifications in the Auditor’s Report on the financial statements to the Shareholders of 
the Company.
  iv. Reporting of internal auditor: 
   The Internal Auditor directly reports to the Audit Committee.
 e. Web link where policy for determining ‘material’ subsidiaries is disclosed:
  The Company does not have any material subsidiary as on date.
 f. Hedging of Risk:
  Company is not having material exposure to foreign exchange and there is a natural hedging party available 
in terms of exports made by the Company.
  In respect of price risk of raw materials used for manufacturing purpose the same is taken care of as per 
industry requirement.
 g. Preferential Allotment
  There has been no preferential allotment or qualified institutions placement done by the Company during 
the financial year.
8. Disclosures of the Compliances:
 The Company has disclosed about the Compliance of regulations in respect of Corporate Governance under 
the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
on its website i.e. https:/ /www.rubymills.com/investors
9. CEO/CFO Certification:
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have issued necessary certificate in accordance with 
Regulation 17(8) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulation, 2015 for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 and the same is annexed and forms part of the 
Annual Report.

===== PAGE 70 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
69
10. Declaration regarding Code of Conduct:
 Board has laid down a Code of Conduct and Ethics for all Board Members and Senior Management Personnel 
of the Company. The code has been circulated to all the Board Members and senior management and the same 
is available on the Company’s website at the following link - https:/ /www.rubymills.com/uploads/investor-
reports/1295448934_Code-of-Conduct.pdf . All Board Members and Senior Management Personnel have 
affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct during the Financial Year 2025-26. Declaration by CEO is 
annexed and forms part of the Annual Report.
11. Number of shares or convertible instruments of the Non- executive Directors in the Company:-
Sr. No. Name of Non-Executive Director No. of Shares Held
a) Shri. Deepak R. Shah Nil
b) *Shri. Yogen S. Lathia 3,200
c) Shri Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla 2,000
d) Smt. Jasvanti Amar Patel Nil
e) Shri. Rahul Gautam Divan Nil
f) Shri.Paras K. Savla Nil
 *Shri Yogen S. Lathia, Independent Non-Executive Director, has completed his second term of reappointment 
as an Independent Director, contributing his valuable experience as on 28th December, 2025.
12. Means of Communication Quarterly results:
 The quarterly, half yearly and annual results of the Company are published in newspapers viz The Financial 
Express and in Navshakti for the quarter ended, June 30, 2025, September 30, 2025, December 31, 2025 and 
March 31, 2026 respectively for the Financial Year 2025-26.
13. Website:
 In compliance with Regulation 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements)Regulations, 2015, the Company is maintaining a website i.e. https:/ /rubymills.com/
investors , containing financial information, news releases, corporate shareholding pattern, compliance with 
corporate governance, contact information of the designated officials of the company who are responsible 
for assisting and handling investor grievances. The company updates the contents of the website on a regular 
basis. Further, there are no presentations made to institutional investors or to the analysts.
14. General Shareholder Information
 a. Annual General Meeting to be held :
  Day, date, time and venue
  Day   : Thursday
  Date  : 24th September
  Time  : 4:30 pm
  Venue  : Through VC/OAVM
  The Annual General Meeting shall be held electronically/physically at the aforementioned venue.

===== PAGE 71 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
70
 b. Calendar of Financial Year: 2025-26:
  The Company follows April- March as the financial year.
First Quarterly Unaudited Results Within 45 days of the end of the quarter
Second Quarterly Unaudited Results Within 45 days of the end of the quarter
Third Quarterly Unaudited Results Within 45 days of the end of the quarter
Audited Yearly Results for the Year Ended 31st March, 2026. On or before May 30, 2026.
 c. Dividend Payment Date:
  The Board recommended a final dividend in its Board meeting held on 28th May,2026 at the rate of 50% 
i.e. of ` 2.5 (Two Rupee and fifty paisa) per share on 3,34,40,000 equity shares of ` 5/- each aggregating 
to ` 836.00 Lakh ,subject to TDS. The proposal is subject to the approval of Shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting.
 d. Listing on Stock Exchanges at:
  The Equity Shares of the Company are listed at
i. BSE Limited - Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001
ii. National Stock Exchange of India Ltd - Exchange Plaza, C-1, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051
  Note: Listing fees have been paid to the above Stock Exchanges for the year 2025-26 were also paid in the month of 
April, 2025.
 e. Registrar to issue and Share Transfer Agents :
  Bigshare Services Private Limited
  S6-2, 6 th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park,
  Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri East,
  Mumbai : 400093
  Email : investor@bigshareonline.com
  Ph. No.: 022 6263 8200
  Fax No.: 022 6263 8299
  The Company has engaged the services of Bigshare Services Private Limited, a SEBI registered Registrar 
as its Share Transfer Agents for processing the transfers, sub-division, consolidation, Splitting of Securities, 
etc. The requests for transfers, sub-division, consolidation, splitting of securities, demat and remat should 
be sent directly to Bigshare Services Private Limited Shareholders have the option to open their accounts 
with either NSDL or CDSL as the Company has entered into Agreements with both these Depositories.
 f. Share Transfer System:
  Pursuant to Regulation 40 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended, securities of listed entities can 
be transferred only in dematerialised form, with effect from 1st April 2019. Accordingly, transfers of equity 
shares held in electronic form are affected through the depositories, and there is no involvement of the 
Company in such transfers. Any Director of the Company or the Company Secretary is authorised to 
approve transfers, wherever applicable.
  Further, pursuant to SEBI circular dated 25th January 2022, securities of the Company shall be issued 
in dematerialised form only while processing service requests in relation to issue of duplicate securities 
certificate, renewal/exchange of securities certificate, endorsement, sub-division/splitting of securities 
certificate, consolidation of securities certificates/folios, transmission, and transposition of securities.
 g. In case the securities are suspended from trading, the directors report shall explain the reason thereof: 
Not applicable

===== PAGE 72 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
71
 h. Secretarial Audit for Reconciliation of Share Capital:
  A qualified Practicing Company Secretary carried out the Secretarial Audit to reconcile the total admitted 
equity capital with National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and the Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited (CDSL) and the total issued/paid-up listed equity capital of the Company.
  The Secretarial Audit Report confirms that the total issued/paid-up capital is in agreement with the total 
number of shares in physical form and the dematerialisation form.
 i. Outstanding GDRs / ADRs / Warrants or any Convertible instruments and their impact on equity
  The Company does not have any outstanding GDRs / ADRs / warrants /convertible instruments.
 j. Distribution of Share holding
  i. The shareholding distribution of equity shares as of March 31, 2026 is given below:
Sr. 
No.
Range (In Shares) Total  
Holders
% of Total 
Holders
Shares Percentage of 
shareholding
1 1-500 11458 89.63 967214 2.90
2 501-1000 557 4.36 436960 1.3
3 1001-2000 348 2.72 525455 1.5
4 2001-3000 97 0.75 244904 0.73
5 3001-4000 65 0.50 237036 0.70
6 4001-5000 57 0.44 261827 0.78
7 5001-10000 96 0.75 682448 2.04
8 10001-9999999999 105 0.82 30084156 89.96
TOTAL 12783 33440000 100
  ii. Shareholding pattern as on March 31, 2026.
Sr. 
No.
Category No. of  
Shares held
% of  
Share holding
1 Promoters/Directors/Directors Relative 2,50,47,640 74.90
2 Resident Individuals 61,84,133 18.49
3 Private Corporate Bodies 14,10,825 4.22
4 NRIs 2,19,924 0.66
5 Clearing Members 9,925 0.030
6 IEPF 26,444 0.079
7 Foreign Portfolio Investors (Category – I) 373 0.0011
8 HUF  5,40,736 1.62
TOTAL 3,34,40,000 100
 k. Dematerialisation of equity Shares
  The Company’s shares are compulsorily traded in dematerialized form and are available for trading on 
both the Depositories in India viz., National Securities Depository Ltd. (‘NSDL’) and Central Depository 
Services (India) Ltd. (‘CDSL’). 3,33,59,720 Shares representing 99.76% of the issued capital are held in the 
dematerialized as on 31st March 2026. 
 l. Plant Locations (Manufacturing Units)
Dhamni Unit Address Kharsundi Address
Village Dhamni 
Off. Savroli Kharpada Road, 
Taluka Khalapur Dist. Raigad. Pin: 410202
Village Kharsundi 
Savroli Kharpada Road 
Taluka Khalapur 
Dist. Raigad. Pin: 410202

===== PAGE 73 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
72
 m. Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities :
  The Company does not carry out any commodity hedging activities and is not exposed to commodity to 
commodity risks.
 n. Address for Correspondence
  Any query on Annual Report or Investors Grievance Redressal:
  By email: info@rubymills.com
  By telephone: 022-24387800
 o. Investor Correspondence
For shares held in physical form For shares held in Demat form
Bigshare Services Private Limited
S6-2, 6th Floor, Pinnacle Business Park,
Next to Ahura Centre, Mahakali Caves Road, Andheri East,
Mumbai : 400093
Email : investor@bigshareonline.com
Ph. No.: 022 6263 8200
Fax No.: 022 6263 8299
Investors’ concerned Depository 
Participant(s) and/or Bigshare Services 
Private Limited
 p. Unclaimed Dividends
  Section 124 of the Companies Act, 2013 mandates that companies transfer dividend that has been 
unclaimed for a period of seven years from the unpaid dividend account to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund (IEPF). In accordance with the following schedule, the dividend for the years mentioned 
as follows, if unclaimed within a period of seven years, will be transferred to IEPF.
Financial Year Date of declaration of dividend Dividend (%) Dividend Per 
Share in Rs.*
Amount (Rs.)
2018-19 September 20, 2019 35 1.75 88,234.00
2019-20 February 13,2020 35 1.75 72,302.00
2020-21 August 13, 2021 15 0.75 24,501.00
2021-22 September 23, 2022 60 3 1,65,559.00
2022-23 September 27, 2023 60 3 1,50,510.00
2023-24 September 20, 2024 60 1.75 2,14,051.00
2024-25 September 09,2025 35 1.75 1,75,880.00
  * Share of paid - up value of ` 5/- each
  # Amount unclaimed as at March 31, 2026
  Members who have so far not encashed their dividend warrants/DD are requested to write to the Company/
Registrar to claim the same, to avoid transfer to IEPF. 
  Members are also requested to note that in accordance to Section 124(6) of the Act read with the IEPF 
Rules, as amended, all the shares in respect of which dividend has remained unpaid/unclaimed for seven 
consecutive years or more are required to be transferred to an IEPF Demat Account. Hence members 
who have so far not encashed dividend warrant for the aforesaid years are requested to approach the 
Company’s Registrar and Transfer Agent immediately. 
  Members are requested to note that no claims shall lie against the Company in respect of unclaimed 
dividend amount and/or shares transferred to IEPF Authority pursuant to the said Rules. For the 
information of shareholders, the Company regularly uploads the details of unpaid and unclaimed dividend 
on the website of the Company, as mandated by Investor Education and Protection Fund (Uploading of 
information regarding Unpaid and Unclaimed amount lying with Companies) Rules, 2012. Shareholders 
may refer the same for information pertaining to their unclaimed dividends.
 q. Credit rating:
  During the financial year, the Company has obtained credit rating and there is also upgrade in rating from 
‘IND BBB’’ to ‘IND BBB+’

===== PAGE 74 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
73
15. Certification from Company Secretary in practice
 Certificate from M/s Vikas R. Chomal & Associates, Practising Company Secretaries confirming that none 
of the directors on the board of the company have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or 
continuing as directors of companies by Securities and Exchange Board of India/Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
or any such statutory authority, is annexed and forms part of the Report on Corporate Governance.
16. Recommendation of any committee of the board:
 During the year 2025-26, the Board of the Directors have accepted all the recommendations made by the 
committee to the Board of Directors.
17. Disclosure by listed entity and its subsidiaries of ‘Loans and advances in the nature of loans to firms/
companies in which directors are interested by name and amount :
 During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries have not made any loans and advances (in the nature of 
loans) to firms/companies during the year in which Directors are interested.
18. Details of material subsidiaries of the listed entity; including the date and place of incorporation and the 
name and date of appointment of the statutory auditors of such subsidiaries :
 The Newly incorporated subsidiaries are not material subsidiary as on date.
 During the year, the company has incorporated following wholly-owned Subsidiary companies
 • Ruby Greentech K Private Limited Company on 18th March,2026 in Mumbai.
 • Ruby Greentech T Private Limited Company on 18th March,2026 in Mumbai.
 Ruby Greentech K Private Limited has been Incorporated to engage in business of water and effluent treatment 
plants and Ruby Greentech T Private Limited company has been Incorporated to engage in the business of 
renewable power generation and distribution.
 S Sagar & Co. was appointed as Statutory Auditor of Ruby Greentech K Private Limited and Ruby Greentech T 
Private Limited w.e.f 06.04.2026.
19. Remuneration to Statutory Auditors
 M/s. CNK & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration No. 101961W/W-100036) the 
Company’s Statutory Auditor, is responsible for performing an independent audit of the Financial Statements 
and expressing an opinion on the conformity of those financial statements with accounting principles generally 
accepted in India.
 As required under Regulation 34 read with Part C of the Schedule V of the Listing Regulations, the total fees 
paid by the Company to the statutory auditor and all entities in the network firm / entity of which the statutory 
auditor is a part is ` 21 Lakhs.
20. Disclosure Under The Sexual Harassment Of Women At Workplace Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal)  
Act, 2013
 Your Company has zero tolerance for sexual harassment at its workplace and has adopted a policy on 
prevention, prohibition and redressal of sexual harassment at the workplace in line with the provisions of the 
Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 and the rules 
made there under for prevention and redressal of complaints of sexual harassment at workplace. The Company 
also has an Internal Committee comprising of two male and two female members. During the year under 
review:-
  a) Number of complaints filed during the financial year : NIL
  b) Number of complaints disposed of during the financial year : NIL
  c) Number of complaints pending as on end of the financial year: NIL

===== PAGE 75 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
74
21. The disclosures of the compliance with corporate governance requirements specified in regulation 17 to 27 
and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2) of regulation 46 have been included in this corporate governance 
report
22. Though at present the Company does not comply with some of the discretionary requirements under Part E 
of Schedule II of Listing Regulations, the Company is committed towards complying with Listing Regulations 
as a whole and will take suitable measures as and when appropriate.
23. Disclosures with respect to demat suspense account/ unclaimed suspense account.
 The Company does not have any equity shares in the suspense account.
24. Disclosure of certain types of agreements binding listed entities
 There were no such agreements binding the company during the Financial Year 2025-2026.

===== PAGE 76 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
75
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S CERTIFICATE ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
To,
The Members,
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
Ruby House, J. K. Sawant Marg, 
Dadar West, Mumbai – 400 028.
1. We, C N K Associates & LLP have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by  
The Ruby Mills Limited (“the Company”) for the year ended on March 31, 2026, as stipulated in Regulations 
17 to 27, clauses (b) to (i) of Regulation 46(2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended 
from time to time (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) pursuant to the Listing Agreement of the Company with Stock 
Exchanges.
Management’s Responsibility
2. The compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance is the responsibility of the management of the 
Company including the preparation and maintenance of all relevant supporting records and documents. 
This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control and procedures 
to ensure the compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in the SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Auditor’s Responsibility
3. Pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Regulations, our responsibility is to express a reasonable assurance 
in the form of an opinion as to whether the Company has complied with the conditions of corporate governance 
as stated in paragraph 1 above. Our examination was limited to procedures and implementation thereof, 
adopted by the Company for ensuring compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither 
an audit nor an expression of opinion on the Financial Statements of the Company.
4. We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the 
Company for the purpose of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance 
requirements by the Company.
5. We conducted our examination of the relevant records of the Company in accordance with the Guidance Note 
on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes, Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance, both 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”) and the Standards on Auditing specified 
under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate. 
The Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes requires that we comply with the ethical 
requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.
6. We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, 
Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other 
Assurance and Related Services Engagements.
Opinion
7. Based on our examination of the relevant records and according to the information and explanations given 
to us and the representations provided by the Management, we certify that the Company has complied with 
the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in the above – mentioned SEBI Listing Regulations as 
applicable during the year ended March 31, 2026.
8. We state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the 
efficiency or effectiveness with which the Management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Restrictions on use
9. The certificate is addressed and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the 
Company to comply with the requirement of the SEBI listing Regulations and should not be used by any other 
person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for 
any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come 
without our prior consent in writing.
For C N K Associates & LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No.101961W/W100036
Rajesh Mody
Partner
Membership No. 047501
Place: Mumbai UDIN: 26047501UKLGNB5717
Date: May 28, 2026 Certificate Ref. No.: REF/CERT/C/172/26-27

===== PAGE 77 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
76
Annexure (i) 
CEO & CFO Certificate under Regulation 33 of SEBI  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
To,
The Board of Directors of
The Ruby Mills Limited
I hereby certified that,
A. I have reviewed the Audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) along with Audit report for the 
quarter and year ended on March 31, 2026 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:
 1. These statements do not contain any materially untrue, misleading statement or figures or omit any 
material fact or contain statements that might be misleading;
 2. These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance 
with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
B. There are, to the best of my knowledge and belief no transactions entered into by the listed entity during 
the quarter and year ended on March 31, 2026 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of Company’s Code of 
Conduct.
C. I accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and I have 
evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to Financial Reporting and 
I have disclosed to the Auditors and the Audit Committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of internal 
controls if any, of which I am aware and the steps I have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
D. I have indicated to the Auditors and the Audit Committee:
 i. that there are no significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the quarter and 
year ended on March 31, 2026.
 ii. that there are no significant changes in accounting policies during the quarter; and that the same have 
been disclosed in the Notes to the Financial Statements and
 iii. that there are no instances of significant fraud of which I became aware and the involvement there in if 
any, of the Management or an employee having a significant role in the company’s internal control system 
over financial reporting.
For The Ruby Mills Limited
Mr. Purav Hiren Shah
Whole Time Director, CEO & CFO
DIN -00123460
Date: 28th May, 2026 Address: Ruby House, J.K. Sawant Marg,
Place: Mumbai Dadar (W), Mumbai-400028

===== PAGE 78 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
77
Annexure ii
CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
(Pursuant to Regulation 34 (3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of SEBI  
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To 
The Members,
The Ruby Mills Limited
We, Vikas R. Chomal And Associates, Practicing Company Secretaries, hereby certify pursuant to the provisions 
of Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 that for the Financial Year ended 31st March, 2026, none of the 
following Directors of THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED, viz.:
1. Mr. Hiren M. Shah - Director
2. Mr. Viraj Manharlal Shah - Managing Director
3. Mr. Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla - Independent Director
4. Mr. Purav Hiren Shah - Whole-time director, CEO and CFO
5. Mr. Deepak Rameshchandra Shah - Director
6. Mr. Rahul Gautam Divan - Independent Director
7. Mr. Bharat Manharlal Shah - Managing Director
8. Mrs. Jasvanti Amar Patel - Independent Director
9. Mr. Paras Khimji Savla - Independent Director
10. Mr. Gurudas Vishwas Aras - Independent Director
have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) or the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) or any such statutory authority.
For Vikas R. Chomal & Associates
Practicing Company Secretaries
Vikas R. Chomal
Proprietor
FCS No. 11623
COP. No. 12133
ICSI UDIN: F011623H000513278
ICSI Firm Peer Review Reg. No: S2013MH216500 
Date: 28th May, 2026
Place: Thane

===== PAGE 79 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
78
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
To,
The Members,
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
Ruby House, J. K. Sawant Marg, 
Dadar West, Mumbai – 400 028.
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Standalone Financial Statements of The Ruby Mills Limited (“the Company”), 
which comprise the Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other comprehensive Income), Standalone statement of changes in equity and Standalone statement 
of cash flows for the year then ended and notes to the Standalone Financial Statements, including a summary of 
material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “ Standalone Financial 
Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
Standalone Financial Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the 
manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed 
under Section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, 
(“Ind AS”) and the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at 
March 31, 2026, the profit and other Comprehensive Income, changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended 
on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described 
in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements’ section of our report. We 
are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other 
ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the 
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the Standalone 
Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
Standalone Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the Standalone Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters 
to be communicated in our report.
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matters How the matter was addressed in our audit
1. Information Technology (IT) Systems and controls 
over financial reporting.
Our audit procedures included the following:
During the FY 2022-23 Company has migrated to 
a new Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system 
for some of its processes. The Company, thus, uses 
different IT systems for different functions and 
processes;
- Performing a walk-through of the new ERP 
system for the processes for which it was 
implemented;

===== PAGE 80 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
79
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matters How the matter was addressed in our audit
Financial accounting and reporting systems are 
fundamentally reliant on IT systems and IT controls, 
including the existence, completeness on an audit 
trail (edit log), to process significant transaction 
volumes, specifically with respect to revenue and raw 
material consumption. Also, due to large transaction 
volumes and the increasing challenge to protect the 
integrity of the Company’s systems and data, cyber 
security has become more significant;
Since the new ERP system is not fully implemented, 
manual intervention is also required for financial 
accounting and reporting for which proper control 
is required;
Automated accounting procedures and IT 
environment controls, which include IT governance, 
IT general controls over program development 
and changes, access to program and data and IT 
operations, IT application controls and interfaces 
between IT applications are required to be designed 
and to operate effectively to ensure accurate 
financial reporting;
Therefore, IT system and controls over financial 
reporting is identified as a KAM.
- Assessment of design and implementation of 
the Company’s control over the different IT 
systems especially those related to financial 
reporting;
- Evaluated the operating effectiveness of IT 
general controls, including the existence, 
completeness on an audit trail (edit log), over 
program development and changes, access to 
program and data and IT operations;
- Assessment of manual controls wherever 
implemented for proper financial accounting 
and reporting;
- Performed inquiry procedures with the IT team 
of the Company in respect of the overall security 
architecture and any key threats addressed by 
the Company in the current year;
- Evaluated the operating effectiveness of IT 
application controls in the key processes 
impacting financial reporting of the Company;
- Assessed the operating effectiveness of controls 
relating to data transmission through the 
different IT systems to the financial reporting 
systems;
- Extending scope of our substantive audit 
procedures, wherever manual controls are being 
used to integrate the various IT systems which 
affect financial reporting.
2 Development agreement / settlement agreement Audit procedures followed by us include:
- In an earlier year, the Company entered into 
a Development Agreement (“DA”) with a 
developer whereby the Company granted 
the development rights to develop a Tower 
(“Development Rights”) on 12,204 square 
meters out of its Freehold Land at Dadar; During 
the year the same was terminated through the 
settlement agreement via mediation.
- We identified DA/SA as a KAM since:
- As per the DA, cost of construction incurred by 
the Company for the development of property 
covered under the DA agreement is reimbursed 
by developer. The Company has incurred huge 
amount of expenses and borrowings for the 
Construction of the property which has resulted 
in the significant amount receivable from the 
developer;
- Understanding of the arrangement entered for 
Development of the property and of various 
terms of DA and amendments thereto;
- Co–relation of terms of DA with entries made 
in the books of account by the Company for 
accounting of income and amounts receivable 
from the developer;
- Review of procedures followed / steps taken by 
the Company / developer for obtaining approval 
from the competent authorities;

===== PAGE 81 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
80
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matters How the matter was addressed in our audit
- The amount receivable from the developer 
represents a major portion of the total assets of 
the Company;
- Recoverability of the said amount is based on 
market demand since Occupancy  (OC) for all 
floors was received only in FY 2021-22;
- During the year settlement agreement executed 
via mediation and settlement effected by 
determining the share of the developer in terms 
of area in the unsold areas by handing over 
same to the developer.
- Refer Note No. 13 and 21 to the accompanying 
Standalone Financial Statements.
- Review of legal opinion/s taken by the Company 
and decision taken on that basis or management 
judgements / estimates for outcome of disputes 
arising on account of DA;
- Obtaining of balance confirmation from 
developer at each period end / year end;
- Assessment of recoverability of outstanding 
amount from developer based on:
o Valuation determined by the management 
based on the market trend and most recent sale 
transaction for the sale of property; and
o Sharing arrangement entered between the 
Company and developer for sharing of gross 
revenue arising from the property/ Tower 
covered under DA.
o Understanding the arrangement via settlement 
agreement to determine the effects on the 
recognition, measurement, presentation 
and disclosure in the Standalone financial 
statements.
o Review of legal opinions taken by the company 
and decision taken on that basis or management 
judgements/ estimates for effect of the 
said settlement via mediation under various 
applicable laws & regulations.
3 Litigations, Provisions and Contingent Liabilities Audit procedures followed by us include:
The Company has various pending litigations which 
include litigation on account of Income Tax, Indirect 
Taxes, real estate and related activities, FEMA etc. 
the outcome of which is uncertain and requires 
significant judgement;
Refer Note No. 35 and 56(a) to the accompanying 
Standalone Financial Statements.
- Obtaining from the management, details of 
matter under dispute including ongoing and 
completed litigations and outstanding demands 
for the year ended March 31, 2026;
- Evaluation and testing of the design of internal 
controls followed by the Company relating to 
litigations, open tax positions for direct and 
indirect taxes and other matters and process 
followed to decide provisioning for the said 
liabilities or disclosure as Contingent Liabilities;
- Reading orders, key correspondence, external 
legal opinions / consultations by management 
for key legal disputes;
- Discussing with appropriate senior management 
and evaluating management’s underlying key 
assumptions in estimating the likely demand/ 
possible outcome of the various litigations.

===== PAGE 82 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
81
Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Company’s management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information 
comprises the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report including Annexures 
to Board’s Report, Corporate Governance Report, but does not include the Standalone Financial Statements and 
our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of 
the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are 
required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Standalone Financial Statements
The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in Section 134(5) of 
the Act with respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view 
of the financial position, financial performance, total comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows of 
the Company in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, including 
the accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act. This responsibility also includes maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the 
Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Standalone 
Financial Statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error.
In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, Management and Board of Directors are responsible for assessing 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern 
and using the going concern basis of accounting unless Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company 
or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those Board of Directors are also responsible for overseeing the company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
1. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Financial Statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion.
 Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error 
and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Standalone Financial Statements.
2. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
 • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;

===== PAGE 83 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
82
 • Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, 
we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Company has adequate internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements in place and the operating effectiveness of 
such controls;
 • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by management and the Board of Directors;
 • Conclude on the appropriateness of Management and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of 
accounting in preparation of Standalone Financial Statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, 
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we 
are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Standalone Financial 
Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the 
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern;
 • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Standalone Financial Statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the Standalone Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
 Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements that, individually or 
in aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the 
Standalone Financial Statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative 
factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate 
the effect of any identified misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements;
3. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
4. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
5. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were 
of most significance in the audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of the current period and are therefore 
the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes 
public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter 
should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably 
be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government 
of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013, we give in the ‘ Annexure A’, a 
statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
2. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:
 (a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge 
and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;.
 (b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books except for the matters stated in paragraph 2(g)(vi) below 
on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014;

===== PAGE 84 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
83
 (c) The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive 
income), the Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity, and the Standalone Statement of Cash Flow 
dealt with by this report are in agreement with the relevant books of account;
 (d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015 as 
amended;
 (e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken on 
record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act;
 (f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial 
Statements of the Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report 
in “Annexure B”. Our report expresses modified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of 
the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements;
 (g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of 
the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our 
information and according to the explanations given to us:
  i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its Standalone 
Financial Statements – Refer Note 56(a) to the Standalone Financial Statements;
  ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there 
were any material foreseeable losses;
  iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education 
and Protection Fund by the Company.
  iv. a) The management has represented that, to the best of its’ knowledge and belief, no funds have 
been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other 
sources or kind of funds) by the Company to or in any other person or entity, including foreign 
entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that 
the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   b) The management has represented, that, to the best of its’ knowledge and belief, no funds have 
been received by the Company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the 
Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities identified 
in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or 
provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
   c) Based on such audit procedures that we have considered reasonable and appropriate in 
the circumstances; nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the 
representations under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under a) and b) above, 
contain any material misstatement.
  v. The Final dividend proposed in the previous year, declared and paid by the Company during the year 
is in accordance with Section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
   As stated in Note No. 24.2 of the Standalone financial statements, the Board of Directors of the 
Company have proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the members 
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is in accordance with 
section 123 of the Act, as applicable.

===== PAGE 85 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
84
  vi. The reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 is applicable from 
April 01, 2023.
   As per the requirements of rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts Rules 2014) & based on our 
examination, which included test checks, except in the inventory module, the Company uses 
accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, 
which has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every transaction creating an edit log of each 
change made in the books of account along with the date when such changes were made within such 
accounting software. This feature of recording audit trail has operated throughout the year except for 
changes made through specific access and for direct database changes. Further, during the course of 
our audit we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature being tampered with.
   As required under proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and based on 
our examination which included test checks except in case of inventory module the company has 
preserved the audit trial (edit logs) for the transactions recorded in previous years.
3. With respect to the matter to be included in the Auditors’ Report under Section 197(16) of the Act:
 In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the remuneration 
paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of  
the Act.
For C N K & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036
Rajesh Mody
Partner
Date: 28th May, 2026 Membership No.: 047501
Place: Mumbai UDIN:26047501TSBFOH8171

===== PAGE 86 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
85
ANNEXURE A TO INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
[Referred to in paragraph 1 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ in the Independent 
Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of The Ruby Mills Limited (“the Company”) on the Standalone 
Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2026]
To the best of our information and according to the explanations provided to us by the Company and the books of 
account and records examined by us in the normal course of audit, we state that;
i. In respect of the Company’s Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible assets
 a. (A) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details 
and situation of property, plant, and equipment.
  (B) The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
 b. The Company, as per a phased programme, undertakes physical verification of all the property, plant, 
and equipment once in three years which, in our opinion, is reasonable having regard to the size of 
the Company and nature of its assets. As per the programme, the Company had carried out physical 
verification of Property, Plant and Equipment in the Financial Year 2024-25;
 c. Based on our examination of the records of the Company provided and the confirmations from the banks 
provided to us, we report that, the title deeds of immovable properties (other than properties where 
the Company is the lessee and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of lessee), disclosed in 
the Standalone Financial Statements are held in the name of the Company as at the balance sheet date 
except as disclosed in Note No. 4.3 of the Standalone Financial Statements, for the following where the 
documents are deposited with the relevant bank who have communicated that the same are not traceable 
at their end;
Particulars Number of Cases Gross Block 
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Net Block  
(Rs. In Lakhs)
Freehold Land at Dhamni 1 31.80 31.80
  For the purpose of above reporting, registered sale deed/ transfer deed/conveyance deed and other 
substantive evidence such as allotment letters, property tax receipts etc. conveying title to the Company 
over the property has been taken into consideration by the management and relied upon by us;
 d. The company has not revalued any of its Property, Plant & Equipment (including Right to use assets) and 
intangible assets or both during the year;
 e. As disclosed in Note No. 58(a) of the Standalone Financial Statements, no proceedings have been 
initiated or pending against the Company for holding any benami property under the Benami Transactions 
(Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder;
ii. In respect of Inventories:
 a. Inventory other than those lying with third parties and goods-in-transit , have been physically verified by the 
management on half yearly basis. In respect of inventory lying with third parties, these have substantially 
been confirmed by them. In our opinion, the frequency of such verification is reasonable. Considering the 
size of the Company and nature of its operations, the coverage and procedures are adequate.
  The discrepancies noticed on physical verification of inventory did not exceed 10% or more for each class 
of inventory and the same have properly dealt with in the books of accounts;
 b. The Company has working capital limits sanctioned from banks or financial institutions exceeding  
` 5 crores during the year and the quarterly returns / statements filed by the Company are materially 
in agreement with the books of account and no discrepancy was observed, except as disclosed in  
Note No. 32.2;

===== PAGE 87 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
86
 iii. The Company has not made any investments in, provided guarantee or security or has granted any loans 
or advances in nature of loans, secured or unsecured to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships or 
other parties during the year except for investments in Subsidiaries, Limited Liability Partnership, mutual 
funds, unquoted/quoted equity shares, bonds, portfolio management scheme and loan to Limited Liability 
Partnership and loan to employees in respect of which we report the following:
  (a) (A) The Company has not provided guarantee or security or has granted any loans or advances in 
nature of loans, secured or unsecured to its subsidiaries. Hence reporting under clause 3(iii)(a)
(A) is not applicable;
   (B) During the year, the Company has provided loans or advances in the nature of loans to its 
employees and LLP, details of which is as below:
(` In Lakhs)
Particulars Loans Advance in 
nature of 
loans
Aggregate amount granted/ provided during the year
- Limited Liability Partnership  1,375.00 -
- Employees 19.35 -
Balance outstanding as at the Balance sheet date in respect of 
above cases
 -
- Limited Liability Partnership  1,375.00 -
- Employees 0.19 -
   The Company as per the terms of development agreement entered in an earlier year, has incurred 
expenses on behalf of developer during the year and which are recoverable from them. The same has 
not been considered as loans or advances in nature of loans for the purpose of reporting under this 
clause . However, based on the settlement agreement with the Developer, such amount recoverable is 
settled via mediation by handing over the unsold inventory as per the share determined.
  (b) In our opinion, the investments made and the terms and conditions of loan given to Limited Liability 
Partnership and employees during the year are prima facie not prejudicial to the interest of the 
Company;
  (c) In respect of loans granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment of principal and payment 
of interest has been stipulated and the repayments of principal amounts and receipts of interest are 
generally regular as per stipulation . In respect of loans granted by the company to its employees, 
which are interest free, where schedule of repayment of principal has been stipulated, repayments 
have generally been regular.
  (d) In respect of the loan granted, there are no amount which are overdue and therefore reporting on 
steps taken for recovery of Principal and interest theron doesn’t arise.
   (e) No loan granted by the Company has fallen due during the year, that have been renewed or extended 
or fresh loans granted to settle the overdue of existing loans;
  (f) During the year the Company has not granted any loans either repayable on demand or without 
specifying any terms or period of repayment. Hence reporting under clause 3 (iii) (f) of the order is 
not applicable;
(iv) The Company has complied with the provisions of Section 185 and Section 186 of the Act, with respect to grant 
of loans, making investments providing guarantees and securities, as applicable;
(v) The Company has not accepted any deposits or amounts which are deemed to be deposits to which directives 
issued by the RBI and the provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other relevant provisions of the Act and 
rules made thereunder apply. We were informed by the Management that no order has been passed by the 
Company Law Board or National Company Law Tribunal or Reserve Bank of India or any court or any other 
tribunal in this regard;

===== PAGE 88 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
87
(vi) We have broadly reviewed the books of account maintained by the Company pursuant to the Companies (Cost 
Records and Audit) Rules, 2014 as specified by the Central Government under section 148(1) of the Act in 
respect of the Company’s product and are of the opinion that prima-facie, the prescribed account and records 
have been made and maintained. We have not, however, made a detailed examination of the same with a view 
to determining whether they are accurate or complete;
(vii) (a) According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the books and records 
examined by us, the Company has been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues including Goods 
and Services tax, Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty 
of Customs, duty of Excise, Value Added Tax, Cess and any other statutory dues applicable to it with 
appropriate authorities;
  There were no undisputed amounts payable in respect of Goods and Service tax, Provident Fund, 
Employees’ State Insurance, Income Tax, Sales Tax, Service Tax, duty of Custom, duty of Excise, Value 
Added Tax, Cess and any other statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2026, for a period of more than 
six months from the date they became payable except for provident fund amount of `7.18 Lakhs not 
deposited on account of exit date auto generated by the respective portal. in the respective portal.
 (b) Particulars of statutory dues referred to in sub-clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on 
March 31, 2026, on account of disputes are given below:
` In lakhs
Name of the 
Statute
Nature of dues Forum where 
dispute is 
pending
Period to 
which the 
amount is 
relates
Amount 
involved
Amount unpaid 
(after taxes 
paid /adjusted 
under protest)
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax and 
Interest.
Commissioner 
of Income Tax 
(Appeal)
Assessment 
Year 2007-08
388.98 0
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax Penalty. Commissioner 
of Income Tax 
(Appeal)
Assessment 
Year 2009-10
71.01 0
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax Penalty 
and Interest
Commissioner 
of Income Tax 
(Appeal)
Assessment 
Year 2013-14
0.30 0.30
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax and 
interest
Income Tax 
Officer
Assessment 
Year 2017-18
42.70 42.70
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax and 
interest.
Commissioner 
of Income Tax 
(Appeal)
Assessment 
Year 2020-21
482.29 482.29
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax. Commissioner 
of Income Tax 
(Appeal)
Assessment 
Year 2022-23
23.12 0
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax and 
Interest
Income Tax 
Officer. 
Assessment 
Year 2009-10
3.38 3.38
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax and 
interest
Income Tax 
Officer
Assessment 
Year 2008-09
35.64 35.64
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax and 
interest
Income Tax 
Officer
Assessment 
Year 2018-19
483.47 483.47
The Income Tax 
Act, 1961
Income Tax Penalty 
and interest
Income Tax 
Officer
Assessment 
Year 2023-24
8.04 8.04
Finance Act, 
1994  
(Service Tax)
Service Tax Principal 
Commissioner 
CGST & Excise
Financial Year 
2011-12
260.08 260.08

===== PAGE 89 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
88
The Central 
Excise Act, 1944
Excise Duty Assistant 
Commissioner 
of Central Excise 
Financial Year 
1st April, 1993 
to 31st October 
1993, 2000-01 
and 2001-02
9.76 9.76
The Customs 
Act, 1962
Custom Duty Commissioner 
of Appeals 
(Customs)
Financial Year 
2012-13
16.21 16.21
Central Goods 
and Service Tax 
Act, 2017
GST, Penalty and 
Interest
Financial Year 
2017-18
90.65 90 .65
(viii)As disclosed in Note No. 58(e) of the Standalone Financial Statements, there were no unrecorded transactions 
which have been surrendered or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessment under Income Tax 
Act, 1961;
(ix) (a) The Company has not defaulted in repayment of loans or borrowings or in the payment of interest thereon 
to any lender;
 (b) As disclosed in Note No. 58(f) of the Standalone Financial Statements, the Company is not declared wilful 
defaulter by any bank or financial institution or government, or any government authority;
 (c) The term loans were applied for the purpose for which the loans were obtained;
 (d) On an overall examination of the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company, we report that funds 
raised on short term basis have prima facie not been used for long term purposes.
 (e) The company has not taken any funds from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations 
of its subsidiaries
 (f) The company has not raised loans during the year on the pledge of securities held in its subsidiaries
(x) (a) The Company has not raised moneys by way of initial public offer or further public offer including debt 
instruments hence reporting under clause 3(x)(a) of the order is not applicable;
 (b) The Company has not made any preferential allotment or private placement of shares or fully or partly 
convertible debentures during the year and hence reporting clause 3(x)(b) of the Order is not applicable;
(xi) (a) No fraud by the Company or on the Company have been noticed or reported during the year;
 (b) No report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed in Form ADT-4 as 
prescribed under rule 13 of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government 
during the year upto the date of this report;
 (c) As represented to us by the management, there are no whistle blower complaints received by the Company 
during the year;
(xii) The Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, clause 3(xii) of the Order is not applicable;
(xiii)In our opinion, transactions with the related parties are in compliance with section 177 and 188 of Companies 
Act, 2013 where applicable and the details have been disclosed in the notes to the Standalone financial 
statements, as required by the applicable accounting standards;
(xiv)(a) In our opinion, the Company has an internal audit system commensurate with the size and nature of its 
business;

===== PAGE 90 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
89
  (b) We have considered the internal audit reports issued to the Company during the year and till date for the 
period under audit;
(xv) In our opinion, during the year, the Company has not entered into non-cash transactions with directors or 
persons connected with its directors and hence provisions of section 192 of the Companies Act, 2013 are not 
applicable to the Company;
(xvi)a. In our opinion, the Company is not required to be registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of 
India Act, 1934. Hence, reporting under clause 3 (xvi) (a), (b) and (c) of the order is not applicable;
 b. As informed to us by the Management, there is no core investment company within the Group (as defined 
in the Core Investment Companies (Reserve Bank) Directions, 2016) and hence reporting under clause 3 
(xvi) (d) of the Order is not applicable;
(xvii)The Company has not incurred any cash losses in the financial year and in the immediately preceding  
financial year;
(xviii)There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors of the Company during the year and accordingly the 
reporting under clause 3(xviii) is not applicable;
(xix)On the basis of the financial ratios, ageing and expected dates of realization of financial assets and payment 
of financial liabilities, other information accompanying the Standalone financial statements, our knowledge 
of the Board of Directors and management plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting 
the assumptions, nothing has come to our attention, which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty 
exists as on the date of the audit report that company is not capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the 
date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date.
 We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the company. We further state that 
our reporting is based on the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor 
any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get 
discharged by the Company as and when they fall due;
(xx) As disclosed by management in Note No. 55 of the Standalone financial statements and as verified by us, the 
gross amount required to be spent by Company towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) during the year 
has been duly spent during the year hence reporting under clause 3(xx)(a) and clause 3(xx)(b) of the Order is 
not applicable;
For C N K & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036
Rajesh Mody
Partner
Date: 28th May, 2026 Membership No.: 047501
Place: Mumbai UDIN: 26047501TSBFOH8171

===== PAGE 91 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
90
ANNEXURE B TO INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
[Referred to in paragraph 2(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ in the Independent 
Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of The Ruby Mills Limited on the Standalone Financial Statements 
for the year ended March 31, 2026]
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements of The Ruby 
Mills Limited (“the Company”) as of March 31, 2026, in conjunction with our audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal 
financial controls based on the internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements criteria 
established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note 
on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds 
and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to Standalone 
Financial Statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing 
specified under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both 
issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls 
with reference to Standalone Financial Statements were established and maintained and whether such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal 
financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists 
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our modified 
audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements is a process designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Standalone 
Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company’s internal financial control with reference to Standalone Financial Statements includes those policies and 
procedures that:
1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
and dispositions of the assets of the company;

===== PAGE 92 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
91
2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Standalone 
Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and
3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due 
to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the internal 
financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements may become inadequate because of changes 
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Modified Opinion
During the earlier year, Company has migrated to a new ERP system for some processes, which are still in the 
process of stabilization. Further, the new ERP is not integrated to other software / old ERP used by the Company. As 
a result of the same, various controls for processes related to material management, inventory valuation, updation 
of customer / vendor masters are still being implemented requiring manual intervention and rectifications to be 
carried out for the purpose of financial reporting.
A ‘material weakness’ is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal financial control over financial 
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or 
interim Standalone Financial Statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
In our opinion, except for the possible effects of the weaknesses described above and matters stated in the para 
2(g)(vi) of Report on other legal and regulatory requirements on reporting under Rule 11(g), the Company has, in 
all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and such internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on 
the internal control with reference to financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI .
We have considered the material weakness identified and reported above in determining the nature, timing, and 
extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the March 31, 2026 Standalone Financial Statements of the Company, 
and the material weakness does not affect our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements of the Company.
For C N K & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036
Rajesh Mody
Partner
Date: 28th May, 2026 Membership No.: 047501
Place: Mumbai UDIN: 26047501TSBFOH8171

===== PAGE 93 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
92
Particulars Note As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
I. ASSETS Audited Audited
(1) Non-current assets
 (a) Property, Plant and Equipment 4 10,555.18 10,210.06
 (b) Right of Use Assets 5 229.93 67.06
 (c) Capital Work-in-progress 6 9,317.36 1,837.24
 (d) Investment property 7 68,084.43 3,037.99
 (e) Intangible assets 8 24.05 389.52
 (f) Intangible Assets under Development 9 60.00 60.00
 (g) Biological assets other than bearer plants 10 10.81 10.81
 (h) Financial assets
  (i) Investments 11 6,880.42 1,570.28
  (ii) Loans 12 1,375.00 -
  (iii) Other financial assets 13 1,710.70 62,736.81
 (i) Non current Tax Assets (Net ) 14 822.80 350.10
 (j) Other non-current assets 15 1,145.04 152.47
 Total Non current assets 1,00,215.72 80,422.34
(2) Current assets
 (a) Inventories 16 8,634.30 8,208.92
 (b) Financial Assets
  (i) Investments 17 4,637.19 10,036.63
  (ii) Trade receivables 18 4,318.84 2,704.06
  (iii) Cash and cash equivalents 19 871.45 489.42
  (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 20 511.98 437.01
  (v) Other Financial Assets 21 937.18 877.35
 (c) Other current assets 22 1,245.04 308.57
 (d) Current Tax Assets ( Net) 23 180.72 291.92
 Total Current Assets 21,336.70 23,353.89
 Total Assets 1,21,552.42 1,03,776.23
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 Equity
 (a) Equity Share capital 24 1,672.00 1,672.00
 (b) Other Equity 25 65,764.75 61,996.28
 Total Equity 67,436.75 63,668.28
 Liabilities
(1) Non-current liabilities
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (i) Borrowings 26 33,278.84 29,135.35
  (ii) Lease Liability 27 220.32 30.99
  (iii) Other Financial Liabilities 28 5,131.57 2,213.56
 (b) Provisions 29 59.38 43.22
 (c) Deferred Tax Liability (Net ) 30 1,071.35 654.91
 (d) Other non-current liabilities 31 4,184.31 4.90
 Total Non Current Liabilities 43,945.78 32,082.93
(2) Current liabilities
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (i) Borrowings 32 3,992.22 3,625.25
  (ii) Lease Liabilities 33 13.11 41.86
  (iii) Trade payables 34
  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises. 1,311.78 264.82
  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises. 2,582.48 2,854.09
  (iv) Other financial liabilities 35 1,215.87 986.37
 (b) Other Current Liabilities 36 889.27 235.58
 (c) Provisions 37 165.17 17.05
 Total Current Liabilities 10,169.90 8,025.02
 Total Liabilities 54,115.68 40,107.95
 Total Equity and Liabilities 1,21,552.42 1,03,776.23
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 1 to 61
STANDALONE BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2026  
(All amounts in ` lakhs, unless otherwise stated)CIN :L17120MH1917PLC000447
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M. Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 Chief Executive Officer DIN : 00071248
& Whole time Director
Rajesh Mody DIN : 00123460 Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026

===== PAGE 94 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
93
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in ` lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Note Year ended  
31st March 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
I Revenue from Operations 38 35,859.56 24,533.65
II Other Income 39 1,755.53 2,442.95
III Total Income (I + II) 37,615.09 26,976.59
IV EXPENSES
 Cost of Materials Consumed 40 12,449.07 10,112.86
 Changes in Inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress 41 20.81 (2,280.42)
 Employee Benefits Expense 42 3,296.08 2,903.60
 Finance Costs 43 1,542.39 474.67
 Depreciation and Amortisation expense 44 2,448.17 1,132.16
 Other Expenses 45 12,555.07 9,257.15
 Total Expenses (IV) 32,311.59 21,600.02
V Profit before tax (III - IV) 5,303.50 5,376.58
VI Tax Expense 46A
 (1) Current Tax 527.67 651.61
 (2) Deferred Tax 417.88 492.89
 (3) Excess/Short provision of tax relating to earlier years - 0.84
 Total tax expenses 945.55 1,145.34
VII Profit for the Year 4,357.95 4,231.24
VIII Other comprehensive income
 (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
  - Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 46B (5.72) (11.29)
 (ii) Income tax related to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 1.44 2.84
 Total other comprehensive income (net of tax) (4.28) (8.45)
IX Total comprehensive income for the Period (VII + VIII) 4,353.67 4,222.80
X Earnings per equity share of ` 5 each
 Basic and Diluted (`) 50 13.03 12.65
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 1 to 61
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  
The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M. Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 Chief Executive Officer DIN : 00071248
& Whole time Director
Rajesh Mody DIN : 00123460 Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026

===== PAGE 95 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
94
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in ` lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
   31ST March, 2026 31ST March, 2025
A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES : Audited Audited
 Profit before tax 5,303.50 5376.58
 Adjustments for :
Depreciation and Amortisation expenses 2,448.17 1,132.16
Finance Costs 1,542.39 474.67
Interest Income (49.65) (249.81)
Net Loss / (Gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment (241.02) (240.69)
Sundry Balance written off / back and excess provision written back 142.10 (853.23)
Other Non Cash Adjustments (632.88) (76.86)
Gain)/Loss on foreign currency transactions and translations (net) (43.17) (11.08)
Fair valuation (Gain)/ Loss on redemption of current investment (4,53.10) (588.81)
Operating profit before working capital changes 8,016.35 4,962.93
 Adjustments for:
 (Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories (425.38) (2,452.64)
 (Increase)/ Decrease in Trade Receivables (1,087.34) (590.93)
 (Increase)/ Decrease in Loans (1,375.00) 9,020.57
 (Increase)/ Decrease Other Financial Assets - Non Current and Current 980.08 (14,956.92)
 (Increase)/ Decrease Other assets - Non Current and current (906.44) 158.05
Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade Payables 775.35 763.94
Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Financial liabilities - Non Current and 
Current
478.60 327.84
Increase/ (Decrease) in Provisions 164.29 12.97
Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Liabilities - Non current and current 654.48 (32.44)
 Cash generated from Operations 7,274.98 (2,786.63)
 Taxes Paid (Net of refund) (993.27) (760.93)
Net cash generated from Operating Activities 6,281.71 (3,547.56)
B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES :
 Acquisition of  property, plant and equipment (PPE) (including Capital 
work-in-progress and capital advances)
(11,161.85) (2,150.51)
Proceeds on disposal of Property,plant and equipment/ Refund of 
Capital Advance
272.96 273.24
 Sale of Current and Non Current Investments 34,040.99 20,280.16
 Purchase of Current and Non Current Investments (34,130.29) (26,405.16)
Fixed deposits with banks (195.31) (446.46)
 Interest Received 23.16 292.46
 Net cash from Investing activities (11,150.34) (8,156.27)
C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 Repayment of borrowings (5,489.55) (3,494.71)
 Proceeds of borrowings 10,000.00 15,000.00
 Payment of dividend (585.20) (585.20)
 Payments for principal portion of lease liability (65.84) (50.29)
Payments for interest portion of lease liability (7.44) (10.53)
Finance Costs 1,398.71 (509.16)
 Net cash from Financing activities 5,250.66 10,350.11

===== PAGE 96 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
95
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts in ` lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
   31ST March, 2026 31ST March, 2025
 (Decrease)/ Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C) 382.03 (1,353.74)
 Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the Year 489.42 1843.14
  Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the Year 871.45 489.42
 Components of Cash and Cash Equivalents :
Cash on hand 3.91 1.98
Balances with Banks 867.54 487.44
871.45 489.42
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
Notes :
i.  In Part-A of the Cash Flow Statement, figures in brackets indicate deductions made from the Net Profit for 
deriving the net cash flow from operating activities. In Part-B and Part-C, figures in brackets indicate cash 
outflows.
ii.  Other Non-Cash items” include amortization of Capital grant, fair valuation / amortisation of security deposits 
and other adjustments not affecting Cash Flow.
iii.  The Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under indirect method as set out in Indian Accounting Standard  
(Ind AS) 7, ‘Statement of Cash Flows’. This is the Statement of Cash Flows referred to in our report of even date.

===== PAGE 97 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
96
STANDALONE STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
Reconciliation of liabilities from financing activities :
Particulars As at  
1st  April, 2025
Cash Flow Foreign  
Exchange 
Movement
As at  
31st  March, 2026
Total Borrowings 32,760.60 4,553.62 (43.17) 37,271.06
Particulars As at  
1st April, 2024
Cash Flow Foreign 
Exchange 
Movement
As at  
31st  March, 2025
Total Borrowings 21,255.31 11,516.37 (11.08) 32,760.60
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  
The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M. Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 Chief Executive Officer DIN : 00071248
& Whole time Director
Rajesh Mody DIN : 00123460 Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026
(All amounts in ` lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 98 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
97
A  Equity share capital (Note 24)
Particulars Amount
Balance as at 1st April, 2024 1,672.00
Changes in equity share capital during the year -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 1,672.00
Changes in equity share capital during the year -
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 1,672.00
B  Other Equity (Note 25)
Particulars
Reserves and surplus
TotalSecurities 
premium
General 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at 31st March, 2024 859.20 30,039.35 27,460.13 58,358.68
Profit for the year 4,231.25 4,231.25
Other comprehensive Income "OCI" (Net of Tax) (8.45) (8.45)
Total comprehensive income 859.20 30,039.35 31,682.93 62,581.48
Dividend Paid (585.20) (585.20)
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 859.20 30,039.35 31,097.73 61,996.28
Profit for the year 4,357.95 4,357.95
Other comprehensive Income "OCI" (Net of Tax) (4.28) (4.28)
Total comprehensive income 859.20 30,039.35 35,451.40 66,349.95
Dividend Paid (585.20) (585.20)
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 859.20 30,039.35 34,866.20 65,764.75
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
  
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of  
The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M. Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 Chief Executive Officer DIN : 00071248
& Whole time Director
Rajesh Mody DIN : 00123460 Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026

===== PAGE 99 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
98
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
 The Ruby Mills limited (‘RML’ or ‘the Holding Company’) is a public limited company domiciled in India 
incorporated on 9th January 1917. Registered office of the Company is located at Mumbai. The Company 
is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. The 
Company is an integrated textile mill.
 The Company has two plants. The spinning and weaving plant is located at Dhamni and the process house at 
Kharsundi both at Khopoli close to Bombay – Pune Highway.
 During the year, the Holding company has executed a cancellation agreement with the Developer in relation 
to the determination and settlement of the Developer’s revenue share pertaining to the commercial tower 
developed under the Development Agreement.
 Pursuant to the said settlement, the rights and obligation between the Holding company and the Developer 
have been determined in accordance with the agreed terms. The Financial impact arising from the said 
settlement has been appropriately recognized and accounted for in the financial statements, based on the 
terms of the Cancellation Agreement.
2. BASIS OF PREPARATIONAND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
2.1. Basis for preparation and presentation:
 The financial statements comply with Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) notified under Section 133 of 
the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended 
and other relevant provisions of the Act and Rules thereunder.
 The financial statements have been prepared on accrual basis and in accordance with the historical cost 
convention except for certain assets and liabilities measured at fair value. The accounting policies are applied 
consistently to all the periods presented in the financial statements.
 All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Group’s normal operating 
cycle, paragraph 66 and 69 of Ind AS 1 and other criteria as set out in the Division II of Schedule III to the Act.
 Based on the nature of products and the time between acquisition of assets for processing and their realization 
in cash and cash equivalents, the Group has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of 
current or non-current classification of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified 
as non-current assets and liabilities.
 The financial statements are presented in Indian Rupee (INR), which is the functional currency of the Group.
 All amounts disclosed in the Financial Statements and notes have been rounded off to the nearest lakhs, 
unless otherwise stated.
 The Financial Statements of the Group for the year ended 31st March, 2026 were approved for issue in 
accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors in its meeting held on 28th May, 2026.
2.2. Use of Judgement and Estimates
 The preparation of the financial statements require management to make judgments, estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities and accompanying 
disclosures.
 Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require material adjustments 
to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future periods. The Group continually evaluates these 
estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information.
 In particular, information about significant areas of estimates and judgements in applying accounting policies 
that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the financial statements are as below:

===== PAGE 100 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
99
 • Estimates of useful lives and residual value of Property, Plant and Equipment and intangible assets;
 • Measurement of Defined Benefit Obligations;
 • Measurement and likelihood of occurrence of Provisions and contingencies;
 • Recognition of deferred tax assets;
 • Measurement of recoverable amounts of cash-generating units;
 • Measurement of Right of Use Assets and Lease liabilities;
 • Valuation of Inventories;
 • Provision for loss allowances;
 • Fair value measurement of financial instruments.
 Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised prospectively.
2.3. Property, plant and equipment
 2.3.1. Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any;
 2.3.2. The initial cost of an asset comprises its purchase price or construction cost (including import duties 
and non-refundable taxes), any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset into the location and 
condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, the 
initial estimate of any decommissioning obligation, if any, and, borrowing cost for qualifying assets (i.e. 
assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use);
 2.3.3. Subsequent expenditure is capitalized only if it probable that the future economic benefits associated 
with the expenditure will flow to the Group;
 2.3.4. Spare parts which meet the definition of Property, Plant and Equipment are capitalized as Property, 
Plant and Equipment in case the unit value of the spare part is above the threshold limit. In other 
cases, the spare part is inventorised on procurement and charged to Statement of Profit and Loss on 
consumption;
 2.3.5. An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognized separately as 
part of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal; or when no future economic 
benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on de-recognition of the asset 
is included in the Statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is derecognized;
 2.3.6. The residual values and useful lives of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial 
year end and changes, if any, are accounted in the line with revisions to accounting estimates;
 2.3.7. Property, plant and equipment which are not ready for intended use as on date of Balance Sheet are 
disclosed as “Capital work – in – progress”;
 2.3.8. Depreciation is provided on a pro-rata basis on the straight-line method for plant and machinery and 
for all other assets on written down value method (after retaining the estimated residual value up to 
5%) based on estimated useful life prescribed under Schedule II to the Act;
 2.3.9. Components of the main asset that are significant in value and have different useful lives as compared 
to the main asset are depreciated over their estimated useful life. Useful life of such components has 
been assessed based on historical experience and internal technical assessment;
 2.3.10. Depreciation on spare parts specific to an item of property, plant and equipment is based on life of 
the related property, plant and equipment. In other cases, the spare parts are depreciated over their 
estimated useful life based on the technical assessment;
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 101 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
100
 2.3.11. The Group has chosen the carrying value of property, Plant and Equipment existing as per previous 
GAAP as on date of transition to Ind AS i.e. 1st April, 2016 as deemed cost.
2.4. Biological Assets
 2.4.1. Biological assets comprise livestock maintained by the Group. Since such livestock is used solely 
for internal consumption and not for commercial sale or production activities, and considering 
the immateriality of the value involved, the group measures these biological assets at cost, which 
management considers to be a reasonable approximation of fair value less cost to sell.
2.5. Intangible Assets
 2.5.1. Intangible assets are recognized only if it is probable that the future economic benefits that are 
attributable to the assets will flow to the enterprise and the cost of the assets can be measured 
reliably;
 2.5.2. Intangible assets are carried at cost net of accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment 
losses, if any;
 2.5.3. An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected 
from use or disposal. Gains or losses on derecognition are determined by comparing proceeds with 
carrying amount. These are included in profit or loss within other gains/(losses);
 2.5.4. The estimated useful life is reviewed at each financial year end and changes, if any, are accounted in 
the line with revisions to accounting estimates;
 2.5.5. Intangible assets are not ready for intended use as on date of Balance Sheet are disclosed as “Intangible 
assets under development”;
 2.5.6. The intangible assets with a finite useful life are amortized using Written Down Value Method over 
their estimated useful lives except in the case ERP software which is amortized over the period of 
its useful life on straight line method basis (SLM). The Management’s estimate of the useful lives for 
various class of intangibles are given below:
Asset Useful Life
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Software 5 Years
2.6. Investment Property
 2.6.1. Investment property is property (land or a building — or part of a building — or both) held either to earn 
rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of business, 
use in production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. Investment properties 
are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any;
 2.6.2. Any gain or loss on disposal of investment property calculated as the difference between the net 
proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the Investment Property is recognised in Statement 
of Profit and Loss;
 2.6.3. Depreciation on building is provided over its useful life using written down value method. These useful 
lives determined are in line with the useful lives as prescribed in the Schedule II of the Act.
2.7. Leases
 The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease, at the inception of a contract. A contract is, 
or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of 
time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset, the Group assesses whether:
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 102 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
101
 a) the contract involves the use of an identified asset;
 b) the Group has substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset through the period of the 
lease and
 c). the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset.
 2.7.1. As a Lessee
  The right-of-use asset is a lessee’s right to use an asset over the life of a lease. At the date of 
commencement of the lease, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease 
liability for all lease arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for short-term leases and leases of low 
value assets. For these, the Group recognises the lease payments as an operating expense.
  The right-of-use assets are initially recognised at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease 
liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease 
plus any initial direct costs less any lease incentives. They are subsequently measured at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the 
commencement date on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and useful life of the 
underlying asset.
  The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the future lease payments. The lease 
payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, 
using the incremental borrowing rates. The lease liability is subsequently remeasured by increasing the 
carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability and reducing the carrying amount to reflect 
the lease payments made.
  A lease liability is remeasured upon the occurrence of certain events such as a change in the lease 
term or a change in an index or rate used to determine lease payments. The remeasurement normally 
also adjusts the leased assets.
 2.7.2. As a Lessor
  A lessor shall classify each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.
  Finance leases
  A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental 
to ownership of an underlying asset. Group shall recognise assets held under a finance lease in its 
balance sheet and present them as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease.
  Operating leases
  A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards 
incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. Group shall recognize lease payments from operating 
leases as income on straight line basis over the term of relevant lessee.
2.8. Impairment of Non-financial Assets
 2.8.1. Non-financial assets other than inventories, deferred tax assets and non-current assets classified as 
held for sale are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date to determine whether there is any indication of 
impairment. If any such indication exists or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the 
Group estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of the assets or 
Cash Generating Unit’s (CGU) fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Recoverable amount 
is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets or group of assets;
 2.8.2. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered 
impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 103 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
102
2.9. Inventories
 2.9.1. Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based on 
weighted average basis;
 2.9.2. Cost of raw materials and stores and spares includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in 
bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The aforesaid items are valued at net 
realisable value if the finished products in which they are to be incorporated are expected to be sold 
at a loss;
 2.9.3. Cost of finished goods and work-in-progress include all costs of purchases, conversion costs and other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The net realisable 
value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of 
completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
2.10. Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
 2.10.1. Provisions are recognized when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a 
past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required 
to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation;
 2.10.2. The expenses relating to a provision is presented in the Statement of Profit and Loss net of 
reimbursements, if any;
 2.10.3. Contingent liabilities are possible obligations whose existence will only be confirmed by future events 
not wholly within the control of the Group, or present obligations where it is not probable that an 
outflow of resources will be required or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with 
sufficient reliability;
 2.10.4. Contingent liabilities are not recognized in the financial statements but are disclosed unless the 
possibility of an outflow of economic resources is considered remote.
2.11. Revenue Recognition
 2.11.1. Sale of goods:
  Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of promised goods to customers in an amount that 
reflects the consideration which the Group expects to receive in exchange for those goods;
  Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control is transferred to the 
customer which is usually on dispatch of goods, based on contracts with the customers. Export sales 
are recognized on the issuance of Bill of Lading / Airway bill by the carrier;
  Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, adjusted for discounts, 
price concessions, incentives, and returns, if any, as specified in the contracts with the customers. 
Accruals for discounts/incentives and returns are estimated (using the most likely method) based on 
accumulated experience and underlying schemes and agreements with customers. Due to the short 
nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract;
  Revenue excludes taxes collected from customers on behalf of the government.
  Contract Balances:
  Trade Receivables
  A receivable represents the Group right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only 
the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due).
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 104 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
103
  Contract liabilities
  A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Group has 
received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays 
consideration before the Gorup transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is 
recognised when the payment is made, or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities 
are recognised as revenue when the group performs under the contract.
 2.11.2. Rendering of Services
  Revenue is recognized from rendering of services when the performance obligation is satisfied and the 
services are rendered in accordance with the terms of customer contracts. Revenue is measured based 
on the transaction price, which is the consideration, as specified in the contract with the customer.
  Revenue from services is recognised over a time by measuring progress towards satisfaction of 
performance obligation for the services rendered.
  Revenue excludes taxes collected from customers on behalf of the government.
 2.11.3. Lease license fees are recognised on straight line basis over the terms of the lease;
 2.11.4. Export incentives under various schemes notified by the Government have been recognised on the 
basis of applicable regulations, and when reasonable assurance to receive such revenue is established;
 2.11.5. Revenue from the sale of Development rights is recognised in terms of agreement entered into by the 
Group with the Developer;
 2.11.6. Interest income is recognized using the effective interest rate (EIR) method;
 2.11.7. Dividend income on investments is recognised when the right to receive dividend is established;
 2.11.8. Insurance claims are accounted for on the basis of claims admitted / expected to be admitted and 
to the extent that the amount recoverable can be measured reliably and it is reasonable to expect 
ultimate collection;
2.12.  Employee Benefits
 2.12.1. Short-term employee benefits
  All employee benefits payable within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as short-
term employee benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages etc. and the expected cost of ex-gratia are 
recognised in the period in which the employee renders the related service.
 2.12.2. Post-employment benefits
  The Group operates the following post – employment schemes:
  - Defined contribution plans such as provident fund and Family pension fund; and
  - Defined benefit plans such as gratuity.
  Defined Contribution Plans:
  Obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans such as provident fund are recognised as 
an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss as the related service is rendered by the employee. 
The said benefits are classified as Defined Contribution Schemes as the Group has no further defined 
obligations beyond the monthly contributions;
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 105 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
104
  Defined Benefit Plans:
  The Group net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans such as gratuity is calculated by 
estimating the amount of future benefit that the employees have earned in the current and prior 
periods, discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets;
  The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed at each reporting period end by a qualified 
actuary using the projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for 
the Group, the recognised asset is limited to the present value of the economic benefits available in 
the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan;
  The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss as 
part of employee benefit expense, reflects the increase in the defined benefit obligation resulting from 
employee
  service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements. Past service costs are 
recognized immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The net interest is calculated by applying 
the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. 
This net interest is included in employee benefit expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss;
  Re-measurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive income;
 2.12.3. Other long-term employee benefits
  Liability towards other long term employee benefits - leave encashment are determined on actuarial 
valuation by qualified actuary by using Projected Unit Credit method;
  The current service cost of other long terms employee benefits, recognized in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss as part of employee benefit expense, reflects the increase in the obligation resulting from 
employee service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements. Past service costs 
are recognized immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss. The interest cost is calculated by 
applying the discount rate to the balance of the obligation. This cost is included in employee benefit 
expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Re- measurements are recognised in the Statement of 
Profit and Loss.
2.13. Borrowing costs
 2.13.1. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs incurred in connection with the borrowing of 
funds. Borrowing costs also include exchange differences to the extent regarded as an adjustment to 
the borrowing costs;
 2.13.2. Borrowing costs that are attributable to the acquisition or construction of qualifying assets (i.e. an asset 
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use) are capitalized as 
a part of the cost of such assets. All other borrowing costs are charged to the Statement of Profit and 
Loss. Investment Income earned on the temporary investment of funds of specific borrowings pending 
their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.
2.14. Foreign Currency Transactions
 2.14.1. Monetary items:
  Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at their respective exchange rates at the date 
the transaction first qualifies for recognition;
  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at exchange rates 
prevailing on the reporting date;
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 106 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
105
  Exchange differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in 
Statement of Profit and Loss either as profit or loss on foreign currency transaction and translation or 
as borrowing costs to the extent regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs.
 2.14.2. Non – Monetary items:
  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated 
using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions.
2.15. Government Grants
 2.15.1.  Government grants are recognized where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received 
and all attached conditions will be complied with;
 2.15.2.  When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognized in Statement of Profit and Loss on a 
systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are 
expensed;
 2.15.3.  Government grants relating to Property, Plant and Equipment are presented as deferred income and 
are credited to the Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful life 
of the asset;
 2.15.4.  Export incentives under various schemes notified by the Government have been recognised on the 
basis of applicable regulations, and when reasonable assurance to receive such revenue is established.
2.16. Fair Value Measurement
 2.16.1. The Group measures certain financial instruments at fair value at each reporting date;
 2.16.2. Certain accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial 
and non- financial assets and liabilities;
 2.16.3. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date in the principal or, in its absence, 
the most advantageous market to which the Group has access at that date. The fair value of a liability 
also reflects its non-performance risk;
 2.16.4. The best estimate of the fair value of a financial instrument on initial recognition is normally the 
transaction price – i.e. the fair value of the consideration given or received. If the Group determines 
that the fair value on initial recognition differs from the transaction price and the fair value is evidenced 
neither by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability nor based on a valuation 
technique that uses only data from observable markets, then the financial instrument is initially 
measured at fair value, adjusted to defer the difference between the fair value on initial recognition 
and the transaction price. Subsequently that difference is recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss 
on an appropriate basis over the life of the instrument but no later than when the valuation is wholly 
supported by observable market data or the transaction is closed out;
 2.16.5. While measuring the fair value of an asset or liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as 
possible. Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs 
used in the valuation technique as follows:
  - Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
  - Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the assets or 
liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
  - Level 3: inputs for the assets or liability that are not based on observable market data 
(unobservable inputs);
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 107 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
106
 2.16.6. When quoted price in active market for an instrument is available, the Group measures the fair value of 
the instrument using that price. A market is regarded as active if transactions for the asset or liability 
take place with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis;
 2.16.7. If there is no quoted price in an active market, then the Group uses valuation techniques that maximize 
the use of relevant observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs. The chosen 
valuation technique incorporates all of the factors that market participants would take into account in 
pricing a transaction;
 2.16.8. The Group regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party 
information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the Group 
assesses the evidence obtained from third parties to support the conclusion that these valuations 
meet the requirements of Ind AS, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which the valuations 
should be classified.
2.17. Financial Instruments
 A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability 
or equity instrument of another entity.
 2.17.1. Financial Assets
 I. Initial recognition and measurement
  The Group recognises financial assets when it becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the 
instrument.
  All financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised at fair value on initial recognition, except for 
trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has 
applied practical expedient are initially measured at the transaction price determined under Ind AS 115.
  Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and 
financial liabilities, which are not at fair value through profit and loss, are added to the fair value on 
initial recognition. Financial assets are classified at the initial recognition as financial assets measured 
at fair value or as financial assets measured at amortised cost.
 II. Subsequent measurement
  Financial assets are subsequently classified as measured at
  a) amortised cost;
  b) fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL);
  c) fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
  Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their recognition, except if and in the period the 
Group changes its business model for managing financial assets.
 a) Measured at amortised cost
  Financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial assets in order 
to collect contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest, are subsequently 
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate (‘EIR’) method less impairment, if any. The 
amortisation of EIR and loss arising from impairment, if any is recognised in the Statement of Profit 
and Loss.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 108 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
107
  Investments in subsidiaries
  The Holding Company has elected to recognise its investments in subsidiary companies at cost in 
accordance with the option available in Ind AS 27, Separate Financial Statements.
 b) Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
  Financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both, selling 
financial assets and collecting contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and 
interest, are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. Fair value 
movements are recognized in the other comprehensive income (OCI). Interest income measured using 
the EIR method and impairment losses, if any are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. On 
derecognition, cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from the equity to 
‘other income’ in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
  For equity instruments, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on initial recognition) to present 
in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value. The Group makes such election 
on an instrument-by-instrument basis.
  If the Group decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVOCI, then all fair value changes on the 
instrument, excluding dividends, are recognised in the Other Comprehensive Income (OCI). There is 
no recycling of the amounts from OCI to statement of Profit and Loss, even on sale of investment. 
However, the Group may transfer the cumulative gain or loss within equity.
  Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all changes 
recognised in the Statement of Profit & Loss.
 c) Measured at fair value through profit or loss
  A financial asset not classified as either amortised cost or FVOCI, is classified as FVTPL. Such financial 
assets are measured at fair value with all changes in fair value, including interest income and dividend 
income if any, recognised as ‘other income’ in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
 III. Derecognition
  The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expire, or it transfers the contractual rights to receive the cash flows from the asset and 
the transfer qualifies for derecognition under Ind AS 109.
 IV. Impairment of Financial Assets
  In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Group applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for measurement 
and recognition of impairment loss on the financial assets measured at amortised cost and debt 
instrument measured at FVOCI.
  Loss allowance on receivable from customer are measured following the ‘simplified approach’ at an 
amount equal to life time ECL at each reporting date. In respect of other financial assets, the loss 
allowance is measured at 12 months ECL only if there is no significant deterioration in the credit risk 
since initial recognition of the asset or asset is determined to have a low credit risk at the reporting 
date.
 2.17.2. Financial Liabilities
  Initial recognition and measurement
  Financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 109 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
108
  All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and 
payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. For trade and other payables maturing within 
one year from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short 
maturity of these instruments.
  Subsequent measurement
  Financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the EIR method. Financial 
liabilities carried at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value with all changes in fair 
value recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss;
  Derecognition
  A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, 
cancelled or expires;
 2.17.3. Financial guarantees
  Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be 
made to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment 
when due in accordance with the terms of the debt instrument.
  Financial guarantee contracts are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction 
costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee.
  Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined as 
per impairment requirements of Ind AS 109 and the fair value initially recognised less cumulative 
amortisation;
 2.17.4. Derivative financial instruments:
  The Group uses derivative financial instruments to manage the exposure on account of fluctuation in 
interest rate and foreign exchange rates. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised 
at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently measured 
at fair value with the changes being recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. Derivatives are 
carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value 
is negative.
 2.17.5. Embedded derivatives:
  If the hybrid contract contains a host that is a financial asset within the scope of Ind AS 109, the 
classification requirements contained in Ind AS 109 are applied to the entire hybrid contract.
  Derivatives embedded in all other host contracts, including financial liabilities are accounted for as 
separate derivatives and recorded at fair value, if their economic characteristics and risks are not 
closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not held for trading or 
designated at FVTPL.
  These embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in 
Statement of Profit and Loss, unless designated as effective hedging instruments.
  Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly 
modifies the cash flows.
 2.17.6. Offsetting of financial instruments
  Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the Balance Sheet, 
if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention 
to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously;
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 110 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
109
2.18. Taxes on Income
 2.18.1. Current Tax
  Income-tax Assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid 
to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are 
enacted or substantively enacted, by the end of reporting period;
  Current Tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss, other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
 2.18.2. Deferred tax
  Deferred tax is provided using the Balance Sheet method on temporary differences between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the 
reporting date;
  Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences;
  Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of 
unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that 
it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, 
and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized;
  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the 
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part 
of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are re-assessed at each 
reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits 
will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered;
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year 
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date;
  Deferred Tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in the Statement 
of Profit and Loss, other comprehensive income or directly in equity;
  Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off 
current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity 
and the same taxation authority.
2.19. Segment reporting
 2.19.1 . The Group identifies operating segments based on the dominant source, nature of risks and returns 
and the internal organisation. The operating segments are the segments for which separate financial 
information is available and for which operating profit/loss amounts are evaluated regularly by the 
Managing Director (who is the Group chief operating decision maker) in deciding how to allocate 
resources and in assessing performance;
 2.19.2.  The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are in conformity with the accounting policies 
of the Group. Segment revenue, segment expenses, segment assets and segment liabilities have been 
identified to segments on the basis of their relationship to the operating activities of the segment. 
Inter segment revenue is accounted on the basis of transactions which are primarily determined based 
on market / Fair value factors. Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities which relate to the Group as a 
whole and are not allocable to segments on a reasonable basis have been included under ‘unallocated 
revenue / expenses / assets / liabilities.
2.20. Earnings per share
 Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period;
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 111 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
110
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the profit or loss for the period attributable to 
equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted 
for the effect of all dilutive potential equity shares.
2.21. Cash and Cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents in the Balance Sheet include cash at bank, cash, cheque, draft on hand and demand 
deposits with an original maturity of less than three months, which are subject to an insignificant risk of 
changes in value;
 For the purpose of Statement of Cash Flows, Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank, cash, cheque 
and draft on hand net off of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an integral part of the Group 
cash management. The Group considers all highly liquid investments with a remaining maturity at the date 
of purchase of three months or less and that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to be cash 
equivalents.
2.22 Investments in subsidiaries
 The Holding Company has elected to recognise its investments in subsidiary companies at cost in accordance 
with the option available in Ind AS 27, Separate Financial Statements
2.22. Cash Flows
 Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, where by net profit before tax is adjusted for the effects 
of transactions of a non-cash nature, any deferrals or accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or 
payments and item of income or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows 
from operating, investing and financing activities are segregated.
2.23. Dividend
 Final dividend on shares is recorded as a liability on the date of approval by the shareholders and interim 
dividends are recorded as a liability on the date of declaration by the Group Board of Directors.
3. Recent Pronouncements:
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. In May 2025, MCA notified 
amendments to Ind AS 21 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025. 
The Group has reviewed the amendment and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have 
any significant impact in its financial statements. In August 2025, MCA notified the following amendments to:
 Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, applicable w.e.f April 1, 2025 - The amendment relates to 
classification of liabilities as current or non -current and non-current liabilities with covenants. In the context 
of classifying a liability as current, it removes the requirement of existence of a right to defer settlement 
for at least 12 months after the reporting date, and instead requires that the said right should exist on the 
reporting date and have substance. The amendment also introduces guidance on classification of liabilities 
with covenants. The Group has no impact of these amendments in its classification criteria of current and 
non-current liabilities.
 Ind AS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and Ind AS 107, Financial Instruments - Disclosures, applicable w.e.f April 
1, 2025 – The amendment in Ind AS 7 requires to inform users of financial statements of the existence of 
supplier finance arrangements and explain the nature of the arrangements, the carrying amount of liabilities 
and the range of payment due dates. Ind AS 107 has been amended to add supplier finance arrangements as 
a factor that may cause concentration of liquidity risk. The Group has reviewed the amendment and based on 
its evaluation has determined that it does not have any impact in its financial statements.
 Ind AS 12, International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules applicable immediately - The amendments 
provide a temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax accounting for top-up tax and disclose that they 
have applied the relief. This relief is immediate and applies retrospectively. The Group has reviewed the 
amendment and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have any impact in its financial 
statements.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026

===== PAGE 112 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
111
4. Property, plant and equipment
Particulars
 Freehold 
Land
 Freehold 
Land - under 
development
 Buildings  Plant & 
Equipment 
(Refer note 
4.2)
 Furniture 
&Fixtures 
(Refer note 
4.2)
 Vehicles Office 
Equipments
 Total
Gross Carrying Value (At Cost)
Balance as at 1st April, 2024 491.02 0.93 7573.41 8678.56 36.63 288.12 254.30 17322.95
Additions / adjustments - - 928.58 341.49 45.33 1315.40
Disposals / adjustments - - 95.47 95.47
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 491.02 0.93 7573.41 9511.68 36.63 629.61 299.63 18542.89
Balance as at 1st April, 2025 491.02 0.93 7573.41 9511.68 36.63 629.61 299.63 18542.89
Additions / adjustments - - 385.56 907.19 0.75 20.29 46.31 1360.11
Disposals / adjustments - - 35.83 23.05 - 17.51 2.71 79.10
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 491.02 0.93 7923.15 10395.81 37.38 632.40 343.23 19823.91
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 1st April, 2024 - - 2325.95 4783.64 25.50 147.17 165.62 7447.88
Depreciation for the year - - 328.79 492.88 1.42 95.87 26.08 945.03
Disposals / adjustments - - 60.08 60.08
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 - - 2654.74 5216.45 26.92 243.04 191.70 8332.83
Balance as at 1st April, 2025 - - 2654.74 5216.45 26.92 243.04 191.70 8332.83
Depreciation for the year - - 318.01 499.24 1.82 121.58 40.57 981.22
Disposals / adjustments - - 13.62 17.01 - 14.69 45.32
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 - - 2959.13 5698.68 28.74 349.93 232.27 9268.73
Net Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 491.02 0.93 4918.67 4295.23 9.71 386.57 107.93 10210.06
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 491.02 0.93 4964.02 4697.14 8.64 282.46 110.96 10555.18
Notes:- 
4.1 Property plant and equipment pledged as securities for borrowing as detailed in note no 26.
4.2 These include assets which are given on operating leases , the details thereof are included in note no.49.B
4.3 In respect of Freehold Land of Dhamni Unit amounting to ` 31.80 lacs included in the above, the original title documents deposited with one of 
the Bank for creation of Mortgage and later reported by bank as untraceable and informed the Company that FIR and Newspaper publication 
have been completed for the same.
4.4 The Company has not re-valued any of its Property, Plant & Equipment (including Right to use assets) and intangible assets during the year.
4.5 During the FY 2025-26,a vehicle amounting to Rs 20.29 Lakhs was purchased in the name of director and was used for business purposes.  
(FY 2024-25-Rs 132.00 Lakhs)
4.6 During the year ended 31 March 2026, FSI premium of `354.31 lakhs was reclassified from Intangible Assets to Buildings based on settlement 
agreement.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 113 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
112
5. Right of use assets
Particulars  Land  Vehicle  Computer  
Hardware 
 Total 
Gross Carrying Value (At Cost)
Balance as at 1st April , 2024 134.18 147.07 69.62 350.87
Additions / adjustments 34.23 34.23
Disposals / adjustments - -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 134.18 181.30 69.62 385.10
Balance as at 1st April , 2025 134.18 181.30 69.62 385.10
Additions / adjustments 202.88 202.88
Disposals / adjustments -
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 337.05 181.30 69.62 587.98
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 1st April , 2024 85.60 124.24 60.32 270.17
Depreciation for the year 24.29 14.26 9.30 47.85
Disposals / adjustments -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 109.89 138.51 69.62 318.02
Balance as at 1st April , 2025 109.89 138.51 69.62 318.02
Depreciation for the year 24.64 15.40 40.05
Disposals / adjustments -
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 134.54 153.91 69.62 358.06
Net Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 24.28 42.79 0.00 67.06
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 202.52 27.39 0.00 229.92
These include assets which are taken on lease, the details thereof are included in note no.49 A
6. Capital work in progress
Particulars  Amount
31st March 2025 1,837.24
31st March 2026 9,317.36
 For Capital-work-in progress, following is the ageing schedule :  
Capital Work in Progress Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Less than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
As at March 31, 2026 :
Projects in progress 2,458.18 1,043.73 - 5,815.45 9317.36
Total 2,458.18 1,043.73 - 5,815.45 9317.36
As at March 31, 2025 :
Projects in progress 1,064.78 205.48 22.03 544.95 1837.24
Total 1,064.78 205.48 22.03 544.95 1837.24
 For Capital Work in Progress completion schedule, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost
(comparedto  to its original plan: has exceeded its cost compared to its original plan: None (31st March, 2025: None
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 114 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
113
The Company has undertaken installation of two open access solar power plants for its Dhamni and Kharsundi Unit. 
This will enable reduction in cost and at the same time shift to renewable sources of energy. The Capacity addition 
will be approximately 12 Mwb in addition to the rooftop solar already installed.
*During the year on settlement with developer, the share in unsold property for which OC is not yet received and 
is therefore shown under CWIP.    
7. Investment Property
Particulars  Freehold Land  Buildings 
(refer note 7.1)  Total
Balance as at 1st April, 2024 553.98 3,772.51 4,326.49
Additions / adjustments - - -
Disposals / adjustments - - -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 553.98 3,772.51 4,326.49
Additions / adjustments - 66,458.06 66,458.06
Disposals / adjustments -
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 553.98 70,230.57 70,784.55
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 1st April , 2024 - 1,163.62 1,163.62
Depreciation for the year - 124.88 124.88
Disposals / adjustments - - -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 - 1,288.50 1,288.50
Depreciation for the year - 1,411.62 1,411.62
Disposals / adjustments - - -
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 - 2,700.12 2,700.12
Net Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 553.98 2,484.01 3,037.99
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 553.98 67,530.45 68,084.43
Notes:
7.1 These include assets which are given on operating leases, the details thereof are included in note no.49.B
Fair value
Particulars  Freehold Land  Buildings 
As at 31st March, 2025 7952.48 49364.75
As at 31st March, 2026 7436.25 154750.21
The fair values of the investment property are categorised as level 3 in the fair valuation hierarchy and has been 
determined by Ready Reckoner rate as per local government authority.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 115 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
114
Information regarding Income and Expenditure of Investment Property
Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Rental Income derived from Investment Property 5692.02 3192.85
Less: Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance)  
generating rental income
464.07 230.39
Less :Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance)  
not generating rental income
154.58 28.39
Income arising from investment property before depreciation 5073.37 2934.07
Less: Depreciation 1411.62 124.88
Income from Investment property (Net) 3661.75 2809.20
*The amount does not include other amenities charges recovered of ` 582.68 Lakhs.
8. Intangible Assets
Particulars  Enterprise  
Resource  
Planning  (ERP)  
software 
 Floor Space 
Index 
 Total
Gross Carrying Value ( At Cost )
Balance as at 1st April , 2024 71.45 354.31 425.77
Additions / adjustments 9.45 - 9.45
Disposals / adjustments - - -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 80.90 354.31 435.22
Balance as at 1st April , 2025 80.90 354.31 435.22
Additions / adjustments 4.24 - 4.24
Disposals / adjustments - 354.31 354.31
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 85.14 - 85.14
Accumlated Depreciation
Balance as at 1st April , 2024 32.95 - 32.95
Depreciation for the year 12.73 - 12.73
Disposals / adjustments -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 45.68 - 45.68
Balance as at 1st April , 2025 45.68 - 45.68
Depreciation for the year 15.41 15.41
Disposals / adjustments -
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 61.09 - 61.09
Net Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 35.22 354.31 389.52
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 24.05 - 24.05
8.1 During the year ended 31 March 2026, FSI premium of `354.31 lakhs was reclassified from Intangible Assets to 
Buildings based on settlement agreement. (Refer Note 4.6)
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 116 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
115
9. Intangible Assets under Development
Particulars
 ERP Software 
under  
Development 
Balance as at 1st April , 2024 60.00
Additions / adjustments -
Disposals / adjustments
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 60.00
Balance as at 1st April , 2025 60.00
Additions / adjustments -
Disposals / adjustments
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 60.00
For Intangible Assets Under Development, following is the ageing schedule :
Intangible Assets Under 
Develpement
Amount in Intangible  
Assets Under Development for a period of TotalLess than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
As at March 31, 2026 :
Projects in progress - - - 60.00 60.00
Total - - - 60.00 60.00
As at March 31, 2025 :
Projects in progress - - 20.00 40.00 60.00
Total - - 20.00 40.00 60.00
For Intangible assets under development completion schedule, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its 
cost compared to its original plan: None (31st March, 2025: None)
10. Biological assets other than bearer plants
Particulars  Live stock 
Gross Carrying Value ( At Cost )
Balance as at 1st April , 2024 10.81
Additions / adjustments -
Disposals / adjustments -
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 10.81
Balance as at 1st April , 2025 10.81
Additions / adjustments -
Disposals / adjustments -
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 10.81
Balance as at 31st March, 2025 10.81
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 10.81
Fair values of the Biological assets are categorised as level 3 in the fair valuation hierarchy and the same has been 
determined by the management after considering the relevant factors.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 117 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
116
11. Investment Non Current
Particulars Quantity As at 
31st March, 
2026
Qunatity As at 
31st March, 
2025
Investment in Equity Instruments
(i) Unquoted Equity Instruments at Cost  
(Fully Paid Up)
 In Subsidiary Companies
 Ruby Greentech T Private Limited 10000 1.00 - -
 Ruby Greentech K Private Limited 10000 1.00 - -
 Total 2.00 -
 At Fair value through other comprehensive 
income (FVOCI)
 The New Piece Goods Bazar Company Limited 90 0.28 90.00 0.28
 At Fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 100000 1925.00 100000.00 1570.00
 Jambavati Project Realty Two LLP 165.00
 Total 2090.28 1570.28
 Investment in Fund
 At Fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
 Investment in Alertnative investment Fund 23331333.40 2375.01 - -
 Investment in Foreign Fund 24233.48 2413.12 - -
 Total 4788.14 -
 Total Investment 6880.42 1570.28
 Aggregate value of unquoted investments 6880.42 1570.28
 Aggregate value of quoted investments - -
 Aggregate amount of Impairment in the value 
of investment
- -
12. Loans
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Other Loans
- Inter Corporate 1375 -
Total 1375 -
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Sub - clasification of Loans
Loans considered good  - Secured 1375 -
Loans considered good  - Unsecured - -
Total 1375 -
Less : Loss Allowances - -
Total 1375 -
The Company has not given any loans or advances in the nature of loans to key managerial persons, directors, 
promoters or related parties either severally or jointly with any other person.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 118 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
117
13. Other financial assets - Non current
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At Amortised Cost
Security Deposits 472.09 199.92
Lease Equalisation Asset 196.34 3.14
Fixed deposit with bank with remaining maturity more than 12 months
Held as Margin money 1042.28 846.97
Accrued Income - 3.15
Dues from developer - 61683.63
Due from a developer 
Total 1710.70 62736.81
13.1 The company had entered into understanding with the Developer  group for the development of 
Dadar land. In 2008, the Company entered into a Revenue Share Development Agreement (DA) 
granting rights to develop a Commercial Tower on part of the Dadar land.As per the terms of 
the Revenue Share Development Agreement, the cost incurred by Company upto 11th December 
2025 for the construction amounted to Rs.65,404 lakhs (31st March 2025 - Rs.61,683.63 lakhs).  
 The renewed Occupation Certificate was received in 2022. In view of the economic interest of the developer and 
with the development being completed, the Company and the Developer mutually entered into a Cancellation 
agreement pursuant to a mediation done under the guidance of a retired High Court Judge whereby the share 
of the Developer in terms of the unsold areas was determined and part of the area was handed over to the 
Developer while settling the monetary claims of Developer.
14. Non current Tax Assets (Net)      
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Taxes paid in advance - (net of provision for tax) 822.80 350.10
Total 822.80 350.10
15. Other non current assets
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At Amortised Cost
Capital advances 1125.00 102.41
Prepaid Expenses 20.05 2.52
Advance to gratuity trust (Net of Obligation)* - 47.55
Advances to Suppliers 40.61 40.61
Less : Provision for Doubtful Debts (40.61) (40.61)
Total 1145.04 152.47
* Refer Note 47
16. Inventories     
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Raw Materials 876.89 728.31
Work-in-Progress 4999.59 5998.55
Finished Goods 2005.73 1026.76
Fuel 217.01 91.71
Stores and Spares
Waste 
- Goods in Transit 1.06 2.87
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 119 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
118
- Others 532.40 358.27
Others 1.63 2.45
Total 8634.30 8208.92
16.1 For accounting policy on inventories Refer note 2.09;
16.2 Inventories hypothecated  as security for bank borrowings - Refer note 26 and 32;
16.3 The cost of inventories recognised as an expense includes ` 15.42 Lakhs (31st March 2025 ` 118.68 Lakhs) in 
respect of adjustment of inventories to net realisable value/slow moving.
17. Investments
Particulars Quantity As at 
31st March, 2026
Quantity As at 
31st March, 2025
Investment in Equity Instruments-FVPL
(i) Quoted
 Investment in Shares
 BAJAJ AUTO LTD 195 17.12 - -
 BAJAJ FINSERV LTD 990 16.15 - -
 BHARTI AIRTEL LTD 2194 39.11 - -
 Eicher Motors Ltd 275 18.11 - -
 HDFC Bank Ltd 8215 60.10 - -
 ICICI Bank Ltd 6709 80.90 - -
 Infosys Ltd 3136 39.22 - -
 LARSEN & TOUBRO LTD 1770 62.02 - -
 Maruti Suzuki India Ltd 283 34.83 - -
 NESTLE INDIA LTD 2498 29.35 - -
 RELIANCE INDUSTRIES LTD 8122 109.15 - -
 TATA STEEL LTD 11476 22.02 - -
 TITAN COMPANY LTD 503 19.88 - -
 ULTRATECH CEMENT LTD 249 26.76 - -
 Total In Equity Instrument 574.71 0.00
 Investment in ETF -FVPL
 ICICI Pru Nifty Infrastructure ETF-G 195915 172.17 - -
 Mirae Asset Nifty Metal ETF 1156656 129.67 - -
 Mirae Asset Gold ETF-G 246 246.32 - -
 Mirae Asset Silver ETF-G 92 91.84 - -
 Total ETF 640.01 0.00
 Investment in Mutual Fund
(i) Unquoted Investment in  
Mutual Funds at FVPL
 Bank of India Liquid Fund- Direct Plan 11 0.35 1,09,073 8575.76
 ICICI Pru Focused Equity Direct-G 312829 299.53 - -
 Invesco India Focused Fund Direct-G 1229590 305.43 - -
 Kotak Nifty Commodities Index 
Direct-G
1869794 213.08 - -
 Motilal Oswal BSE Enhanced Value 
Index Direct-G
716917 183.82 - -
 Motilal Oswal Nifty 200 Momentum 
30 Index Fund Direct-G
1706006 230.24 - -
 Navi Nifty Bank Index Fund Direct-G 2212717 292.04 - -
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 120 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
119
Particulars Quantity As at 
31st March, 2026
Quantity As at 
31st March, 2025
 Navi Nifty Next 50 Index Fund 
Direct-G
2128535 305.47 - -
 Tata Nifty Midcap 150 Index Direct-G 3517362 324.61 - -
 Bandhan Low Duration Direct-G 6493 2.68 - -
 Total Mutual Funds 2157.26 8575.76
 Investment in Corpoarte Bonds at FVPL
(i) Quoted
 MUTHOOT FINANCE LIMITED OP I 
8.52 NCD 07AP28 FVRS1LAC 
282 306.37 - -
 Mahanagar Telephone Nigam 
Limited SR V.2020 7.05 LOA 110T30 
FVRS10LAC
27 269.51 - -
 STATE BANK OF INDIA SR I 7.75 BD 
PERPETUAL FVRS1CR
2 209.08 - -
(ii) Unquoted
 BROOKFIELD INDIA REAL ESTATE 
TRUST
20408 66.06 - -
 Embassy Office Parks Reit 29628 124.52 - -
 Energy Infrastructure Trust 75000 58.48 - -
 KNOWLEDGE REALTY TRUST REIT 94691 107.57 - -
 MINDSPACE BUSINESS PARKS REIT 9725 43.68 - -
 Vertis Infrastructure Trust 75000 79.95 - -
 Total Corporate Bonds 1265.21 0.00
 Investment in Govt Securities
 7.10% Government Of India 08Apr2034 - 520.43
 7.18% Government of India 24Jul2037 - 206.52
 7.23% Government of India 15Apr2039 - 733.92
 Total Government Securites 0.00 1460.87
 Total Investment 4637.19 10036.63
 Aggregate value of unquoted 
investments
2637.52 8575.76
 Aggregate value of quoted investments 1999.68 1460.87
 Aggregate amount of Impairment in 
the value of investment
- -
18. Trade receivables
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At Amortised Cost
Trade receivable considered good - Unsecured 4,448.61 2,692.14
Trade receivable which have significant increase in credit risk - 186.54
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 121 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
120
Trade Receivables Credit impaired 261.40 53.20
4,710.01 2,901.95
less: Allowances for expected credit loss (391.18) (197.89)
Total 4,318.84 2,704.06
Particular
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment FY 2025-26
Not Due Less than  
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More 
than  
3 years
Total
(i) Undisputed Trade receivables – 
considered good
2393.82 1526.02 146.27 55.66 123.71 203.14 4448.61
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receivables – 
which have significant increase 
in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(iii) Undisputed  Trade Receivables 
– credit impaired
- 3.54 4.87 15.02 73.14 164.83 261.40
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
- - - - - - -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivables – 
which have significant increase 
in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
- - - - - - -
Less : Allowances for expected 
credit loss
- - - - - - (391.18)
Total 2393.82 1529.56 151.14 70.68 196.85 367.97 4318.84
Particular
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment FY 2024-25
Not Due Less than  
6 months
6 months 
- 
1 year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More 
than  
3 years
Total
(i) Undisputed Trade receivables 
– considered good
2043.50 528.91 30.76 30.62 24.09 4.34 2,662.21
(ii) Undisputed Trade Receiv-
ables – which have significant 
increase in credit risk
- - - 57.67 128.87 - 186.54
(iii) Undisputed  Trade Receivables 
– credit impaired
- - - - - 53.20 53.20
(iv) Disputed Trade Receivables– 
considered good
- - - - - - -
(v) Disputed Trade Receivables – 
which have significant in-
crease in credit risk
- - - - - - -
(vi) Disputed Trade Receivables – 
credit impaired
- - - - - - -
Less : Allowances for expected 
credit loss
- - - - - - (197.89)
Total 2,043.50 528.91 30.76 88.29 152.96 57.54 2,704.06
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 122 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
121
18.1 There are no unbilled receivables as at 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2025
18.2 The credit period for trade receivable for textile related is 21 days and for garment related ranges from 60 days 
to 120 days;
18.3 Company is in the process of reconciling balances of some parties. The Company believes that on completion 
of the said process, there would be no material adjustments necessary in the accounts.
18.4 Before accepting any new customer, the Company has appropriate levels of control procedures which ensure 
the potential customer’s credit quality. Credit limits scoring attributed to customers are reviewed periodically 
by the Management;
18.5 Trade receivables hypothecated  as security for bank borrowings - Refer note 26 and 32
18.6  Movement in the expected credit loss allowance
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Balance at the beginning of the year 197.89 113.33
Add: Provision during the year 193.29 84.56
Less:Reversal during the year - -
Balance at the end of the year 391.18 197.89
19. Cash and cash equivalents    
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At Amortised Cost
Balance with Banks 867.53 487.45
- In current account 621.34 473.53
- In cash credit account 246.19 13.90
Cash on hand 3.91 1.98
Total 871.45 489.42
20.   Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents       
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At Amortised Cost
Balances with Banks
Unpaid dividend 8.47 8.97
Other Bank Balances
Fixed deposits with banks with remaining maturity of more than three  but 
less than twelve months
- Held as Marigin money 503.50 428.04
503.50 428.04
Total 511.98 437.01
21. Other financial assets - Current          
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At Amortised Cost
Accrued Income 106.29 26.78
Lease Equalisation Asset 11.72 26.78
Interest receivable on security / fixed deposits 115.38 88.89
Receivable against sale of Capital Assets 40.00 40.00
Electricty Subsidy Receivable - -
Subtotal (A) 273.39 182.46
Subsidy Receivables*
Capital subsidy receivable under TUFS 29.47 29.47
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 123 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
122
Interest subsidy receivable under TUFS 410.88 410.88
Foreign exchange subsidy receivable 311.08 311.08
Less: Loss Allowance (87.65) (56.54)
Subtotal (B) 663.78 694.89
Total ( A + B ) 937.18 877.35
* The amounts are receivable from the government authorities on completion of formalities.
22. Other current assets
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Unsecured, Considered good
Advances other than capital advances
Advances to Suppliers 966.03 122.44
Prepaid Expenses 106.43 54.36
Others 172.59 131.77
Total 1245.04 308.57
23.Current Tax Assets (Net)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
 - Income Tax Paid (net of Provision for tax ) 180.72 291.92
Total 180.72 291.92
While making the provision for Current tax, the Company has relied on the opinion of an expert for the tax treatment 
of gains earned for the Grant of development rights and availability of certain tax benefits in respect of the capital 
expenditure incurred on shifting of the industrial undertaking,as per the provision of the Income Tax Act,1961.
24.Equity Share Capital
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Authorised:
3,50,00,000 (31st March,2025: 3,50,00,000)  
Equity Shares of `5 per value
1,750.00 1,750.00
1,750.00 1,750.00
Issued,Subscribed And Paid Up:
3,34,40,000 (31st March,2025: 3,34,40,000)  
Equity Shares of `5 per value fully paid
1,672.00 1,672.00
Total 1,672.00 1,672.00
24.1 Reconciliation of number of shares:
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
Number of 
shares Amount Number of 
shares Amount
Equity Shares:     
Balance as at the beginning of the 
year
3,34,40,000  1,672.00 3,34,40,000  1,672.00 
Changes during the year -  - -  - 
Balance as at the end of the year 3,34,40,000  1,672.00 3,34,40,000  1,672.00 
24.2  Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares
 i. The Company has only one class of  shares referred to as equity shares having par value of ` 5 per share. 
Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, 
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 124 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
123
the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive any of the remaining assets of the Company, after 
distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity 
shares held by the shareholders.
 ii. The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The final dividend, if any, proposed by the 
Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, 
except in case of interim dividend.
24.3 Details of shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate equity shares in  
  the Company 
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
Number of 
shares % held Number of 
shares % held
Name of the Shareholder
Manubhai and Sons Investment 
Company Private Limited
47,77,800 14.29 47,77,800 14.29
Hiren Brothers Investment 
Company Private Limited
47,77,800 14.29 47,77,800 14.29
M C Shah and Sons Investment 
Company Private Limited
47,76,680 14.28 47,76,680 14.28
Smt Aruna Manharlal Shah 26,55,440 7.94 26,55,440 7.94
24.4 Shareholding of Promoters as at 31st March, 2026
Name Number of 
Shares % of Total Shares % Change During 
the year
Viraj Manharhal Shah 1354640 4.05 -
Aruna Manharlal Shah 2655440 7.94 -
Hiren Manharlal Shah 980600 2.93 -
Bharat Manharlal Shah 1562000 4.67 -
Hiren Brother Investment Company Private Limited 4777800 14.29 -
Manubhai and Sons Investment Company Private Limited 4777800 14.29 -
M C Shah and Sons Investment Company Private Limited 4776680 14.28 -
Hiren Manharlal HUF 470400 1.41 -
Viraj Manharhal HUF 470400 1.41 -
Bharat Manharlal HUF 456400 1.36 -
Dipti Viraj Shah 394000 1.18 -
Asha Yogesh Mehta 5000 0.01 -
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 125 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
124
Name Number of 
Shares % of Total Shares % Change During 
the year
Purav Hiren Shah 769016 2.30 -
Aabha Bharat Shah 346000 1.03 -
Jayshree Hiren Shah 625240 1.87 -
Rishabh Viraj Shah 626224 1.87 -
Total 25047640 74.89 -
Shareholding of Promoters as at 31st March, 2025
Name Number of 
Shares % of Total Shares % Change During 
the year
Promoter Names -
Viraj Manharhal Shah 1354640 4.05 -
Aruna Manharlal Shah 2655440 7.94 -
Hiren Manharlal Shah 980600 2.93 -
Bharat Manharlal Shah 1562000 4.67 -
Hiren Brother Investment Company Private Limited 4777800 14.29 -
Manubhai and Sons Investment Company Private Limited 4777800 14.29 -
M C Shah and Sons Investment Company Private Limited 4776680 14.28 -
Hiren Manharlal HUF 470400 1.41 -
Viraj Manharhal HUF 470400 1.41 -
Bharat Manharlal HUF 456400 1.36 -
Dipti Viraj Shah 394000 1.18 -
Asha Yogesh Mehta 5000 0.01
Purav Hiren Shah 769016 2.30 -
Aabha Bharat Shah 346000 1.03 -
Jayshree Hiren Shah 625240 1.87 -
Rishabh Viraj Shah 626224 1.87 -
Total 25047640 74.89 -
25. Other equity
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Securities Premium 859.20  859.20 
General Reserve 30,039.35  30,039.35 
Retained Earnings 34,866.20 31,097.73 
Total 65,764.75 61,996.28
Movement in other equity
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Securities Premium   
Balance at the beginning of the year 859.20 859.20
Less : Capitalised for Issue of Bonus Shares - -
Balance at the end of the year 859.20 859.20
General Reserve
  
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 126 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
125
Balance at the beginning of the year 30,039.35 30,039.35
Balance at the end of the year 30,039.35 30,039.35
Retained Earnings
  
Balance at the beginning of the year 31,097.73 27,460.13
Add : Profit for the year as per Statement of Profit and Loss 4,357.95 4,231.25
Add: Remeasurement of defined employee benefit plans (4.28) (8.45)
Less: Dividend Paid (585.20) (585.20)
Balance at the end of the year 34,866.20 31,097.73
Total other equity 65,764.75 61,996.28
25.1 Nature and Purpose of reserves
 i Securities premium reserve
  Securities premium reserve is used to record the premium on issue of shares. These reserve is utilised in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act;
 ii General Reserve
  The general reserve represents amounts appropriated out of retained earnings and are available for 
distribution to shareholders.
 iii Retained Earnings
  Retained earnings are the profits that the group has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, 
dividends or other distributionspaid to shareholders. Retained earnings includes re-measurement loss / 
(gain) on defined benefit plans, net of taxes that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss. 
Retained earnings is a free reserve available to the Company.
25.2 Dividend on equity shares :
 Dividend paid during the year ended 31st March, 2026 amounting to ` 585.20 Lacs ( ` 1.75 per equity share) 
towards final dividend for the year ended 31st March, 2025 as disclosed above.
 The Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting on 28th May, 2026 recommended final Dividend of  
` 2.5 per equity share for the year ended 31st March, 2026. This  payment is subject to the approval of 
shareholders in the Annual General Meeting of the Company and if approved would result in net cash outflow 
of ` 836 lakhs
26. Borrowings - Non - current
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At amortised cost  
Secured 
Term Loans  
- From Banks 32,616.67 28,393.31
- From Banks- Parties 77.18 107.05
Unsecured 
- From others 584.99 634.99
Total 33,278.84 29,135.35
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 127 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
126
Sr. 
No. Nature of Security Rate of Interest As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
I. Term  Loans From Banks:
i Term Loan from IndusInd Bank of  ` 1,000.00 
lakhs repayable in 84 monthly instalments 
starting from the date of first disbursement i.e. 
commencing from June 2021 is secured by :
9.25% 319.42 458.90
a. Registered mortgage of premises on 9th Floor, 
Wing A, Ruby House,  J K Sawant marg, Dadar 
(West), Mumbai 400028, Maharashtra.
b. Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of 
the Company.
ii. LRD Loan from HDFC Limited of  ` 25,000.00 
lakhs sanctioned and ` 23,000.00 lakhs availed 
is repayable in  144  monthly instalments to be 
commenced from January , 2017 secured by:
8.50% 10,180.12 13,940.75
a. First exclusive charge through registered 
mortgage on the leased premises of 1,82,348 
sq.ft. with respective lessee of the 4th, 7th, 9th, 
18th Floors, North East Wing and entire 14th to 
16th Floors aggregating to 1,82,348 sq. ft. area 
of the building "The Ruby" at 29 Senapati Bapat 
Marg, Dadar (W),Mumbai 400028, Maharashtra 
b. Assignment of Receivables from the Leave & 
License of above mentioned commercial property 
through an Escrow account.
c. Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of 
the Company.
iii LRD DLOD Loan from Indusind Bank Limited of   
` 3,000.00 lakhs sactioned and ` 3,000.00 lakhs 
availed under Loan Against Commercial Property 
is repayable in  144  monthly instalments to be 
commenced from January, 2019 secured by:
9.25% 1030.11 1297.52
a. Collateral Exclusive charge through registered 
mortgage on commercial property : on 6th floor, 
south wing, along with 9 car parking at building 
known as “The Ruby”, 29 Senapati Bapat Marg, 
Dadar (W), Mumbai 400028, Maharashtra
b. ESCROW of Rent from Lessee (6th floor)
c. Assignment of Receivables from the Leave & 
License of above mentioned commercial property 
through an Escrow account.
d. Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of 
the Company.
iv. LRD DLOD Loan from Indusind Bank Limited 
of  r 1,558.00 lakhs sactioned and r 1,558 lakhs 
availed under Loan Against Property  commercial 
is repayable in 156 monthly instalments to be 
commenced from June, 2019 secured by:
9.25% 609.78 913.92
a. Collateral Exclusive charge through registered 
mortgage on commercial property : on 5th floor, 
North East wing, along with 5 car parking at 
building known as “The Ruby”, 29 Senapati Bapat 
Marg, Dadar (W),Mumbai 400028, Maharashtra
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 128 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
127
Sr. 
No. Nature of Security Rate of Interest As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
b. ESCROW of Rent from M/s. Ernst & Young 
Services Pvt. Ltd (5th Floor)
c. Assignment of Receivables from the Leave & 
License of above mentioned commercial property 
through an Escrow account.
d. Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of 
the Company.
ii LRD Loan from Union Bank of India Limited 
of `. 25,000.00 lakhs sanctioned and availed 
is repayable in 144 monthly instalments to be 
commenced from January , 2025 secured by:
8.25% 24,439.55 14,611.27
a 1st Charge by the way of hypothecation of the 
future lease rentral pertaining to office premises 
on 26th floor, to 29th floor at building known as 
"The Ruby", 29 Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (W), 
Mumbai 400028, Maharashtra.
b Assignment of Receivables from the Leave & 
License of above-mentioned commercial property 
through an Escrow cum current account
c Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of 
the Company.
II. Term  Loan From Other Parties:-
ia Loan from Mercedes Benz Financial Services 
Private Ltd. (Previously Daimler Financial 
Services India Private Limited) of `. 118.00 lakhs 
is repayable in 60 equal monthly instalment 
commencing from 14th November, 2024, secured 
against hypothecation of specified vehicle in the 
relevant agreement.
8.60% 92.40 111.62
ib Loan from Daimler Financial Services India Private 
Limited of `. 82.49 lakhs is repayable in 60 equal 
monthly instalment commencing from 02nd 
February, 2022, secured against hypothecation 
of specified vehicle.
6.85% 14.68 33.55
Total of (I)+(II) 36686.06 31367.54
Less: Current maturities of long term debt (3992.22) (2867.18)
32693.84 28500.36
iii. Terms of Repayment of unsecured borrowings
Loans and advances from Related Parties
Inter Corporate Deposits 8% - 13%
Terms of Repayment:
Long term loans from unrelated parties are 
repayable after
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 129 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
128
Sr. 
No. Nature of Security Rate of Interest As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
31st March, 2026 and loans which are short term 
in nature are repayable on demand.
- From Related Parties
- From Others 584.99 634.99
Funds raised by the company were spent for the purpose for which they were obtained.
27. Lease Liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Lease liabilities ( Refer Note 50) 220.32 30.99
Total 220.32 30.99
28. Other financial liabilities - Non Current
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At Amortised Cost
Trade and Security Deposits 5,131.57 2,213.56
Total 5131.57 2213.56
29. Provisions
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Provision for Employee Benefits (Refer Note 47)
- for Leave encashment 59.38 43.22
Total 59.38 43.22
30. Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Deferred tax assets 194.04 43.96
Deferred tax liabilities (1,265.39) (698.87)
Net Deferred Tax Assets / (Liabilities) (1,071.35) (654.91)
30.1 Movement in deferred tax balances as at 31st March 2026
Particulars
Net  
Balance as 
at 1st April, 
2025
Recognised 
in profit or 
loss
Rec-
ognised in 
OCI
As at 31st March, 2024
Net  
Balance
Deferred 
tax Asset
Deferred tax 
Liability
Deferred tax assets / (liabilities)
Property, plant and equipment,  
Capital work-in-progress and 
Asset held for sale
(547.68) (633.04) (1180.72) - (1180.72)
On account of Leases 1.47 (1.47) - - -
Inventories 2.26 (2.26) - - -
Investments (190.68) 106.03 (84.65) - (84.65)
Trade and other receivables 52.60 45.85 98.45 98.45 -
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 130 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
129
Loans and borrowings (13.10) 13.10 (0.00) - (0.00)
Employee benefits 22.72 44.80 1.44 68.96 68.96 -
Deferred income 17.49 (17.49) (0.00) (0.00) -
Provisions 26.61 26.61 26.61 -
Net deferred tax assets/(Liabilities) (654.92) (417.86) 1.44 (1071.35) (194.02) (1265.39)
Unused tax assets (MAT credit 
entitlement)
- - - -
Less: Utilised during the year - - - -
Unused tax credit - - - -
Net deferred tax assets/(Liabilities) 1.44 (1071.35) (194.02) (1265.39)
Movement in deferred tax balances as at 31st March 2025
Particulars
Net  
Balance as 
at 1st April, 
2025
Recognised 
in profit or 
loss
Recognised 
in OCI
As at 31st March, 2025
Net  
Balance
Deferred 
tax asset
Deferred 
tax  
Liability
Deferred tax assets / (liabilities)
Property, plant and equipment,  
Capital work-in-progress and Asset 
held for sale
(304.60) (243.08) (547.68) - (547.68)
On account of Leases 1.93 (0.46)  1.47 1.47 -
Loans 175.50 (175.50) 0.00 0.00 -
Inventories 2.26 -  2.26 2.26 -
Investments 0.00 (190.68)  (190.68) - (190.68)
Trade and other receivables (35.25) 87.86  52.60 52.60
Loans and borrowings (79.69) 66.59  (13.10) - (13.10)
Employee benefits 11.90 7.98 (2.84) 22.72 22.72 -
Deferred income 63.09 (45.60)  17.49 17.49 -
Net deferred tax Assets/(Liabilities) (164.86) (492.90) (2.84)  (654.91) 43.96 (698.87)
Unused tax assets (MAT credit  
entitlement)
- - - -
Less: Utilised during the year - - - -
Unused tax credit - - - -
Net deferred tax assets/(Liabilities) (2.84)  (654.91) 43.96 (698.87)
31. Other non-current liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Deffered Income
Deferred Government Grants 3.12 3.90
Advance from Customer 1,006.19 1.00
Advance against sale of property 3,175.00 -
Total 4,184.31 4.90
32. Borrowings - Current
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At Amortised Cost  
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 131 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
130
Secured
Loans repayable on demand  
From banks  
- Cash credit and overdraft facilities ( Refer Note 32.1.i ) - 440.80
Unsecured
- Supplier Credit ( Refer Note 32.1.ii ) - 317.27
Current maturities of long term borrowings  ( Refer Note 26 )
- From Banks 3,962.31 2,835.26
- From other parties 29.91 31.92
Total 3,992.22 3,625.25
32.1  Cash Credit and Overdraft Facilities are secured as under :
 i. Bank of India - NIL (31st March, 2025 ` 4.91 lakhs)
  Bank of Baroda - NIL (31st March, 2025 : 435.89 lakhs)
  Secured against
  a. First pari passu charge on entire Current Assets, both present and future, of the Company.
  b. Second pari passu charge on Land and Building and Plant and Machinery on Company’s Assets at 
Dhamini and Kharsundi.
  c. Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of the Company.
  a. Primary secured by the way of pledge of Stock as per the warehouse receipt from the borrower.
  b. Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of the Company.
 ii. Exclusive charge by way of Hypothecation of Machinery purchased by the Company.
  Registered Mortgage of 1st Floor, Ruby House, Near Plaza Cinema, J. K.
  Sawant Marg, Dadar (West), Mumbai 400028 owned by the Company
  Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of the Company.”
  
32.2 Reconcilliation of Quaterly return / statement filed with banks with books of accounts
Quarter ended Name of 
Bank
Details of 
security 
provided
Amount as 
per Books
Amount 
reported in 
quarterly 
returns
Amount of 
Difference
Quarter 1-Inventories*
State Bank 
of India, 
Bank of 
Baroda 
and Bank 
of India
As per 
Note 32.1
8500.76 8611.74 (110.98)
Quarter 1-Trade Receivables** 2489.07 2489.73 (0.66)
Quarter 2-Inventories* 8657.33 8657.69 (0.36)
Quarter 2-Trade Receivables** 3353.25 3356.62 (3.37)
Quarter 3-Inventories* 9347.81 9464.91 (117.09)
Quarter 3-Trade Receivables** 2841.93 2651.07 190.86
Quarter 4-Inventories* 8634.30 8320.03 314.27
Quarter 4-Trade Receivables** 3505.14 3504.68 0.45
* On account of difference in standard cost considered in quarterly returns and actual cost on absorption basis in books
** On account of reconciliation during the closure of period
33. Lease Liability
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 132 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
131
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Lease liabilities (Refer Note 49) 13.11 41.86
Total 13.11 41.86
34. Trade payables
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small Enterprises 1,311.78 264.82
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and 
small enterprises
2,582.48 2,854.09
Total 3,894.26 3,118.91
Particulars 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment FY 2025-26
Not Due Less than 
1 year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More than 
3 years Total
(i) MSME 867.06 250.53 43.92 45.03 105.24 1,311.78
(ii) Other 1,234.75 737.21 79.92 57.84 472.76 2,582.48
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME - - - - - -
(iv) Disputed dues – Others - - - - - -
Total 2,101.81 987.74 123.84 102.87 578.00 3,894.26
Particulars 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment FY 2024-25
Not Due Less than 
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
(i) MSME 187.69 60.27 0.30 5.90 10.66 264.82
(ii) Other 1,508.30 642.02 110.51 116.89 476.36 2,854.09
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME - - - - - -
(iv) Disputed dues – Others - - - - - -
Total 1,695.99 702.29 110.81 122.80 487.02 3,118.91
34.1 Trade payables are non - interest bearing and are normally settled within 45 - 60 days.
34.2 Company is in the process of reconciling balances of some parties. The Company believes that on completion 
of the said process, there would be no material adjustments necessary in the accounts.
34.3 Micro and Small enterprises under the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED 
Act) have been determined based on the information available with the Company and the required disclosure 
are given below:
34.4 Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
a. Principal amount and interest due thereon remaining unpaid to 
any supplier covered under MSMED Act 
 
 Principal 1,311.78 264.82
 Interest 17.33 4.62
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 133 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
132
34.4 Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
b. The amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16, 
of the MSMED Act, 2006 along with the amounts of the payment 
made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during each 
accounting year
c. The amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay 
in making payment (which have been paid but beyond the 
appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest 
specified under MSMED Act
d. The amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at the end 
of each accounting year
17.33 4.62
e. The amount of further interest remaining due and payable even 
in the succeeding years, until such date when the interest dues 
as above are actually paid to the small enterprise for the purpose 
of disallowance as a deductible expenditure under section 23 of 
the MSMED Act, 2006
17.33 4.62
35. Other financial liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
At Amortised Cost
Interest accrued but not due 122.63 99.53
Unpaid Dividend* 8.47 8.97 
Trade and security deposits. 0.10 0.09
Liabilities for Capital Expenses 65.75 103.61
Other Liabilities:
Salaries, wages and other employee benefits payable 196.72 164.64
Others 822.20 609.53
Total 1215.87 986.37
36. Other current liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Advances from customers 577.55 63.77
Statutory liabilities 298.93 120.02
Deferred Government Grants 0.79 0.79
Advance against Sale of Asset 12.00 51.00
Total 889.27 235.58
37. Provisions
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
- for Gratuity (Net Obligation) 144.98 - 
- for Leave encashment 20.19 17.05
Total 165.17 17.05
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 134 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
133
38. Revenue from Operations
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
a) Sales of products
Sale of Products 29176.67 21097.79
b) Other Operating Revenues
Sale of Scrap 36.80 29.56
Duty Drawback on exports 13.42 10.73
Total revenue from contracts with customers 29226.90 21138.07
License Fees and Other Amenities 6274.70 3,192.85
Grant of development rights 357.96 202.73
Total 6632.66 3395.58
Total Revenue from Operations 35859.56 24533.65
39. Other Income
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Interest Inome from financial assets at amortised cost
On bank deposits 49.65 249.81
On loans and advances 316.19 252.61
Other Interest 198.36 23.97
Dividend Income
From Non-Current Investment At FVOCI 0.75 0.16
From Non-Current Investment At FVTPL 35.00 -
Other non-operating Income
Net gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment 241.02 240.69
Sundry credit balances and excess provisions written back 35.94 985.84
Miscellaneous income ** 8.90 5.74
Gain or loss on Financial Instruments
Gain on sale of investments valued at FVTPL 471.56 95.32
Fair valuaton/ Gain on investment in mutual funds - 54.04
Fair Value Gain on Unlisted Shares classified as FVTPL 355.00 534.77
Total 1755.53 2442.95
Interest income on Fixed deposits created for the development of property 
directly charged to due from developer
60.40 28.49
*’Interest Income on loans and advances includes interest on excess fund directly paid towards DLOD facility 
availed directly charged to Due from Developer amounting to ` 316.19 Lakhs.
40. Cost of Materials Consumed        
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Inventories at the beginning of the year 728.31 590.42
Add : Purchases 12792.49 10678.84
Less : Sale of Raw Material (194.84) (428.09)
Less: Inventories at the end of the year (876.89) (728.31)
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 135 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
134
 Total 12449.07 10112.86
41. Changes in Inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods 1026.76 1025.13
Work in Progress 5998.55 3715.94
Other 2.45 6.27
(a) 7027.76 4747.34
Inventories at the end of the Quarter
Finished Goods 2005.73 1026.76
Work in Progress 4999.59 5998.55
Others 1.63 2.45
(b) 7006.95 7027.76
Net (Increase)/Decrease in Inventories (a) -(b) 20.81 (2280.42)
42. Employee Benefits Expense
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Salaries, wages and benefits 3077.72 2680.79
Contribution to provident and other funds 181.50 180.36
Staff welfare expenses 36.86 42.46
Total 3296.08 2903.61
The New Labour Code was introduced by Government of India on 21st November 2025 and further rules were 
published in May 2026, while the State Government rules are still awaited.In the meantime based on actuarial 
valuation, the Company has calculated its gratuity and earned leave liability and made an additional provision in 
accounts for the year ended 31st March 2026 to the extent of ` 185 Lakhs.
43. Finance Costs
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Interest expense
 - Cash credit facilities / buyers' credit 9.40 93.30
 - Term Loans - others 1137.81 4.04
 - Lease Liability 7.44 10.53
 - Others 319.97 292.41
Other borrowing costs 67.77 74.38
Total 1542.39 474.66
43.1 Finance cost on borrowing taken for the development of property 
directly charged to due from developer (as per the terms of 
agreement)
2378.96 1969.19
44. Depreciation and Amortisation expense
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Depreciation on Property , Plant and Equipment  (Refer Note 4 ) 981.09 946.70
Depreciation on Investment property ( Refer Note 7 ) 1411.62 124.88
Depreciation on Right of use assets (Refer Note 5) 40.05 47.85
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 136 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
135
Amortisation of intangible assets ( Refer Note 8 ) 15.41 12.73
Total 2448.17 1132.16
45. Other Expenses
 Particulars Year ended 
31st March, 2026
Year ended 
31st March, 2025
Consumption of Stores and spares, packing materials, etc 2888.83 2404.99
Power and fuel 4091.73 3476.23
Brokerage and commission 670.50 542.49
Common Area Maintenance Expenditure 230.62 -
Rent 9.55 8.44
Repairs and Maintenance
Building - -
- Textile 464.86 422.24
- Real Estate 640.46 -
Machinery 72.50 87.73
Others 6.79 1.86
Insurance 128.45 102.89
Rates and taxes 371.10 189.31
Director's sitting fees 36.80 27.20
Director Commission 25.20 25.00
Auditors Remuneration
Audit fees 21.05 17.00
Corporate Social Responsbility (Refer Note 56) 85.30 75.00
Labour contractor charges 990.16 707.27
Freight and Forwarding 258.97 182.72
Travelling and conveyance 188.12 209.56
Legal and professional fees 565.14 376.69
Donations 7.58 4.70
Fair Value MTM Loss 373.46 -
Loss on foreign currency transactions and translations (net) - 11.08
Provision for Doubtful Debts (includes expected credit loss on trade 
receivables)
178.04 132.61
Miscellaneous Expenses 256.55 243.31
Total 12555.07 9257.15
46. Tax Expense and deferred tax Assets (Net) 
A. Amounts recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss
Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Year ended  
31st March, 2025
Current tax expense (a)
In respect of current year 527.67 651.61
In respect of earlier years - 0.84
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 137 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
136
527.67 652.45
Deferred tax expense (b)
In respect of current year 417.88 492.89
Tax expense recognised in the income statement (a+b) 945.55 1145.34
B Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Before Tax Tax (Expense) 
Benefit
Before Tax Tax (Expense) 
Benefit
Items that will not be reclassified to profit 
or  loss
Remeasurements of the defined benefit 
plans
(5.72) 1.44 (11.29) 2.84
(5.72) 1.44 (11.29) 2.84
c    Reconciliation of effective tax rate
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
% Amount % Amount
Profit before tax 5,303.50 5,376.58
Tax using the Company's domestic tax rate 
(Current year 25.17% and Previous Year 25.17%)
25.17% 1,334.95 25.17% 1,353.29
Tax effect of:
Expenses not deductible / income not 
chargeable under Income Tax Act
56.18 135.40
Tax paid at lower rate (550.56)
Additional allowance for tax purpose 155.55 (249.93)
Profit on sale of achinery (60.66) (60.58)
Others 10.09 (33.67)
Effective Income Tax Rate 945.55 1,144.50
Adjustments recognised in current year in 
relation to the current tax of prior years
- 0.84
Income Tax Expense 17.83% 945.55 21.30% 1,145.34
47 Employee Benefits
A Post Employment Benefit Plans:
 Defined Contribution Scheme
 The company makes contributions towards provident fund to define contribution retirement benefit plan for 
qualifying employees. The Provident fund contributions are made to Government administered employees’ 
provident fund. Both the employees and the company make monthly contributions to the provident fund plan 
equal to a specified percentage of the covered employees salary.
 The company has recognised `150.20 lakhs (31st March,2025 ` 150.05 lakhs) for Provident fund contributions 
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 138 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
137
in the statement of Profit and Loss.
 Defined Benefit Plans
 The Company has the following Defined Benefit Plans
 Gratuity:
 The company makes annual contribution to Ruby Mills Limited Employees’ Gratuity Fund managed by HDFC 
Standard Life Insurance Limited and Bajaj Allianz; a funded defined benefit plan for the qualifying employees. 
The scheme provides for Payment to vested employees as under:
 i.  On normal retirement / early retirement /withdrawals/ resignation : As per the provisions of payment of 
Gratuity Act, 1972.
 ii. On death in service : As per provisions of Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972.
 Movement in net defined benefit (asset)/ liability
 i. Reconciliation of balances of Defined Benefit Obligations.
Particulars Gratuity Funded
2025-26 2024-25
Defined Obligations at the beginning of the year 429.88 388.91
Interest Cost 23.88 22.94
Current Service Cost 161.76 38.68
Past Service Cost (Non-Vested Benefits) 1.49 0.00
Past Service Cost (Vested Benefits) 58.89 0.00
Benefits paid (26.88) (35.82)
Actuarial (Gains)/ Losses on obligations
- Changes in financial Assumptions (19.49) 10.85
- Experience adjustments (2.23) 3.76
- Demographic adjustments (2.26) 0.56
Defined Obligations at the end of the year 625.06 429.89
 ii. Reconciliation of balances of Fair Value of Plan Assets in respect of Gratuity
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Fair Value at the beginning of the year 477.43 441.68
Adjustment to Opening Fair Value of Plan Asset 22.89 0.00
Interest income (a) 32.35 30.82
Return on Plan Assets, excluding interest income(b) (52.59) 3.88
Actual Return on Plan assets (a+b) (20.23) 34.71
Contribution by employer - 11.00
Contribution by employee
Reimbursemnet Received - -
Benefits paid - (9.95)
Fair Value of Plan Assets at the end of the year 480.09 477.43
 iii.
Amount recognised in Balance sheet (i-ii) 144.98 (47.54)
 iv. Amount recognised in statement of Profit and Loss.
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Current Service Cost 161.76 38.68
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 139 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
138
Interest Cost 23.88 22.94
Interest income (32.35) (30.82)
Past Service Cost (Vested Benefits) 58.89 -
Past Service Cost (Non Vested Benefits) 1.49 -
Expenses for the year 213.68 30.81
 v. Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income 
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Remeasurements :
Actuarial (Gains)/ Losses 
-Changes in financial assumptions (19.49) 10.85
-Experience adjustments (2.23) 3.76
-Demographic adjustments (2.26) 0.56
Return on plan assets excluding net interest cost 52.59 (3.88)
Total 28.60 11.28
 vi. Major Actuarial Assumptions
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
Discount Rate (%)
Staff 6.79% 6.41%
Workers 7.25% 6.53%
Contractual 6.65%
Salary Escalation/ Inflation (%)
Staff 4.00% 4.00%
Workers 5.00% 5.00%
Contractual 5.00%
Attrition rate
Staff 8.30% 8.00%
Workers 3.82% 4.60%
Contractual 10.00%
Mortality Rates
Staff IALM (2012-14) ULT IALM (2012-14) ULT
Workers IALM (2012-14) ULT IALM (2012-14) ULT
Contractual IALM (2012-14) ULT
Expected Return on Plan assets (%)
Staff 6.79% 6.41%
Workers 7.25% 6.53%
Contractual 6.65%
 The estimates for future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take into account inflation, seniority, 
promotion and other relevant factors
 The expected return on plan assets is based on market expectation at the beginning of the period, for returns 
over the entire life of the related obligation
 vii. Investment Pattern for Fund
Particulars 2025-26 2024-25
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 140 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
139
Category of Asset
Insurer Managed funds 480.09 477.43
Total 480.09 477.43
 For the funded plans, the trust maintains appropriate fund balance considering the analysis of maturities. 
Projected Unit credit method is adopted for Asset-Liability Matching.
 Sensitivity analysis
 Sensitivity analysis for significant actuarial assumptions, showing how the defined benefit obligation would 
be affected, considering increase/decrease of 1% as at 31st March, 2026 is as below:
Particulars Gratuity - 
Funded
+ 1% change in rate of Discounting 590.99
- 1% change in rate of Discounting 663.73
+ 1% change in rate of Salary increase/ inflation 661.29
- 1% change in rate of Salary increase/ inflation 592.63
 Sensitivity analysis for significant actuarial assumptions, showing how the defined benefit obligation would 
be affected, considering increase/decrease of 1% as at 31st March, 2025 is as below:
Particulars Gratuity - 
Funded
+ 1% change in rate of Discounting 407.63
- 1% change in rate of Discounting 455.13
+ 1% change in rate of Salary increase/ inflation 452.88
- 1% change in rate of Salary increase/ inflation 409.28
 Sensitivity for significant actuarial assumptions is computed by varying one actuarial assumption used for the 
valuation keeping all other actuarial assumptions constant.
 The expected future cash flows as at 31st March 2026 were as follows:
Expected Payout Gratuity - 
Funded
Projected benefits payable in future years from the date of reporting
1st following year 146.33
2nd following year 44.06
3rd following year 55.83
4th following year 68.40
5th following year 54.37
Years 6 to 10 247.75
 The expected future cash flows as at 31st March 2025 were as follows:
Expected Payout Gratuity - 
Funded
Projected benefits payable in future years from the date of reporting
1st following year 122.58
2nd following year 25.76
3rd following year 30.61
4th following year 36.56
5th following year 42.79
Years 6 to 10 154.53
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 141 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
140
 Other details as at 31st March 2026
 Weighted average duration of the Projected Benefit Obligation(in years)
Expected Payout Gratuity - 
Funded
    Staff 3.32
    Workers 8.76
Contractual 6.64
Prescribed contribution for next year 161.76
 Other details as at 31st March 2025
 Weighted average duration of the Projected Benefit Obligation(in years)
Expected Payout Gratuity - 
Funded
    Staff 3.39
    Workers 8.48
Prescribed contribution for next year 43.39
B Other Long Term Benefits :
 Leave Salary
 The Leave Salary cover the Company’s liability for casual and earned leave.Entire amount of the provision is 
presented as current, since the Company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for any of 
these obligations. However, based on past experience, the Company does not expect all employees to take the 
full amount of accrued leave or require payment within the next 12 months. The following amounts reflect leave 
that is not expected to be taken or paid within the next 12 months.
Expected Payout 2025-26 2024-25
Leave Salary expected to be settled after twelve months 59.38 43.22
48 Related Party disclosures
 In Compliance with Indian Accounting Standard ( Ind As 24 )-”Related Party Disclosures” notified under 
section 133 of the Act read with Companies (Accounting Standard) Rules 2015, the required disclosure are 
given below:-
A List of related parties and relationships
 i Key Managerial Personnel:
a) Executive Directors Hiren M. Shah (Executive Chairman)
Bharat M. Shah (Managing Director)
Viraj M. Shah (Managing Director)
Purav H. Shah (Executive Director,  
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer)
b) Other Key Managerial Personnel Aruna M. Shah ( Chairman Emeritus )
Gurudas Aras (Independent Director )
Yogen S. Lathia (Independent Director Upto 28th December, 2025)
Deepak R Shah ( Non-Executive Non-Independent Director )
Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla (Independent Director)
Jaswanti Patel ( Independent Director )
Rahul Divan ( Independent Director )
Paras Savla ( Independent Director w.e.f 27th December 2025 )
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 142 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
141
Anuradha Tendulkar ( Company Secretary )
Rishabh V. Shah (President)
ii Entities Controlled by Key 
Managerial Personnel
Smt Sushilaben R Mehta and  
Sir Kikabhai premchand Cardiac Institute
Manubhai & Sons Investment Company Private Limited
Hiren Bros. Investment Company Private Limited
M C Shah & Sons Investment Company Private Limited
Lathia Industrial Rollers Private Limited
Lathia Industrial Supplies Company Private Limited
Dawn Enterprise
Fairway Sports Private Ltd
Industrial Roler Corporation
Industrial Enterprise
B Disclosure of transactions between the Company and related parties and the status of outstanding balance as 
on 31st March, 2026
i. 
Disclosures in respect of 
transactions/balances with 
related parties
Key Managerial 
Personnel
Enterprise on which 
key Managerial 
Personnel has control 
Total
As at  
31st March, 
2026
As at  
31st March, 
2025
As at  
31st March, 
2026
As at  
31st March, 
2025
As at  
31st March, 
2026
As at  
31st March, 
2025
Balance as at year end
Other payables 
DAWN ENTERPRISE 1.63 4.91 1.63 4.91
LATHIA RUBBER MFG.CO. PVT.
LTD.
0.20 0.20 0.20 0.20
INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISE 0.26 0.26 0.26 0.26
Industrial Roler Corporation 1.44 0.07 1.44 0.07
Shri Hiren M. Shah 16.79 16.79 16.79 16.79
Shri Bharat M. Shah 16.79 16.79 16.79 16.79
Shri Viraj M. Shah 16.79 16.79 16.79 16.79
Shri Purav H. Shah 11.75 11.75 11.75 11.75
Shri Rishabh V. Shah 10.63 10.63 10.63 10.63
Shri Deepak Shah 4.20 4.20
Shri Mehernosh Currawala 4.20 4.20
Shri Shardul Thacker 0.00
Shri Yogen Lathia  
(Upto 27th December, 2025)
3.15 3.15
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 143 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
142
Smt. Jasvanti Patel 4.20 4.20
Shri Rahul Divan 4.20 4.20
Shri Gurudas Aras 4.20 4.20
Shri Paras Savla  
(w.e.f 27th December, 2025 )
1.05 1.05
Total 97.95 72.75 3.53 5.44 101.48 78.19
Security Deposit-Received
Shri Viraj M. Shah (Common 
Area Maintenance (CAM) 
Income)
8.00 - 8.00 -
Total 8.00 - - - 8.00 -
Expenses
Rent
Shri Bharat M. Shah 14.40 14.40 14.40 14.40
Shri Viraj M. Shah 14.40 14.40 14.40 14.40
Professional Fees
Deepak Shah - 1.40 1.40
Labour Charges
Dawn Enterprise 7.29 7.29
Fairway Sports Private Ltd 0.06 0.06
Industrial Roler Corporation  
(upto 27th December 2025)
17.23 11.57 17.23 11.57
Industrial Enterprise  
(upto 27th December 2025)
1.52 7.30 1.52 7.30
Income
Shri Viraj M. Shah  
(Common Area Maintenance 
(CAM) Income)
2.54 - 2.54
Sale of Fabric
#Siyaram Silk Mills Limited - -
CSR Expenses
Smt Sushilaben R Mehta 
and Sir Kikabhai premchand 
Cardiac Institute
55.00 55.00
Shree Saurashtra Dashashrimali 
Seva Sangh
10.00 50.00 10.00 50.00
Total 31.34 30.20 83.75 76.22 115.09 106.42
 #Previously disclosed as related party transactions due to a common independent director, dealings with 
Siyaram Silk Mills Limited were reassessed and no longer qualify under Ind AS 24 and the Companies Act, 2013, 
as there is no control, joint control, or significant influence; hence, they are excluded with no impact on the 
financial statements.
Sitting Fees
Shri Deepak Shah 7.40 4.40 7.40 4.40
Shri Mehernosh Currawala 5.00 4.00 5.00 4.00
Shri Shardul Thacker - 3.60 - 3.60
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 144 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
143
Shri Yogen Lathia  
(Upto 28th December, 2025)
5.20 6.20 5.20 6.20
Smt. Jasvanti Patel 4.40 1.80 4.40 1.80
Shri Rahul Divan 7.40 5.60 7.40 5.60
Shri Gurudas Aras 4.80 1.60 4.80 1.60
Shri Paras Savla  
(w.e.f 27th December, 2025)
2.60 2.60
Total 36.80 27.20 36.80 27.20
Director's Commission
Shri Deepak Shah 4.20 4.20 4.20 4.20
Shri Mehernosh Currawala 4.20 4.20 4.20 4.20
Shri Shardul Thacker - 2.10 - 2.10
Shri Yogen Lathia  
(Upto 27th December, 2025)
3.15 4.20 3.15 4.20
Smt. Jasvanti Patel 4.20 4.20 4.20 4.20
Shri Rahul Divan 4.20 4.20 4.20 4.20
Shri Gurudas Aras 4.20 2.10 4.20 2.10
Shri Paras Savla  
(w.e.f 27th December, 2025)
1.05 1.05
Total 25.20 25.20 25.20 25.20
For Commission Expense 
regarding current year it is 
still Outstanding
Remuneration of Key 
Managerial Personnel
Shri Hiren M. Shah 201.48 201.48 201.48 201.48
Shri Bharat M. Shah 201.48 201.48 201.48 201.48
Shri Viraj M. Shah 201.48 201.48 201.48 201.48
Shri Purav H. Shah 141.00 141.00 141.00 141.00
Shri Rishabh V. Shah 127.56 127.56 127.56 127.56
Smt. Anuradha Tendulkar 3.00 3.00 3.00 3.00
Total 876.00 876.00 876.00 876.00
Dividend Paid
Smt. Aruna M. Shah 46.47 46.47 46.47 46.47
Shri Hiren M. Shah 25.39 25.39 25.39 25.39
Shri Bharat M. Shah 35.32 35.32 35.32 35.32
Shri Viraj M. Shah 31.94 31.94 31.94 31.94
Shri Purav H. Shah 13.46 13.46 13.46 13.46
Shri Rishabh V. Shah 10.96 10.96 10.96 10.96
Shri Yogen Lathia  
(Upto 27th December, 2025)
0.06 0.06 0.06 0.06
Shri Mehernosh Currawala 0.04 0.04 0.04 0.04
Manubhai & Sons Investment 
Company Private Limited
83.61 83.61 83.61 83.61
Hiren Bros. Investment 
Company Private Limited
83.61 83.61 83.61 83.61
M C Shah & Sons Investment 
Company Private Limited
83.59 83.59 83.59 83.59
Total 414.44 414.44 414.44 414.44
 Remuneration paid include perquisites which does not form part of Managerial remuneration calculation as per 
Schedule V of The Companies Act 2013.
B1 Disclosure of Transaction with Subsidiary
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 145 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
144
Party Nature of 
Transaction
Year ended 
31st March, 2026
Ruby Greentech T Private Limited Share Capital 1.00
Total 1.00
Party Nature of 
Transaction
Year ended 
31st March, 2026
Ruby Greentech K Private Limited Share Capital 1.00
Total 1.00
C Key Managerial Compensation*
i For referred in i (a) above
Remuneration Year ended 
31st March, 2026
Year ended 
31st March, 2025
Short-term employee benefits 745.44 745.44
Post-employment benefits 93.02 93.02
838.46 838.46
ii For referred in i (b) above
Remuneration Year ended 
31st March, 2026
Year ended 
31st March, 2025
Short-term employee benefits 3.00 3.00
Post-employment benefits
Others  
(Including Sitting fees & Commission to Non-executive directors)
62.00 52.40
65.00 55.40
 * This aforesaid amount does not includes amounts in respect of gratuity and leave entitlement as the same is 
not determinable.
D Shri Bharat M. Shah and Shri Viraj M. Shah / Shri Purav Shah, (Directors) have given Personal guarantees for 
loans availed by the Company. Refer note no 26 and 32.
E -  The transactions with related parties are made in the normal course of business and on terms equivalent 
to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.
 - Outstanding balances at the year-end are unsecured and settlement occurs In cash.
 - There have been no guarantees provided or received for any related party receivables or payables
 - The Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating to amounts owed by related parties.
 - Dividend paid to Directors includes their respective HUFs for the FY 2025-26 and FY 2024-25.
49 Leases
A Leases as lessee
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 146 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
145
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Balance as on 1st April, 2025 67.06 80.68
Addition of right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of 
investment property
202.88 34.23
Depreciation charged during the current period 40.05 47.85
Carrying value of Right-of-use assets 229.88 67.06
(b) The following is the movement in lease liabilities :
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
As at beginning of the year 72.26 88.32
Addition 202.88 34.23
Finance Cost accrued during the year 7.44 10.53
Deletion - -
Payment of Lease liability 49.15 60.82
Lease Liability as at end of the year 233.43 72.26
(c) Maturity Analysis of Lease liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Maturity analysis –contractual undiscounted cash flows
Less than one year 32.50 47.98
One to five years 95.04 35.38
More than five years 658.85
Total undiscounted lease liabilities for the period ended* 786.38 83.35
Lease liabilities included in the statement of financial position*
Current 13.11 41.86
Non-current 220.32 30.99
  * on account of Ind As 116 applicatation w.e.f. 1st April 2019, the lease period considered together with option 
of lease extension. 
(d) Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Depreciation 40.05 47.85
Interest on lease liabilities 7.44 10.53
Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease 
liabilities
Expenses relating to short-term leases 9.55 8.44
Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short-term 
leases of low value assets
(e) Amount recognised in the statement of cash flows
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 147 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
146
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Total cash outflow - Principal Repayment of Lease 65.84 50.29
Total cash outflow - Interest Paid 7.44 10.53
B Leases as lessor    
 Operating Lease
 The Company has entered into cancellable and non-cancellable operating lease arrangement in respect of 
Premises, Plant and Machinery and Furniture and Fixture.The lease period in case of Premises ranges upto 60 
months. The details are as follows:
i. Carrying value of Leases assets as follow as on 31st March, 2026 and as on 31st March, 2025
 As at 31st March, 2026
Particulars Buildings Plant and 
Equipments
Furnitures and 
Fixtures
Gross Carrying Amount 3772.51 1.48 2.84
Accumulated depreciation 1414.42 1.00 0.31
Depreciation recognised in statement of P&L 1411.62 0.01 0.10
 As at 31st March, 2025
Particulars Buildings Plant and 
Equipments
Furnitures and 
Fixtures
Gross Carrying Amount 3772.51 1.48 2.84
Accumulated depreciation 1289.54 0.99 0.21
Depreciation recognised in statement of P&L 124.88 0.01 0.10
ii. Total Contingent rent recognised as income in the statement of Profit and Loss in the FY 2025-26 is ` Nil  
(FY 2024-25 ` Nil)
iii. The future minimum lease payments under Non cancellable lease receivable as at the year ending are as 
follows
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Less than one year 9209.50 799.11
Between one to five years 19017.71 47.25
50 Earnings per share (EPS)
 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for basic and 
diluted earnings per share
4357.95 4231.25
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 148 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
147
Issued equity shares at 1st April (In lakhs) 334.40 334.40
Weighted average number of shares at 31st March for basic and 
diluted earnings per shares (Face Value ` 5 per share)
334.40 334.40
Basic and Diluted earnings per share  (`) 13.03 12.65
51 Financial instruments
A Calculation of fair values
 The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are defined as the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement 
date. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of financial instruments:
 i The fair value of the long-term borrowings carrying floating-rate of interest is not impacted due to interest 
rate changes and will not be significantly different from their carrying amounts as there is no significant 
change in the under-lying credit risk of the Company (since the date of inception of the loans).
 ii Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, investments in term deposits,investments in mutual funds, 
other financial assets, trade payables, and other financial liabilities have fair values that approximate to 
their carrying amounts due to their short-term nature.
B Financial Instruments classification and Fair value measurement hierarchy: 
Particulars As at 31st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
 Carrying 
amount 
 Level of input used in  Carrying 
amount 
 Level of input used in
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Financial assets
At FVTOCI
Investments in equity 
instruments 
 0.28  0.28  0.28  0.28
At FVTPL
Investments in equity 
instruments
 2,499.71  574.71  1,925.00 1,570.00 1,570.00
Investment in ETF  640.01  640.01
Investment in 
Foreign Fund
 2,413.12  2,413.12
Investment in AIF  2,375.01  2,375.01
Investments in 
Mutual Funds 
 2,157.26  2,157.26 8,575.76 8,575.76
Investment In 
Corporate Bonds 
 1,265.21  784.95  480.26
Investment In 
Government 
Securities
1,460.87 1,460.87
At Amortised cost
Loans  1,375.00
Trade receivables  4,318.84 2,704.06
Cash and cash 
equivalents 
 871.45 489.42
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 149 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
148
Bank balances other 
than above 
 511.98 437.01
Other financial assets  2,647.87 63,614.16
Financial liabilities
At Amortised cost
Borrowings  37,271.06 32,760.60
Lease Liability  233.43 72.85
Trade payables  3,894.26 3,118.91
Other Financial 
liabilities 
 6,347.44 3,199.94
 The fair value of financial instruments as referred to in note (B) above have been classified into three 
categories depending on the inputs used in the valuation technique. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to 
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and lowest priority to 
unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). 
  The categories used are as follows:
 i Level 1: Quoted prices for identical instruments in an active market; 
 ii Level 2: Directly or indirectly observable market inputs, other than Level 1 inputs; and
 iii Level 3: Inputs which are not based on observable market data.
 iv The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the periods ended 31st March, 2026:
Particulars  Unlisted equity securities
As at 1st April, 2024 0.28
Gains/Losses recognised in other comprehensive income
As at 31st March, 2025 1570.28
Gains/Losses recognised in other comprehensive income
As at 31st March, 2026 1925.28
  During the reporting period ending 31st March, 2026 there was no transfer between level 1 and level 2 fair 
value measurement.
 Key Inputs for Level 1 and 2 Fair valuation Technique:
 Mutual Funds : Based on Net Asset Value of the Scheme (Level 2)
 Debentures : Based on Market Value of Debentures (Level 1)
C Financial risk management
 Risk management framework
 The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the 
Company’s risk management framework.
 The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the 
Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks. Risk management policies and 
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities.
 The key risks and mitigating actions are also placed before the Audit Committee of the Company.
 The Company has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments:
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 150 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
149
 a. Credit risk;
 b. Liquidity risk; and
 c. Market risk;
 a. Credit risk
  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial 
instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s trade and 
other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances. The maximum exposure to credit 
risk in case of all the financial instruments covered below is restricted to their respective carrying amount.
  i Trade and other receivables
   Customer credit is managed by each business unit subject to the Company’s established policies, 
procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Trade receivables are non-
interest bearing and are generally on 21 days credit term for Textile division and for Garment division 
its ranges from 60 to 120 days credit term. Credit limits are established for all customers based on 
internal rating criteria. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored.
   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. 
In addition, a large number of minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed 
for impairment collectively. The Company does not hold collateral as security. The Company has 
no concentration of credit risk as the customer base is widely distributed both economically and 
geographically , except for trade receivables for real estate and related activities where 57% revenue 
comes from one customer.
   The Company measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables based on historical trend, 
industry practices and the business environment in which the entity operates. Loss rates are based on 
actual credit loss experience and past trends.
   The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and Expected Credit Loss 
Allowance for trade and other receivables:
Particulars As at 31st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
Gross carrying 
amount
Loss allowance Gross carrying 
amount
Loss allowance
0-3 months  3,440.64  51.61 2,511.21 37.67
3-6 months  482.73  17.91 91.12 2.73
6 months to 12 months  151.14  13.65 30.76 1.85
beyond 12 months  635.50  308.01 298.79 155.64
Total  4,710.01  391.18 2,931.88 197.89
   Movement in the Loss allowances as per Expected credit loss model in respect of trade and other 
receivables during the year was as follows.
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2026
As at 
31st March, 2025
Opening provision  197.89  113.33
Add: Provision created during the year  193.29  84.56
Closing provision  391.18 197.89
   Movement in the loss allowances as per expected credit loss model in respect of loan given during the 
year was as follows.
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2026
As at 
31st March, 2025
Opening provision - 697.27
Add/( less) : Movement during the year - (697.27)
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 151 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
150
Closing provision - 0.00
   Movement in the loss allowances in respect of interest subsidy, forex subsidy and capital subsidy 
receivables during the year was as follows.
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2026
As at 
31st March, 2025
Opening provision 56.55 56.55
Add/( less) : Movement during the year 31.10 -
Closing provision 87.65 56.55
  ii Other financial assets
   The Company maintains exposure in cash and cash equivalents, term deposits with banks, investments, 
and due from developer. The Company has diversified portfolio of investment with various number of 
counter parties which have secure credit ratings hence the risk is reduced. Individual risk limits are set 
for each counter party based on financial position, credit rating and past experience. Credit limits and 
concentration of exposures are actively monitored by the Management of the Company. The maximum 
exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets;
 b Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated 
with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset;
  Liquidity risk is managed by Company through effective fund management. The Company’s principal 
sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and the cash flow that is generated from 
operations. The Company believes that current cash and cash equivalents, tied up borrowing lines and 
cash flow that is generated from operations is sufficient to meet requirements. Accordingly, liquidity risk 
is perceived to below;
  The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date.
  Maturity analysis of significant financial liabilities
Particulars As at 31st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
 Carrying 
amount 
Contractual cash 
flows
 Carrying 
amount 
Contractual cash 
flows
Upto 1 
year
More than 
1 year
Upto 1 
year
More than 
1 year
Financial liabilities
Borrowings (including current 
maturities of long term 
borrowings)
 37,271.06  3,992.22 33,278.84 32,760.60 3,625.25 29,135.35
Lease Liability  316.82 20.29 296.53 72.85 41.86 30.99
Other Loans  584.99  -    584.99 1,393.06 758.07 634.99
Trade and other payables  3,895.61  3,193.32  702.29 3,118.91 2,398.29 720.62
Other financial liabilities  6,347.44  1,215.87  5,131.57 3,199.94 986.37 2213.57
c Market risk
 Market Risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risk: currency risk, interest rate 
risk and price risk.
  i Currency risk
   Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in 
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 152 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
151
foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Company’s operating activities and financing activities.
The Company has put in place a Financial Risk Management Policy to Identify the most effective and 
efficient ways of managing the currency risks.
   Exposure to currency risk
   The currency profile of financial assets and financial liabilities are as below:
Particulars As at 31st March, 2026 As at 31st March, 2025
USD EURO JPY USD EURO JPY
Financial liabilities 
Trade and other payables - -  -   $0.06 ε3.51 -
Trade and other receivable  $0.04  -    -   - - -
Net exposure  $0.04 -  -   $0.06 ε3.51 -
 Sensitivity analysis
 The following table details the Company’s sensitivity to 2% increase and decrease in the Rupee 
against the relevant foreign currencies is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk 
internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably 
possible change in foreign exchange rates. This is mainly attributable to the net exposure outstanding 
on receivables or payables in the Company at the end of the reporting period. The sensitivity analysis 
includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation 
at the period end for a 2% change in foreign currency rate. This analysis assumes that all other variables, 
in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecast sales and purchases. 
In cases where the related foreign exchange fluctuation is capitalised to fixed assets or recognised 
directly in reserves, the impact indicated below may affect the Company’s income statement over the 
remaining life of the related fixed assets or the remaining tenure of the borrowing respectively.
Particulars For the year ended 31st March, 2026 For the year ended 31st March, 2025
2% increase 2% decrease 2% increase 2% decrease
USD gain/(Loss) (0.08) 0.08 (0.11) 0.11
EURO gain/(Loss) - - 6.46 (6.46)
  ii Interest rate risk
   Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market 
interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s borrowings obligations with floating interest rates.
   The Company’s approach to managing interest rate risk is to have a judicious mix of borrowed funds 
with fixed and floating interest rate obligation.
   Moreover, the short-term borrowings of the Company do not have a significant fair value or cash flow 
interest rate risk due to their short tenure.
   The Company is also exposed to interest rate risk on its financial assets that includes fixed deposits, 
since the same are generally for short duration, the Company believes it has manageable risk and 
achieving satisfactory returns. The Company also has long - term fixed interest bearing assets. 
However the Company has in place an effective system to manage risk and maximise return
   Exposure to interest rate risk
   The Interest rate profile of the Company’s interest bearing financial instruments is as follows
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2026
As at 
31st March, 2025
Fixed-rate instruments
Financial Assets - measured at amortised cost
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 153 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
152
Loan - Intercorporate deposit  1,375.00 -
Fixed Deposits  1,545.78 1,275.01
Government Securities - 1,460.87
Total of Fixed Rate Financial Assets  2,920.78 2,735.89
Financial liabilities - measured at amortised cost
Term loans  107.08 145.17
Other loans  584.99 634.99
Total of Fixed Rate Financial Liabilities  692.07 780.16
Financial liabilities - measured at amortised cost
Term loans  36,578.99 31,222.37
Other Loans - -
Short term borrowings - 758.07
Total of Variable Rate Financial Liabilities  36,578.99 31,980.44
   Interest rate sensitivity
   A reasonably possible change of 2 % in interest rates at the reporting date would have increased (decreased) 
profit or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant. 
In cases where the related interest rate risk is capitalised to fixed assets, the impact indicated below 
may affect the Company’s income statement over the remaining life of the related fixed assets. The said 
calculation is done excluding loans which are taken and utilised for development of property and charged 
to due from developers which will never impact the income statement of the Company.
Particulars For the year ended 31st March, 2026 For the year ended 31st March, 2025
2% increase 2% decrease 2% increase 2% decrease
Variable rate loan instrument  (2.14)  2.14 (18.06) 18.06
52 Capital Management:
 The Company’s objective is to maximize the shareholders’ value by maintaining an optimum capital structure.  
Management monitors the return on capital as well as the debt equity ratio and makes necessary adjustments 
in the capital structure for the development of the business. 
 For the purpose of computing debt to equity ratio, equity includes Equity share capital and Other equity and 
Debt includes Long term borrowings, short term borrowings and current maturities of long term borrowings.
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2025
Total Debt 37271.06 32760.60
Total Equity 67436.75 63668.28
Debt-Equity ratio 0.55 0.51
53 Segment information
A Basis for segmentation
 Management has identified two reportable business segments, namely:
i Textiles
ii Real estate and related
 Segments have been identified taking into account the nature of activities and its risks and returns.
 The Company’s Managing Director, the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) for the Company, periodically 
reviews the internal management reports and evaluates performance/allocates resources based on the analysis 
of various performance indicators relating to the segments referred to above.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 154 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
153
B Information about reportable segments
 Information related to each reportable segment is set out below. Segment profit (loss) after tax is used to 
measure performance because management believes that this information is the most relevant in evaluating 
the results of the respective segments relative to other entities that operate in the same industry.
Particulars* For the year ended  
31st March, 2026
For the year ended  
31st March, 2025
Textiles Real 
estate and 
related
Total Textiles Real 
estate and 
related
Total
Revenue
External Customers 29226.90 6632.66 35859.56 21138.08 3395.58 24533.66
Inter-segment
Total Revenue 29226.90 6632.66 35859.56 21138.08 3395.58 24533.66
2732.98 3461.57 6194.55 1389.03 2722.59 4111.62
Segment Results 2732.98 3461.57 6194.55 1389.03 2722.59 4111.62
Add: Un Allocated Income
Other Income 819.69 1883.83
Less: Un Allocated Expenses
a) Finance Cost (1542.39) (474.67)
b) Income Tax  
(Including deferred tax)
(945.55) (1145.34)
c) Other Expenses (168.35) (144.20)
Profit After Tax 4357.95 4231.26
Other Information
Segment assets 30856.80 77048.53 107898.32 24288.05 66567.18 90855.23
Unallocated Corporate Assets 13654.09 12921.00
Total Assets 30856.80 77048.53 121552.42 24288.05 66567.18 103776.23
Segment liabilities 6353.74 10059.43 16413.17 4762.14 2255.10 7017.24
Unallocated Corporate 
Liabilities
37702.51 33090.71
Total Liabilities 54115.68 40107.95
Depreciation and amortization 
on Property, plant and 
equipment and Investment 
Property
1036.55 1411.62 2448.17 1007.28 124.88 1132.16
Material Non-cash expenses 
other than depreciation and 
amortisation
Capital expenditure 1360.11 66458.06 67818.17 1349.64 - 1349.64
 *For the purposes of review by the CODM, information referred to above is measured consistent with the 
accounting policies applied for preparation of these financial statements.
C Geographic information
 The Company sells its products mainly within India where the conditions prevailing are uniform. Since the sales 
outside India are below threshold limit, no separate geographical segment disclosure is considered necessary 
(Refer Note 55).
 All non-current assets in the nature of property, plant and equipment (including capital work in progress) and 
intangible assets (including those under development) are domiciled in India.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 155 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
154
D Information about major customers.
 No single customer contributed 10% or more to the Company’s revenue for the year ended 31st March, 2026 
and 31st March, 2025 in case of Textile business and one customer has contributed 57 % and 99 % of the 
Company’s revenue for the year ended 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2025 respectively in case of Real 
estate business.
54 Disclosure in terms of Ind AS 115 on the accounting of revenue from Contracts with Customers
Particulars Year Ended  
31st March, 2026
Year Ended  
31st March, 2025
i Disaggregated revenue information for Revenue from Contracts with 
Customers
Types of Goods or Services
Textile items 29226.90 21138.08
Total 29226.90 21138.08
Sales by Geographical region
India 28948.02 21017.93
Outside India 278.88 120.13
Total 29226.90 21138.08
Timing of Revenue recognition
Goods / services transferred at a point in time 29226.90 21138.08
Goods / services transferred at a over a period of time
Total 29226.90 21138.08
Sales Channels
Directly to consumers 29226.90 21138.08
Through intermediaries
Total 29226.90 21138.08
Sales by Performance Obligations
Upon Shipment / Dispatch 29226.90 21138.08
Upon Delivery
Total 29226.90 21138.08
ii Reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with the amounts 
disclosed in the segment information
Total revenue from contracts with customer 29226.90 21138.08
Total revenue as per Segment - Textile 29226.90 21138.09
iii Reconciliation between revenue with customers and contract price 
as per Ind AS 115:
Revenue as per Contracted price 29655.63 21445.08
Less: Adjustments for Price such as Discounts, incentives, performance 
bonuses
428.73 307.00
Revenue from contracts with customers 29226.90 21138.08
iv Contract Balances as at:
Trade Receivables 4318.84 2074.90
Contract Liabilities 71.53 22.87
v Revenue recognised from Contract liability (Advances from Customers)
 The Contract liability outstanding at the beginning of the year has been recognised as revenue during the year 
ended 31st March, 2026.
vi Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 21 days credit term for Textile division and for 
Garment division its range from 60 to 120 days credit term. In 31st March, 2026 `. 391.18 lakhs (31st March, 2025: 
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 156 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
155
` 197.89 lakhs) was recognised as provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables. Credit limits are 
established for all customers based on internal rating criteria. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly 
monitored.
55 Disclosure in respect of expenditure on Corporate Social Responsibility activities:
Particulars For the  
year ended  
31st March,2026
For the  
year ended  
31st March,2025
a. Opening Balance ( A ) 1.75 0.06
b. Amount required to be spent during the year ( B ) 85.70 73.31
c. Amount spent during the year ( C ) 85.30 75.00
d. (Shortfall) / Excess for the year (A-B+C) 1.35 1.75
e. Total of previous year shortfall
f. Reason for shortfall N/A N/A
g. Nature of Expenses
 Animal Welfare
 Preventive Health Care 55.00 50.00
 Women and Youth Empowerment 15.00 0.00
 Education 5.30 0.00
 Eradicating Hunger 0.00 0.00
 Community Welfare 10.00 25.00
h. Details of related party transactions 65.00 25.00
i. Where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by 
entering into a contractual obligation, the amount of provision 
made and movements in the provision during the year, if applicable
N/A N/A
56. Contingent liabilities and capital commitment
a. Contingent Liabilities:
Particulars For the  
year ended  
31st March,2026
For the  
year ended  
31st March,2025
i) In respect of Income tax matters 1529.14 1392.56
ii) In respect of GST matters 90.65 394.78
iii) Other Matters:
 Excise, service tax and customs matters 286.04 286.04
 FEMA 14.00 14.00
iv) Claim against Company in Labour Matters 130.65 130.65
v) Claim against Company under RERA Act
vi) Claim against the Company by ex employees pending in labour 
court not acknowledged as debt
Not 
ascertainanble
Not 
ascertainanble
vii) Bank Guarantees 569.43 559.43
b. Capital Commitments
Particulars For the  
year ended  
31st March,2026
For the  
year ended  
31st March,2025
i) Related to Contracts:
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 157 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
156
 Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on 
capital account
5496.81 1238.28
 Less: Advances 3130.65 180.88
 Net Estimated Amount 2366.16 1057.40
57. Disclosure as per Section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013:
Particulars Interest Rate For the  
year ended  
31st March,2026
For the  
year ended  
31st March,2025
Loan Given to Jambavati Project Realty Two LLP 15% 1375.00 -
Less : Loss Allowance - -
Net Receivable 1375.00 -
 The ICD was extended for business purpose. Currently, it is disclosed in the Balance Sheet under non-current 
financial assets, based on the stipulated repayment terms.  
58. Other Disclosures :
 a. The Company does not have any proceedings which have been initiated or pending against the Company 
for holding any Benami property;
 b. The Company does not have any transactions with struck off companies;
 c. There are no instances of charges or satisfaction thereof which is yet to be registered with ROC beyond 
the statutory period, except for the charge created on Buyer Credit availed for the purchase of Winder 
Autoconer from Bank of Baroda with the Registrar registered in Mumbai amounting to Eur 1,71,000 and 
1,44,000 which had to be satisfied on 11-1-2023 and 18-01-2023 respectively. There is a delay of 1175 Days 
and 1168 Days beyond the due date for satisfaction of charge.
 d. The Company has neither traded or invested, nor holds Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during  
the year;
 e. During the year, there were no instances of surrender or disclosure of income in the tax assessments  
under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income 
Tax Act, 1961.
 f. The company is not declared as willful defaulter by any bank or financial Institution or other lender.
 g. There is no Scheme of Arrangements approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 
237 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 h. The Company is in compliance with the Companies (Restriction on Number of Layers) Rules, 2017, as its 
wholly owned subsidiaries is exempted from the calculation of layers
 i. The company have not advanced or loaned or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), 
including foreign entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
  - directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the company (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 158 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
157
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M. Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 & Whole time Director DIN : 00071248
DIN : 00123460
Rajesh Mody Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026
  - provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiarie
 j. The company have not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities 
(Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the company shall:
  a) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by 
or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
  b) provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries
59. Events after reporting period    
 No adjusting or significant non - adjusting events have occurred between the reporting date 31st March, 2026 
and the report release date 28th May, 2026.
60. Ratios
Ratio Numerator Denominator March 31, 
2026
March 31, 
2025
Reason for Variation
Current Ratio 
(Times)
Current Assets Current 
Liabilities
2.10 2.91 Due to reclassfication of the 
investment made into Current 
and non Current 
Debt-Equity Ratio 
(Times)
Total Debt Shareholder’s 
Equity
0.55 0.51
Debt Service 
Coverage Ratio 
(Times)
Earnings 
available for 
debt service
Debt Service 1.15 1.41
Return on Equity 
Ratio (%)
Net Profits 
after taxes – 
Preference 
Dividend
Average 
Shareholder’s 
Equity
0.07% 0.07%
Inventory turnover 
ratio (Times)
Sales Average 
Inventory
3.46 3.02
Trade Receivables 
turnover ratio 
(Times)
Net Credit 
Sales
Avg. Accounts 
Receivable
8.32 8.85
Trade payables 
turnover ratio 
(Times)
Net Credit 
Purchases
Average Trade 
Payables
10.03 7.75 Due to increase in purchase 
durring the year.
NOTES FORMING PART OF STANDALONE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 159 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
158
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
TO THE MEMBERS OF THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of The Ruby Mills Limited (“the Holding 
Company”), its subsidiaries (the Holding Company and its subsidiaries together referred to as “the Group”) which 
comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss 
(including Other comprehensive Income), Consolidated statement of changes in equity and Consolidated statement 
of cash flows for the year then ended and notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, including a summary 
of material accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as “the Consolidated 
Financial Statements”).
In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the 
consideration of reports on separate financial statements and on the other financial information of the Management 
Certified subsidiaries, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the 
Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under Section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended, (“Ind AS”) and the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the 
Consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at March 31, 2026, their consolidated profit and other Comprehensive 
Income, consolidated changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(SAs) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in 
the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements’ section of our report. We are 
independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (“ICAI”) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements under the provisions of the Act and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit 
evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit 
of the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a 
separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters 
to be communicated in our report.
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matters How the matter was addressed in our audit
1. Information Technology (IT) Systems and controls 
over financial reporting.
Our audit procedures included the following:
During the FY 2022-23 Company has migrated to 
a new Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system 
for some of its processes. The Company, thus, uses 
different IT systems for different functions and 
processes;
- Performing a walk-through of the new ERP 
system for the processes for which it was 
implemented;

===== PAGE 160 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
159
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matters How the matter was addressed in our audit
Financial accounting and reporting systems are 
fundamentally reliant on IT systems and IT controls, 
including the existence, completeness on an audit 
trail (edit log), to process significant transaction 
volumes, specifically with respect to revenue and raw 
material consumption. Also, due to large transaction 
volumes and the increasing challenge to protect the 
integrity of the Company’s systems and data, cyber 
security has become more significant;  
Since the new ERP system is not fully implemented, 
manual intervention is also required for financial 
accounting and reporting for which proper control 
is required;
Automated accounting procedures and IT 
environment controls, which include IT governance, 
IT general controls over program development 
and changes, access to program and data and IT 
operations, IT application controls and interfaces 
between IT applications are required to be designed 
and to operate effectively to ensure accurate 
financial reporting;
Therefore, IT system and controls over financial 
reporting is identified as a KAM.
- Assessment of design and implementation of 
the Company’s control over the different IT 
systems especially those related to financial 
reporting;
- Evaluated the operating effectiveness of IT 
general controls, including the existence, 
completeness on an audit trail (edit log), over 
program development and changes, access to 
program and data and IT operations; 
- Assessment of manual controls wherever 
implemented for proper financial accounting 
and reporting; 
- Performed inquiry procedures with the IT team 
of the Company in respect of the overall security 
architecture and any key threats addressed by 
the Company in the current year; 
- Evaluated the operating effectiveness of IT 
application controls in the key processes 
impacting financial reporting of the Company; 
- Assessed the operating effectiveness of controls 
relating to data transmission through the 
different IT systems to the financial reporting 
systems;
- Extending scope of our substantive audit 
procedures, wherever manual controls are being 
used to integrate the various IT systems which 
affect financial reporting.
2 Development agreement /Settlement Agreement Audit procedures followed by us include:
In an earlier year, the Company entered into a 
Development Agreement (“DA”) with a developer 
whereby the Company granted the development 
rights to develop a Tower (“Development Rights”) 
on 12,204 square meters out of its Freehold Land 
at Dadar; During the year the same was terminated 
through the settlement agreement via mediation.
- We identified DA as a KAM since:
- As per the DA, cost of construction incurred by 
the Company for the development of property 
covered under the DA agreement is reimbursed 
by developer. The Company has incurred huge 
amount of expenses and borrowings for the 
Construction of the property which has resulted 
in the significant amount receivable from the 
developer;
- Understanding of the arrangement entered for 
Development of the property and of various 
terms of DA and amendments thereto;
- Co–relation of terms of DA with entries made 
in the books of account by the Company for 
accounting of income and amounts receivable 
from the developer;
- Review of procedures followed / steps taken by 
the Company / developer for obtaining approval 
from the competent authorities;

===== PAGE 161 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
160
Sr. 
No.
Key Audit Matters How the matter was addressed in our audit
- The amount receivable from the developer 
represents a major portion of the total assets of 
the Company;
- Recoverability of the said amount is based on 
market demand since Occupancy Certificate 
(OC) for all floors was received only in FY 2021-
22;
- During the year settlement agreement executed 
via mediation and settlement effected by 
determining the share of the developer in terms 
of area in the unsold areas by handling over the 
same to the developer.
- Refer Note No. 13 and 21 to the accompanying 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
- Review of legal opinion/s taken by the Company 
and decision taken on that basis or management 
judgements / estimates for outcome of disputes 
arising on account of DA;
- Obtaining of balance confirmation from 
developer at each period end / year end;
- Assessment of recoverability of outstanding 
amount from developer based on:
o Valuation determined by the management 
based on the market trend and most recent sale 
transaction for the sale of property; and 
o Sharing arrangement entered between the 
Company and developer for sharing of gross 
revenue arising from the property/ Tower 
covered under DA.
o Understanding the arrangement via settlement 
agreement to determine the effects on the 
recognition, measurement, presentation 
and disclosure in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
o Review of the legal opinions taken by the 
Company and decision taken on that basis or 
management judgements/ estimates for effect 
of the said settlement via mediation under 
various applicable laws & regulations.
3 Litigations, Provisions and Contingent Liabilities Audit procedures followed by us include:
The Company has various pending litigations which 
include litigation on account of Income Tax, Indirect 
Taxes, real estate and related activities, FEMA etc. 
the outcome of which is uncertain and requires 
significant judgement;
Refer Note No. 35 and 56(a) to the accompanying 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
- Obtaining from the management, details of 
matter under dispute including ongoing and 
completed litigations and outstanding demands 
for the year ended March 31, 2026;
- Evaluation and testing of the design of internal 
controls followed by the Company relating to 
litigations, open tax positions for direct and 
indirect taxes and other matters and process 
followed to decide provisioning for the said 
liabilities or disclosure as Contingent Liabilities;
- Reading orders, key correspondence, external 
legal opinions / consultations by management 
for key legal disputes;
- Discussing with appropriate senior management 
and evaluating management’s underlying key 
assumptions in estimating the likely demand/ 
possible outcome of the various litigations.

===== PAGE 162 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
161
Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other 
information comprises the information included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, Board’s Report 
including Annexures to Board’s Report, Corporate Governance Report, but does not include the Consolidated 
Financial Statements and our auditor’s report thereon.
Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is 
materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained during the course 
of the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are 
required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance. We have nothing to report in this regard.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in Section 
134(5) of the Act with respect to the preparation & presentation of these Consolidated Financial Statements that 
give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance, total comprehensive income, changes in 
equity and cash flows of the Company in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting principles generally 
accepted in India, including the accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act. The respective 
Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are responsible for maintenance of 
adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of the Act, for safeguarding of the assets of the 
Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate 
accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation 
and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy 
and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, which have been used for the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements by the 
Management and the Board of Directors of the Holding Company’s, as aforesaid.
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the respective Management and Board of Directors of the 
companies included in the Group are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, 
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless 
Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative 
but to do so.
Those respective Management and Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are also responsible 
for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a 
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that 
includes our opinion.
 Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance 
with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error 
and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the 
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements.

===== PAGE 163 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
162
2. As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
 • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control;
 • Obtain an understanding of internal financial controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit 
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 
2013, we are also responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the Holding Company has adequate 
internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements in place and the operating 
effectiveness of such controls;
 • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by Management and the Board of Directors;
 • Conclude on the appropriateness of Management and Board of Directors use of the going concern basis of 
accounting in preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, 
whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on 
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are 
required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the 
audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may 
cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern;
 • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
including the disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Financial Statements represent the underlying 
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
  Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Consolidated Financial Statements that, individually 
or in aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user 
of the Consolidated Financial Statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and 
qualitative factors in (i) planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and 
(ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified misstatements in the Consolidated Financial Statements;
 • Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business 
activities within the Group of which we are the independent auditors and whose financial information we 
have audited, to express an opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements. We are responsible for 
the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of such 
entities included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of which we are the independent auditors.
  For the other entities included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been, certified by the 
Management, they remain solely responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Financial 
Statements certified by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion. Our responsibilities in 
this regard are further described in paragraph (a) of the section titled ‘Other Matters’ in this audit report.
3. We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope 
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control 
that we identify during our audit.
4. We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
5. From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that 
were of most significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current period and are 
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation 

===== PAGE 164 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
163
precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that 
a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would 
reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
a) The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include Management certified Financials in respect of 
two wholly-owned subsidiaries which have not been audited by us, whose Consolidated Financial Statements 
and other Financial Information before consolidation adjustments reflect total assets of ` 84.89 lakhs as at 
March 31, 2026, total revenue is Nil , total net profit after tax of ` 1.99 lakhs, total comprehensive income is 
Nil for the year ended March 31, 2026 and net cash inflow of ` 2 lakhs for the year ended on that date. Our 
opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts & disclosures included 
in respect of these subsidiaries and our report in terms of sub-sections (3) and (11) of section 143 of the Act, in 
so far as it relates to the subsidiaries, is based solely on such Management certified Financials.
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
1. As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on the consideration of financial statement as 
certified by management on separate financial statements and the other financial information of subsidiaries, 
as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph we report, to the extent applicable, that:
(a) We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements;.
(b) In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid Consolidated 
Financial Statements have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our examination of those books 
except for the matters stated in paragraph 1(h)(vi) below on reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014;
(c) The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive 
income), the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity, and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flow 
dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose of 
preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements;
(d) In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards 
specified under Section 133 of the Act read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015 as 
amended;
(e) On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2026, taken on record 
by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from being appointed as 
a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act;
(f) With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Holding Company and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate 
Report in “Annexure A” which is based on the auditors’ reports of the Holding Company. Our report expresses 
modified opinion on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the Group’s internal financial controls with 
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements;
(g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us and based on the financial statements as certified by management 
on separate financial statements as also the other financial information of the subsidiaries, as noted in the 
‘Other Matters” paragraph:
 i. The Consolidated Financial Statements disclose the impact of pending litigations on its consolidated 
financial position of the Group in its Consolidated Financial Statements – Refer Note 56(a) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements;

===== PAGE 165 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
164
 ii. The Holding Company did not have any long-term contracts including derivative contracts for which there 
were any material foreseeable losses;
 iii. There has been no delay in transferring amounts, required to be transferred, to the Investor Education and 
Protection Fund by the Holding Company.
 iv. a)  The management of the Holding Company have represented that, to the best of its’ knowledge and 
belief, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from borrowed funds or share 
premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Holding Company to or in any other person(s) 
or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), with the understanding, whether recorded 
in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in 
other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Holding Company 
(“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate 
Beneficiaries;
  b) The management of the Holding Company has represented, that, to the best of its’ knowledge and 
belief, no funds have been received by the Holding Company from any person(s) or entity(ies), 
including foreign entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing 
or otherwise, that the Holding Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate 
Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
  c) Based on such audit procedures that we have considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances; nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that the representations 
under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), as provided under a) and b) above, contain any material 
misstatement.
 v. The Final dividend proposed in the previous year, declared and paid by the Holding Company during the 
year is in accordance with Section 123 of the Act, as applicable.
  As stated in
  Note No. 24.2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Board of Directors of the Company have 
proposed final dividend for the year which is subject to the approval of the members at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting. The amount of dividend proposed is in accordance with section 123 of the Act, 
as applicable.
 vi. The reporting under Rule 11(g) of the Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 is applicable from  
April 01, 2023.
  As per the requirements of rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts Rules 2014) & based on our examination, 
which included test checks that performed by us on the Holding Company, except in the inventory module, 
the Company uses accounting software for maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended 
March 31, 2026, which has a feature of recording audit trail of each and every transaction creating an edit 
log of each change made in the books of account along with the date when such changes were made 
within such accounting software. This feature of recording audit trail has operated throughout the year 
except for changes made through specific access and for direct database changes. Further, during the 
course of our audit of Holding Company we did not come across any instance of the audit trail feature 
being tampered with.
  As required under proviso to Rule 3(1) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 and based on our 
examination which included test checks except in case of inventory module the company has preserved 
the audit trial (edit logs) for the transactions recorded in previous years.

===== PAGE 166 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
165
2. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditors Report in accordance with the requirements 
of section 197(16) of the Act, as amended:
 In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based 
on the consideration of the auditors’ report of the Holding Company, the remuneration paid by the Holding 
Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 of the Act; and
3. With respect to the matters specified in paragraphs 3(xxi) and 4 of the Companies (Auditor’ s Report) Order, 
2020 (the “Order”/ “CARO”) issued by the Central Government in terms of section 143(11) of the Act, to be 
included in the Auditor’s Report, according to the information and explanations given to us and based on 
the CARO report issued by us for the Holding Company whose financial information has been considered in 
the Consolidated Financial Statements and to which reporting under CARO is applicable, we report that the 
following qualifications or adverse remarks in the respective CARO reports of the below companies.
Sr. 
No.
Name CIN Holding Company /
Subsidiary
Clause number of the 
CARO report which is 
qualified or adverse
1 The Ruby Mills Limited L17120MH1917PLC000447 Holding Company i (c)
2 The Ruby Mills Limited L17120MH1917PLC000447 Holding Company vii (b)
For C N K & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036
Rajesh Mody
Partner
Place: Mumbai Membership No.: 047501
Date: May 28, 2026 UDIN: 26047501TSBFOH8171

===== PAGE 167 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
166
ANNEXURE A TO INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
[Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ in the Independent 
Auditor’s Report of even date to the members of The Ruby Mills Limited on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for the year ended March 31, 2026]
Report on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“the Act”)
We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of The Ruby Mills Limited (“the Holding 
Company”) and its two wholly-owned subsidiaries which were incorporated on 18th March 2026 and whose 
operations have still not commenced as of March 31, 2026, and whose Management Certified Financials have been 
consolidated. We have appropriately dealt with the same in making this report as on March 31, 2026 , in conjunction 
with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
The Holding Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for establishing and maintaining 
internal financial controls based on the internal financial controls w ith reference to Consolidated Financial 
Statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants of India (‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct 
of its business, including adherence to Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation 
of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated 
Financial Statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit 
of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) and the Standards on Auditing 
specified under Section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial controls, both 
issued by the ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and 
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls 
with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements were established and maintained and whether such controls 
operated effectively in all material respects.
Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. Our audit of internal 
financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements included obtaining an understanding of 
internal financial controls with reference to financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists 
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. 
The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material 
misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud or error.
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our modified 
audit opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Financial Statements
A company’s internal financial control with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements is a process designed 
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Consolidated 
Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A 
company’s internal financial control with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements includes those policies 
and procedures that:

===== PAGE 168 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
167
1. pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
and dispositions of the assets of the company;
2. provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Consolidated 
Financial Statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and 
directors of the company; and
3. provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements
Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due 
to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial 
controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements may become inadequate because of 
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Other Matter
Our aforesaid report under section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal 
financial controls over financials reporting in so far as it relates to the wholly-owned subsidiaries which have been 
certified by the Management, are based on the corresponding reports of the Management of such Company’s.
Our opinion is not modified in respect of above matter.
Modified Opinion
During the earlier year, Company has migrated to a new ERP system for some processes, which are still in the 
process of stabilization. Further, the new ERP is not integrated to other software / old ERP used by the Company. As 
a result of the same, various controls for processes related to material management, inventory valuation, updation 
of customer / vendor masters are still being implemented requiring manual intervention and rectifications to be 
carried out for the purpose of financial reporting.
A ‘material weakness’ is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal financial control over financial 
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company’s annual or 
interim Consolidated Financial Statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
In our opinion, except for the possible effects of the weaknesses described above and matters stated in the para 
1(h)(vi) of Report on other legal and regulatory requirements on reporting under Rule 11(g), the Company has, in all 
material respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to financial statements and such internal 
financial controls with reference to financial statements were operating effectively as at March 31, 2026, based on 
the internal control with reference to financial statements criteria established by the Company considering the 
essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over 
Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.
We have considered the material weakness identified and reported above in determining the nature, timing, and 
extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the March 31, 2026, Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, 
and the material weakness does not affect our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company.
For C N K & Associates LLP
Chartered Accountants
Firm Registration No. 101961W/W100036
Rajesh Mody
Partner
Place: Mumbai Membership No.: 047501
Date: May 28, 2026 UDIN: 26047501TSBFOH8171

===== PAGE 169 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
168
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS AT 31ST MARCH, 2026  
(All amounts in ` lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Note As at  
31st March, 2026
I. ASSETS Audited
(1) Non-current assets
 (a) Property, Plant and Equipment 4  10,555.18 
 (b) Right of Use Assets 5  312.75 
 (c) Capital Work-in-progress 6  9,317.36 
 (d) Investment property 7  68,084.43 
 (e) Intangible assets 8  24.05 
 (f) Intangible Assets under Development 9  60.00 
 (g) Biological assets other than bearer plants 10  10.81 
 (h) Financial assets
  (i) Investments 11  6,878.42
  (ii) Loans 12  1,375.00
  (iii) Other financial assets 13  1,710.70
 (i) Non current Tax Assets (Net ) 14  822.80
 (j) Other non-current assets 15  1,145.04
Total Non current assets  1,00,296.54
(2) Current assets
 (a) Inventories 16  8,634.30 
 (b) Financial Assets
  (i) Investments 17  4,637.19
  (ii) Trade receivables 18  4,318.84
  (iii) Cash and cash equivalents 19  873.44
  (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above 20  511.98
  (v) Other Financial Assets 21  937.18
 (c) Other current assets 22  1,245.04 
 (d) Current Tax Assets (Net ) 23  180.72 
 Total Current Assets  21,338.70 
Total Assets  1,21,635.24 
II. EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 Equity
 (a) Equity Share capital 24  1,672.00
 (b) Other Equity 25  65,762.74
Total Equity  67,434.74
 Liabilities
(1) Non-current liabilities
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (i) Borrowings 26  33,278.84 
  (ii) Lease Liability 27  296.53 
  (iii) Other Financial Liabilities 28  5,131.57 
 (b) Provisions 29  59.38
 (c) Deferred Tax Liability (Net ) 30  1,071.30
 (d) Other non-current liabilities 31  4,184.32
Total Non Current Liabilities  44,021.94
(2) Current liabilities
 (a) Financial Liabilities
  (i) Borrowings 32  3,992.21 
  (ii) Lease Liabilities 33  20.29 
  (iii) Trade payables 34
  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises.  1,311.78 
  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises.  2,583.83 
  (iv) Other financial liabilities 35  1,215.87 
 (b) Other Current Liabilities 36  889.42
 (c) Provisions 37  165.13
Total Current Liabilities  10,178.53
Total Liabilities  54,200.47 
Total Equity and Liabilities  1,21,635.24 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 1 to 60
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M.Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 & Whole time Director DIN : 00071248
DIN : 00123460
Rajesh Mody Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026

===== PAGE 170 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
169
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT AND LOSS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in ` lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Particulars Note Year ended  
31st March 2026
I Revenue from Operations 38  35,859.56 
II Other Income 39  1,755.53 
III Total Income (I + II)  37,615.09 
IV EXPENSES
 Cost of Materials Consumed 40  12,449.07 
 Changes in Inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress 41  20.81 
 Employee Benefits Expense 42  3,296.08 
 Finance Costs 43  1,542.81 
 Depreciation and Amortisation expense 44  2,448.31 
 Other Expenses 45  12,556.57 
 Total Expenses (IV)  32,313.65 
V Profit before tax (III - IV)  5,301.44 
VI Tax Expense 46A
 (1)  Current Tax  527.67 
 (2)  Deferred Tax  417.83 
 Total tax expenses  945.50 
VII Profit for the Year  4,355.94 
VIII Other comprehensive income
 (i) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
  - Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 46B  (5.72)
 (ii) Income tax related to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss  1.44
 Total other comprehensive income (net of tax)  (4.28)
IX Total comprehensive income for the Period (VII + VIII)  4,351.66 
X Earnings per equity share of ` 5 each
 Basic and Diluted (`) 50 13.03
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 1 to 60
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M.Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 & Whole time Director DIN : 00071248
DIN : 00123460
Rajesh Mody Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026

===== PAGE 171 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
170
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
Statement of Changes in Equity
A  Equity share capital (Note 24)
Particulars Amount
Balance as at 01st April, 2025  1,672.00 
Changes in equity share capital during the year  -   
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  1,672.00 
B  Other Equity (note 25)
Particulars
Reserves and surplus
TotalSecurities 
premium
General 
reserve
Retained 
earnings
Balance as at 01st April, 2025  859.20  30,039.35  31,097.72  61,996.28 
Profit for the year  4,355.94  4,355.94 
Other comprehensive Income "OCI" (Net of Tax)  (4.28)  (4.28)
Total comprehensive income  859.20  30,039.35  35,449.39  66,347.94 
Dividend Paid  (585.20)  (585.20)
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  859.20  30,039.35  34,864.19  65,762.74 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
  
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M.Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 & Whole time Director DIN : 00071248
DIN : 00123460
Rajesh Mody Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026

===== PAGE 172 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
171
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in ` lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
   Year ended  
31ST March, 2026
A. CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES : Audited
 Profit before tax  5,301.44 
 Adjustments for :
Depreciation and Amortisation expenses  2,448.31
Finance Costs  1,542.81
Interest Income  (49.65)
Net Loss / (Gain) on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (241.02)
Sundry Balance written off / back and excess provision written back  142.10
Other Non Cash Adjustments  (632.88)
Profit/Loss on foreign currency transactions and translations (net)  (43.17)
Fair valuation Gain/ Profit on redemption of current investment  (453.10)
Operating profit before working capital changes  8,014.84
 Adjustments for:
 (Increase)/ Decrease in Inventories  (425.38)
 (Increase)/ Decrease in Trade Receivables  (1,087.34)
 (Increase)/ Decrease in Loans  (1,375.00)
 (Increase)/ Decrease Other Financial Assets - Non Current and Current  980.08 
 (Increase)/ Decrease Other assets - Non Current and current  (906.44)
Increase/ (Decrease) in Trade Payables  776.70 
Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Financial liabilities - Non Current and Current  478.60 
Increase/ (Decrease) in Provisions  164.29 
Increase/ (Decrease) in Other Liabilities - Non current and current  654.63 
 Cash generated from Operations  7,274.98 
 Taxes Paid (Net of refund) (993.27)
Net cash generated from Operating Activities  6,281.71 
B. CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES :
 Acquisition of  property, plant and equipment (PPE) (including Capital work-in-progress 
and capital advances)
 (11,161.85)
Proceeds on disposal of Property,plant and equipment/ Refund of Capital Advance  272.96 
 Sale of Current Investments  34,040.99 
 Purchase of Current Investments  (34,128.29)
Fixed deposits with banks  (195.31)
 Interest Received  23.16 
 Net cash from Investing activities  (11,148.34)
C. CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  :
 Repayment of borrowings  (5,489.55)
 Proceeds of borrowings  10,000.00 
 Payment of dividend  (585.20)
 Payments for principal portion of lease liability  (65.84)
Payments for interest portion of lease liability  (7.44)
Finance Costs  1,398.69 
 Net cash from Financing activities  5,250.65 
 (Decrease)/ Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents (A+B+C)  384.02 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents at the beginning of the Year  489.42 

===== PAGE 173 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
172
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2025
(All amounts in ` lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
   Year ended  
31ST March, 2026
  Cash and Cash Equivalents at the end of the Year  873.44 
 Components of Cash and Cash Equivalents :
Cash on hand  3.91 
Balances with Banks  869.53 
 873.44 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
Notes :
I In Part-A of the Cash Flow Statement, figures in brackets indicate deductions made from the Net Profit for 
deriving the net cash flow from operating activities. In Part-B and Part-C, figures in brackets indicate cash 
outflows.
II “Other Non-Cash items” include amortization of Capital grant, fair valuation / amortisation of security deposits 
and other adjustments not affecting Cash Flow.
III The Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under indirect method as set out in Indian Accounting Standard 
(Ind AS) 7, ‘Statement of Cash Flows’. This is the Statement of Cash Flows referred to in our report of even date.
Reconciliation of liabilities from financing activities :
Particulars As at  
1st  April,2025
Cash Flow Foreign 
Exchange 
Movement
As at  
31st March,2026
Total Borrowings  32,760.60  4,553.62  (43.17)  37,271.06 
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M.Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 & Whole time Director DIN : 00071248
DIN : 00123460
Rajesh Mody Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026

===== PAGE 174 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
173
1. CORPORATE INFORMATION
 The Ruby Mills limited (‘RML’ or ‘the Holding Company’) is a public limited company domiciled in India 
incorporated on 9th January 1917. Registered office of the Company is located at Mumbai. The Holding 
Company is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
The Holding Company is an integrated textile mill, while its Subsidiaries are into owning, operating and 
maintaining water treatment plants and renewable power generation businesses.
 The Holding Company has two plants. The spinning and weaving plant is located at Dhamni and the process 
house at Kharsundi both at Khopoli close to Bombay – Pune Highway.
 The Consolidated financial statement comprises of the company and its subsidiaries ( referred to collectively 
as “ The Group “)
 During the year, the Holding company has executed a cancellation agreement with the Developer in relation 
to the determination and settlement of the Developer’s revenue share pertaining to the commercial tower 
developed under the Development Agreement.
 Pursuant to the said settlement, the rights and obligation between the Holding company and the Developer 
have been determined in accordance with the agreed terms. The Financial impact arising from the said 
settlement has been appropriately recognized and accounted for in the Consolidated financial statements, 
based on the terms of the Cancellation Agreement.
2. BASIS OF PREPARATIONAND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES:
2.1. Basis for preparation and presentation:
 The Consolidated financial statements comply with Indian Accounting Standards (‘Ind AS’) notified under 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (‘Act’) read with Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015, as amended and other relevant provisions of the Act and Rules thereunder.
 The Consolidated financial statements have been prepared on accrual basis and in accordance with the 
historical cost convention except for certain assets and liabilities measured at fair value. The accounting 
policies are applied consistently to all the periods presented in the Consolidated financial statements.
 All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Group’s normal operating 
cycle, paragraph 66 and 69 of Ind AS 1 and other criteria as set out in the Division II of Schedule III to the Act.
 Based on the nature of products and the time between acquisition of assets for processing and their realization 
in cash and cash equivalents, the Group has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of 
current or non-current classification of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified 
as non-current assets and liabilities.
 The Consolidated financial statements are presented in Indian Rupee (INR), which is the functional currency 
of the Group.
 All amounts disclosed in the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes have been rounded off to the 
nearest lakhs, unless otherwise stated.
 The Consolidated financial Statements of the Group for the year ended 31st March, 2026 were approved for 
issue in accordance with a resolution of the Board of Directors in its meeting held on 28th May, 2026.
2.2. Use of Judgement and Estimates
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements require management to make judgments, estimates 
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenue, expenses, assets, liabilities and accompanying 
disclosures.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 175 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
174
 Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that require material adjustments 
to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities affected in future periods. The Group continually evaluates these 
estimates and assumptions based on the most recently available information.
 In particular, information about significant areas of estimates and judgements in applying accounting policies 
that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements are 
as below:
 • Estimates of useful lives and residual value of Property, Plant and Equipment and intangible assets;
 • Measurement of Defined Benefit Obligations;
 • Measurement and likelihood of occurrence of Provisions and contingencies;
 • Recognition of deferred tax assets;
 • Measurement of recoverable amounts of cash-generating units;
 • Measurement of Right of Use Assets and Lease liabilities;
 • Valuation of Inventories;
 • Provision for loss allowances;
 • Fair value measurement of financial instruments.
 Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised prospectively.
2.3. Property, plant and equipment
 2.3.1. Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated 
impairment losses, if any;
 2.3.2. The initial cost of an asset comprises its purchase price or construction cost (including import duties 
and non-refundable taxes), any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset into the location and 
condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, the 
initial estimate of any decommissioning obligation, if any, and, borrowing cost for qualifying assets (i.e. 
assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use);
 2.3.3. Subsequent expenditure is capitalized only if it probable that the future economic benefits associated 
with the expenditure will flow to the Group;
 2.3.4. Spare parts which meet the definition of Property, Plant and Equipment are capitalized as Property, 
Plant and Equipment in case the unit value of the spare part is above the threshold limit. In other cases, 
the spare part is inventorised on procurement and charged to Consolidated statement of Profit and 
Loss on consumption;
 2.3.5. An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially recognized separately as 
part of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal; or when no future economic 
benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on de-recognition of the asset 
is included in the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss when the asset is derecognized;
 2.3.6. The residual values and useful lives of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial 
year end and changes, if any, are accounted in the line with revisions to accounting estimates;
 2.3.7. Property, plant and equipment which are not ready for intended use as on date of Balance Sheet are 
disclosed as “Capital work – in – progress”;
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 176 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
175
 2.3.8. Depreciation is provided on a pro-rata basis on the straight-line method for plant and machinery and 
for all other assets on written down value method (after retaining the estimated residual value up to 
5%) based on estimated useful life prescribed under Schedule II to the Act;
 2.3.9. Components of the main asset that are significant in value and have different useful lives as compared 
to the main asset are depreciated over their estimated useful life. Useful life of such components has 
been assessed based on historical experience and internal technical assessment;
 2.3.10. Depreciation on spare parts specific to an item of property, plant and equipment is based on life of 
the related property, plant and equipment. In other cases, the spare parts are depreciated over their 
estimated useful life based on the technical assessment;
 2.3.11. The Group has chosen the carrying value of property, Plant and Equipment existing as per previous 
GAAP as on date of transition to Ind AS i.e. 1st April, 2016 as deemed cost.
2.4. Biological Assets
 2.4.1. Biological assets comprise livestock maintained by the Group. Since such livestock is used solely 
for internal consumption and not for commercial sale or production activities, and considering 
the immateriality of the value involved, the group measures these biological assets at cost, which 
management considers to be a reasonable approximation of fair value less cost to sell.
2.5. Intangible Assets
 2.5.1. Intangible assets are recognized only if it is probable that the future economic benefits that are 
attributable to the assets will flow to the enterprise and the cost of the assets can be measured 
reliably;
 2.5.2. Intangible assets are carried at cost net of accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment 
losses, if any;
 2.5.3. An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected 
from use or disposal. Gains or losses on derecognition are determined by comparing proceeds with 
carrying amount. These are included in profit or loss within other gains/(losses);
 2.5.4. The estimated useful life is reviewed at each financial year end and changes, if any, are accounted in 
the line with revisions to accounting estimates;
 2.5.5. Intangible assets are not ready for intended use as on date of Balance Sheet are disclosed as “Intangible 
assets under development”;
 2.5.6. The intangible assets with a finite useful life are amortized using Written Down Value Method over 
their estimated useful lives except in the case ERP software which is amortized over the period of 
its useful life on straight line method basis (SLM). The Management’s estimate of the useful lives for 
various class of intangibles are given below:
Asset Useful Life
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Software 5 Years
2.6. Investment Property
 2.6.1. Investment property is property (land or a building — or part of a building — or both) held either to 
earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in the ordinary course of 
business, use in production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. Investment 
properties are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses,  
if any;
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 177 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
176
 2.6.2. Any gain or loss on disposal of investment property calculated as the difference between the 
net proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of the Investment Property is recognised in 
consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss;
 2.6.3. Depreciation on building is provided over its useful life using written down value method. These useful 
lives determined are in line with the useful lives as prescribed in the Schedule II of the Act.
2.7. Leases
 The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease, at the inception of a contract. A contract is, 
or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of 
time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an 
identified asset, the Group assesses whether:
 a). the contract involves the use of an identified asset;
 b). the Group has substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset through the period of 
the lease and
 c). the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset.
 2.7.1. As a Lessee
  The right-of-use asset is a lessee’s right to use an asset over the life of a lease. At the date of 
commencement of the lease, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease 
liability for all lease arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for short-term leases and leases of low 
value assets. For these, the Group recognises the lease payments as an operating expense.
  The right-of-use assets are initially recognised at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease 
liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease 
plus any initial direct costs less any lease incentives. They are subsequently measured at cost less 
accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. Right-of-use assets are depreciated from the 
commencement date on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and useful life of the 
underlying asset.
  The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the future lease payments. The lease 
payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, 
using the incremental borrowing rates. The lease liability is subsequently remeasured by increasing 
the carrying amount to reflect interest on the lease liability and reducing the carrying amount to 
reflect the lease payments made.
  A lease liability is remeasured upon the occurrence of certain events such as a change in the lease 
term or a change in an index or rate used to determine lease payments. The remeasurement normally 
also adjusts the leased assets.
 2.7.2.  As a Lessor
  A lessor shall classify each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.
  Finance leases
  A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental 
to ownership of an underlying asset. Group shall recognise assets held under a finance lease in its 
balance sheet and present them as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the lease.
  Operating leases
  A lease is classified as an operating lease if it does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards 
incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. Group shall recognize lease payments from operating 
leases as income on straight line basis over the term of relevant lessee.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 178 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
177
2.8. Impairment of Non-financial Assets
 2.8.1. Non-financial assets other than inventories, deferred tax assets and non-current assets classified as 
held for sale are reviewed at each Balance Sheet date to determine whether there is any indication of 
impairment. If any such indication exists or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the 
Group estimates the asset’s recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of the assets or 
Cash Generating Unit’s (CGU) fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Recoverable amount 
is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely 
independent of those from other assets or group of assets;
 2.8.2. When the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered 
impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.
2.9. Inventories
 2.9.1. Inventories are valued at lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories is based on 
weighted average basis;
 2.9.2. Cost of raw materials and stores and spares includes cost of purchase and other costs incurred in 
bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The aforesaid items are valued at net 
realisable value if the finished products in which they are to be incorporated are expected to be sold 
at a loss;
 2.9.3. Cost of finished goods and work-in-progress include all costs of purchases, conversion costs and other 
costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. The net realisable 
value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of 
completion and estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
2.10. Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
 2.10.1. Provisions are recognized when there is a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a 
past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required 
to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation;
 2.10.2. The expenses relating to a provision is presented in the consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss net 
of reimbursements, if any;
 2.10.3. Contingent liabilities are possible obligations whose existence will only be confirmed by future events 
not wholly within the control of the Group, or present obligations where it is not probable that an 
outflow of resources will be required or the amount of the obligation cannot be measured with 
sufficient reliability;
 2.10.4. Contingent liabilities are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements but are disclosed 
unless the possibility of an outflow of economic resources is considered remote.
2.11. Revenue Recognition
 2.11.1. Sale of goods:
  Revenue is recognised upon transfer of control of promised goods to customers in an amount that 
reflects the consideration which the Group expects to receive in exchange for those goods;
  Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control is transferred to the 
customer which is usually on dispatch of goods, based on contracts with the customers. Export sales 
are recognized on the issuance of Bill of Lading / Airway bill by the carrier;
  Revenue is measured based on the transaction price, which is the consideration, adjusted for discounts, 
price concessions, incentives, and returns, if any, as specified in the contracts with the customers. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 179 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
178
Accruals for discounts/incentives and returns are estimated (using the most likely method) based on 
accumulated experience and underlying schemes and agreements with customers. Due to the short 
nature of credit period given to customers, there is no financing component in the contract;
  Revenue excludes taxes collected from customers on behalf of the government.
  Contract Balances:
  Trade Receivables
  A receivable represents the Group right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only 
the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due).
  Contract liabilities
  A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Group has 
received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If a customer pays 
consideration before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is 
recognised when the payment is made, or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities 
are recognised as revenue when the group performs under the contract.
 2.11.2. Rendering of Services
  Revenue is recognized from rendering of services when the performance obligation is satisfied and the 
services are rendered in accordance with the terms of customer contracts. Revenue is measured based 
on the transaction price, which is the consideration, as specified in the contract with the customer.
  Revenue from services is recognised over a time by measuring progress towards satisfaction of 
performance obligation for the services rendered.
  Revenue excludes taxes collected from customers on behalf of the government.
 2.11.3. Lease license fees are recognised on straight line basis over the terms of the lease;
 2.11.4. Export incentives under various schemes notified by the Government have been recognised on the 
basis of applicable regulations, and when reasonable assurance to receive such revenue is established;
 2.11.5. Revenue from the sale of Development rights is recognised in terms of agreement entered into by the 
Holding Company with the Developer;
 2.11.6. Interest income is recognized using the effective interest rate (EIR) method;
 2.11.7. Dividend income on investments is recognised when the right to receive dividend is established;
 2.11.8. Insurance claims are accounted for on the basis of claims admitted / expected to be admitted and 
to the extent that the amount recoverable can be measured reliably and it is reasonable to expect 
ultimate collection;
2.12. Employee Benefits
 2.12.1. Short-term employee benefits
  All employee benefits payable within twelve months of rendering the service are classified as short-
term employee benefits. Benefits such as salaries, wages etc. and the expected cost of ex-gratia are 
recognised in the period in which the employee renders the related service.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 180 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
179
 2.12.2. Post-employment benefits
  The Group operates the following post – employment schemes:
  - Defined contribution plans such as provident fund and Family pension fund; and
  - Defined benefit plans such as gratuity.
  Defined Contribution Plans:
  Obligations for contributions to defined contribution plans such as provident fund are recognised 
as an expense in the consolidated statement of Profit and Loss as the related service is rendered by 
the employee. The said benefits are classified as Defined Contribution Schemes as the Group has no 
further defined obligations beyond the monthly contributions;
  Defined Benefit Plans:
  The Group net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans such as gratuity is calculated by 
estimating the amount of future benefit that the employees have earned in the current and prior 
periods, discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets;
  The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed at each reporting period end by a qualified 
actuary using the projected unit credit method. When the calculation results in a potential asset for 
the Group, the recognised asset is limited to the present value of the economic benefits available in 
the form of any future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan;
  The current service cost of the defined benefit plan, recognized in the consolidated statement of Profit 
and Loss as part of employee benefit expense, reflects the increase in the defined benefit obligation 
resulting from employee
  service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and settlements. Past service costs are 
recognized immediately in the consolidated Consolidated statement of Profit and Loss. The net interest 
is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the defined benefit obligation and the 
fair value of plan assets. This net interest is included in employee benefit expense in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss;
  Re-measurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial 
assumptions are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in other comprehensive income;
 2.12.3. Other long-term employee benefits
  Liability towards other long term employee benefits - leave encashment are determined on actuarial 
valuation by qualified actuary by using Projected Unit Credit method;
  The current service cost of other long terms employee benefits, recognized in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss as part of employee benefit expense, reflects the increase in the 
obligation resulting from employee service in the current year, benefit changes, curtailments and 
settlements. Past service costs are recognized immediately in the Consolidated Statement of Profit 
and Loss. The interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the balance of the obligation. 
This cost is included in employee benefit expense in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss. 
Re- measurements are recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
2.13. Borrowing costs
 2.13.1. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs incurred in connection with the borrowing of 
funds. Borrowing costs also include exchange differences to the extent regarded as an adjustment to 
the borrowing costs;
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 181 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
180
 2.13.2. Borrowing costs that are attributable to the acquisition or construction of qualifying assets (i.e. an asset 
that necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use) are capitalized as 
a part of the cost of such assets. All other borrowing costs are charged to the Consolidated Statement 
of Profit and Loss. Investment Income earned on the temporary investment of funds of specific 
borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs 
eligible for capitalisation.
2.14. Foreign Currency Transactions
 2.14.1. Monetary items:
  Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at their respective exchange rates at the date 
the transaction first qualifies for recognition;
  Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at exchange rates 
prevailing on the reporting date;
  Exchange differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss either as profit or loss on foreign currency transaction and 
translation or as borrowing costs to the extent regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs.
 2.14.2. Non – Monetary items:
  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated 
using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions.
2.15. Government Grants
 2.15.1. Government grants are recognized where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received 
and all attached conditions will be complied with;
 2.15.2. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognized in Consolidated Statement of Profit 
and Loss on a systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to 
compensate, are expensed;
 2.15.3. Government grants relating to Property, Plant and Equipment are presented as deferred income and 
are credited to the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss on a systematic and rational basis over 
the useful life of the asset;
 2.15.4. Export incentives under various schemes notified by the Government have been recognised on the 
basis of applicable regulations, and when reasonable assurance to receive such revenue is established.
2.16. Fair Value Measurement
 2.16.1. The Group measures certain financial instruments at fair value at each reporting date;
 2.16.2. Certain accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial 
and non- financial assets and liabilities;
 2.16.3. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants at the measurement date in the principal or, in its absence, 
the most advantageous market to which the Group has access at that date. The fair value of a liability 
also reflects its non-performance risk;
 2.16.4. The best estimate of the fair value of a financial instrument on initial recognition is normally the 
transaction price – i.e. the fair value of the consideration given or received. If the Group determines 
that the fair value on initial recognition differs from the transaction price and the fair value is evidenced 
neither by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability nor based on a valuation 
technique that uses only data from observable markets, then the financial instrument is initially 
measured at fair value, adjusted to defer the difference between the fair value on initial recognition 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 182 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
181
and the transaction price. Subsequently that difference is recognised in Consolidated Statement of 
Profit and Loss on an appropriate basis over the life of the instrument but no later than when the 
valuation is wholly supported by observable market data or the transaction is closed out;
 2.16.5. While measuring the fair value of an asset or liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as 
possible. Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs 
used in the valuation technique as follows:
  - Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
  - Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the assets or 
liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
  - Level 3: inputs for the assets or liability that are not based on observable market data 
(unobservable inputs);
 2.16.6. When quoted price in active market for an instrument is available, the Group measures the fair value of 
the instrument using that price. A market is regarded as active if transactions for the asset or liability 
take place with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis;
 2.16.7. If there is no quoted price in an active market, then the Group uses valuation techniques that maximize 
the use of relevant observable inputs and minimise the use of unobservable inputs. The chosen 
valuation technique incorporates all of the factors that market participants would take into account in 
pricing a transaction;
 2.16.8. The Group regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party 
information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the Group 
assesses the evidence obtained from third parties to support the conclusion that these valuations 
meet the requirements of Ind AS, including the level in the fair value hierarchy in which the valuations 
should be classified.
2.17. Financial Instruments
 A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and a financial liability 
or equity instrument of another entity.
 2.17.1. Financial Assets
  I. Initial recognition and measurement
   The Group recognises financial assets when it becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument.
   All financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised at fair value on initial recognition, 
except for trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for 
which the Group has applied practical expedient are initially measured at the transaction price 
determined under Ind AS 115.
   Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and 
financial liabilities, which are not at fair value through profit and loss, are added to the fair value 
on initial recognition. Financial assets are classified at the initial recognition as financial assets 
measured at fair value or as financial assets measured at amortised cost.
  II. Subsequent measurement
   Financial assets are subsequently classified as measured at
   a) amortised cost;
   b) fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL);
   c) fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 183 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
182
   Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their recognition, except if and in the period 
the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets.
   a) Measured at amortised cost
    Financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is to hold financial 
assets in order to collect contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and 
interest, are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate (‘EIR’) 
method less impairment, if any. The amortisation of EIR and loss arising from impairment, if 
any is recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
   b) Measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
    Financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both, 
selling financial assets and collecting contractual cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest, are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income. Fair value movements are recognized in the other comprehensive income (OCI). 
Interest income measured using the EIR method and impairment losses, if any are recognised 
in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss. On derecognition, cumulative gain or 
loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from the equity to ‘other income’ in the 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.
    For equity instruments, the Group may make an irrevocable election (on initial recognition) 
to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair value. The Group 
makes such election on an instrument-by-instrument basis.
    If the Group decides to classify an equity instrument as at FVOCI, then all fair value changes 
on the instrument, excluding dividends, are recognised in the Other Comprehensive Income 
(OCI). There is no recycling of the amounts from OCI to Consolidated statement of Profit 
and Loss, even on sale of investment. However, the Group may transfer the cumulative gain 
or loss within equity.
    Equity instruments included within the FVTPL category are measured at fair value with all 
changes recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss.
   c) Measured at fair value through profit or loss
    A financial asset not classified as either amortised cost or FVOCI, is classified as FVTPL. 
Such financial assets are measured at fair value with all changes in fair value, including 
interest income and dividend income if any, recognised as ‘other income’ in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
  III. Derecognition
   The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the 
financial asset expire, or it transfers the contractual rights to receive the cash flows from the 
asset and the transfer qualifies for derecognition under Ind AS 109.
  IV. Impairment of Financial Assets
   In accordance with Ind AS 109, the Group applies Expected Credit Loss (ECL) model for 
measurement and recognition of impairment loss on the financial assets measured at amortised 
cost and debt instrument measured at FVOCI.
   Loss allowance on receivable from customer are measured following the ‘simplified approach’ at 
an amount equal to life time ECL at each reporting date. In respect of other financial assets, the 
loss allowance is measured at 12 months ECL only if there is no significant deterioration in the 
credit risk since initial recognition of the asset or asset is determined to have a low credit risk at 
the reporting date.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 184 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
183
 2.17.2. Financial Liabilities
  Initial recognition and measurement
  Financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of 
the instrument.
  All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and 
payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs. For trade and other payables maturing within 
one year from the Balance Sheet date, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short 
maturity of these instruments.
  Subsequent measurement
  Financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the EIR method. Financial 
liabilities carried at fair value through profit or loss are measured at fair value with all changes in fair 
value recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss;
  Derecognition
  A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, 
cancelled or expires;
 2.17.3. Financial guarantees
  Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be 
made to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment 
when due in accordance with the terms of the debt instrument.
  Financial guarantee contracts are recognised initially as a liability at fair value, adjusted for transaction 
costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee.
  Subsequently, the liability is measured at the higher of the amount of loss allowance determined as 
per impairment requirements of Ind AS 109 and the fair value initially recognised less cumulative 
amortisation;
 2.17.4. Derivative financial instruments:
  The Group uses derivative financial instruments to manage the exposure on account of fluctuation in 
interest rate and foreign exchange rates. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised 
at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently measured 
at fair value with the changes being recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss. 
Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when 
the fair value is negative.
 2.17.5. Embedded derivatives:
  If the hybrid contract contains a host that is a financial asset within the scope of Ind AS 109, the 
classification requirements contained in Ind AS 109 are applied to the entire hybrid contract.
  Derivatives embedded in all other host contracts, including financial liabilities are accounted for as 
separate derivatives and recorded at fair value, if their economic characteristics and risks are not 
closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not held for trading or 
designated at FVTPL.
  These embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in 
Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss, unless designated as effective hedging instruments.
  Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly 
modifies the cash flows.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 185 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
184
 2.17.6.  Offsetting of financial instruments
  Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the Balance Sheet, 
if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention 
to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously;
2.18. Income Tax
 2.18.1. Current Tax
  Income-tax Assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid 
to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are 
enacted or substantively enacted, by the end of reporting period;
  Current Tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss, other comprehensive income or directly in equity.
 2.18.2. Deferred tax
  Deferred tax is provided using the Balance Sheet method on temporary differences between the 
tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes at the 
reporting date;
  Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences;
  Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of 
unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that 
it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, 
and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized;
  The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the 
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part 
of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are re-assessed at each 
reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits 
will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered;
  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year 
when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been 
enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date;
  Deferred Tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in the Consolidated 
Statement of Profit and Loss, other comprehensive income or directly in equity;
  Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off 
current tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity 
and the same taxation authority.
2.19. Segment reporting
 2.19.1. The Group identifies operating segments based on the dominant source, nature of risks and returns 
and the internal organisation. The operating segments are the segments for which separate financial 
information is available and for which operating profit/loss amounts are evaluated regularly by the 
Managing Director (who is the Group chief operating decision maker) in deciding how to allocate 
resources and in assessing performance;
 2.19.2. The accounting policies adopted for segment reporting are in conformity with the accounting policies 
of the Group. Segment revenue, segment expenses, segment assets and segment liabilities have been 
identified to segments on the basis of their relationship to the operating activities of the segment. 
Inter segment revenue is accounted on the basis of transactions which are primarily determined based 
on market / Fair value factors. Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities which relate to the Group as a 
whole and are not allocable to segments on a reasonable basis have been included under ‘unallocated 
revenue / expenses / assets / liabilities.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 186 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
185
2.20. Earnings per share
 Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the profit or loss for the period attributable to equity 
shareholders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period;
 For the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share, the profit or loss for the period attributable to 
equity shareholders and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period are adjusted 
for the effect of all dilutive potential equity shares.
2.21. Cash and Cash equivalents
 Cash and cash equivalents in the Balance Sheet include cash at bank, cash, cheque, draft on hand and demand 
deposits with an original maturity of less than three months, which are subject to an insignificant risk of 
changes in value;
 For the purpose of Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows, Cash and cash equivalents include cash at bank, 
cash, cheque and draft on hand net off of outstanding bank overdrafts as they are considered an integral part 
of the Group cash management. The Group considers all highly liquid investments with a remaining maturity 
at the date of purchase of three months or less and that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash to 
be cash equivalents.
2.22. Cash Flows
 Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, where by net profit before tax is adjusted for the effects 
of transactions of a non-cash nature, any deferrals or accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or 
payments and item of income or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows 
from operating, investing and financing activities are segregated.
2.23. Dividend
 Final dividend on shares is recorded as a liability on the date of approval by the shareholders and interim 
dividends are recorded as a liability on the date of declaration by the Group Board of Directors.
3. Recent Pronouncements:
 Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) notifies new standards or amendments to the existing standards under 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as issued from time to time. In May 2025, MCA notified 
amendments to Ind AS 21 - The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, applicable w.e.f. April 1, 2025. 
The Group has reviewed the amendment and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have 
any significant impact in its consolidated financial statements. In August 2025, MCA notified the following 
amendments to:
 Ind AS 1, Presentation of consolidated financial Statements, applicable w.e.f April 1, 2025 - The amendment 
relates to classification of liabilities as current or non -current and non-current liabilities with covenants. In 
the context of classifying a liability as current, it removes the requirement of existence of a right to defer 
settlement for at least 12 months after the reporting date, and instead requires that the said right should 
exist on the reporting date and have substance. The amendment also introduces guidance on classification 
of liabilities with covenants. The Group has no impact of these amendments in its classification criteria of 
current and non-current liabilities.
 Ind AS 7, Statement of Consolidated Cash Flows and Ind AS 107, Financial Instruments - Disclosures, applicable 
w.e.f April 1, 2025 – The amendment in Ind AS 7 requires to inform users of consolidated financial statements 
of the existence of supplier finance arrangements and explain the nature of the arrangements, the carrying 
amount of liabilities and the range of payment due dates. Ind AS 107 has been amended to add supplier 
finance arrangements as a factor that may cause concentration of liquidity risk. The Group has reviewed the 
amendment and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have any impact in its consolidated 
financial statements.
 Ind AS 12, International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules applicable immediately - The amendments 
provide a temporary mandatory relief from deferred tax accounting for top-up tax and disclose that they 
have applied the relief. This relief is immediate and applies retrospectively. The Group has reviewed the 
amendment and based on its evaluation has determined that it does not have any impact in its consolidated 
financial statements.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026

===== PAGE 187 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
186
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
4. Property, plant and equipment
Particulars
 Freehold 
Land
 Freehold 
Land - under 
development
 Buildings  Plant & 
Equipment 
(Refer note 
4.2)
 Furniture 
&Fixtures 
(Refer note 
4.2)
 Vehicles Office 
Equipments
 Total
Balance as at 1st April, 2025  491.02  0.93  7,573.41  9,511.68  36.63  629.61  299.63  18,542.90 
Additions / adjustments  -    -    385.56  907.19  0.75  20.29  46.31  1,360.11 
Disposals / adjustments  -    -    35.83  23.05  -    17.51  2.71  79.10 
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  491.02  0.93  7,923.15  10,395.81  37.38  632.40  343.23  19,823.91 
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 1st April, 2025  -    -    2,654.74  5,216.45  26.92  243.04  191.70  8,332.83 
Depreciation for the year  -    -    318.01  499.24  1.82  121.58  40.57  981.22 
Disposals / adjustments  -    -    13.62  17.01  -    14.69  45.32 
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  -    -    2,959.13  5,698.68  28.74  349.93  232.27  9,268.73 
Net Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  491.02  0.93  4,964.02  4,697.14  8.64  282.46  110.96  10,555.18 
Notes:- 
4.1 Property plant and equipment pledged as securities for borrowing as detailed in note no 26.
4.2 These include assets which are given on operating leases , the details thereof are included in note no.49.B
4.3 In respect of Freehold Land of Dhamni Unit amounting to ` 31.80 lacs included in the above a part of the original title documents deposited 
with one of the Bank for creation of Mortgage and later reported by bank as untraceable and informed the Company that FIR and Newspaper 
publication have been completed for the same.
4.4 The Company has not re-valued any of its Property, Plant & Equipment (including Right to use assets) and intangible assets during the year.
4.5 During the FY 2025-26,a vehicle amounting to Rs 20.29 Lakhs was purchased in the name of director and was used for business purposes.
4.6 During the year ended 31 March 2026, FSI premium of `354.31 lakhs was reclassified from Intangible Assets to Buildings based on settlement 
agreement.

===== PAGE 188 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
187
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
5. Right of use assets
Particulars  Land  Vehicle  Computer  
Hardware 
 Total 
Gross Carrying Value (At Cost)
Balance as at 1st April , 2025  134.18  181.30  69.62  385.10 
Additions / adjustments  285.85  285.85 
Disposals / adjustments  -   
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  420.03  181.30  69.62  670.95 
Balance as at 1st April , 2025  109.89  138.51  69.62  318.02 
Depreciation for the year  24.78  15.40  -    40.18 
Disposals / adjustments  -   
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  134.67  153.91  69.62  358.20 
Net Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  285.35  27.39  0.00  312.75 
 These include assets which are taken on lease, the details thereof are included in note no.49 A
6. Capital work in progress
Particulars  Amount
31st March 2026 9,317.36
For Capital-work-in progress, following is the ageing schedule :
Capital Work in Progress Amount in CWIP for a period of Total
Less than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years*
As at March 31, 2026 :
Projects in progress 2,458.18 1,043.73 - 5,815.45 9,317.36
Total 2,458.18 1,043.73 - 5,815.45 9,317.36
 For Capital Work in Progress completion schedule, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded its cost 
compared to its original plan: None
 The Company has undertaken installation of two Open Access Solar Power plants for its Dhamni and Kharsundi 
Unit.This will Enable reduction in cost and at the same time shift to renewable sources of energy.The capacity 
addition will be approximately 12 Mwb in addition to the rooftop solar already installed.
 *During the year on settlement with Developer, the share in unsold property for which OC is not yet received 
and is therefore shown under CWIP.

===== PAGE 189 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
188
7. Investment Property
Particulars  Freehold Land  Buildings 
(refer note 7.1)  Total
Gross Carrying Value (At Cost)
Balance as at 1st April , 2025  553.98  3,772.51  4,326.49 
Additions / adjustments  -    66,458.06  66,458.06 
Disposals / adjustments  -    -   
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  553.98  70,230.57  70,784.55 
Accumulated Depreciation
Balance as at 1st April , 2025  -    1,288.50  1,288.50 
Depreciation for the year  -    1,411.62  1,411.62 
Disposals / adjustments  -    -    -   
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  -    2,700.12  2,700.12 
Net Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  553.98  67,530.45  68,084.43 
 Notes:
7.1 These include assets which are given on operating leases, the details thereof are included in note no.49.B
Fair value
Particulars  Freehold Land  Buildings 
As at 31st March, 2026  7,436.25  1,54,750.21 
 The fair values of the investment property are categorised as level 3 in the fair valuation hierarchy and has been 
determined by Ready Reckoner rate as per local government authority.
Information regarding Income and Expenditure of Investment Property
Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Rental Income derived from Investment Property*  5,692.02 
Less: Direct operating expenses  
(including repairs and maintenance) generating rental income
 464.07 
Less :Direct operating expenses (including repairs and maintenance)  
not generating rental income
 154.58 
Income arising from investment property before depreciation  5,073.37 
Less: Depreciation  1,411.62 
Income from Investment property (Net)  3,661.75 
 *The amount does not include other amenities charges recovered of ` 582.68 Lakhs.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 190 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
189
8. Intangible Assets
Particulars  Enterprise  
Resource  
Planning (ERP)  
software 
 Floor Space 
Index 
 Total
Gross Carrying Value ( At Cost )
Balance as at 1st April , 2025  80.90  354.31  435.22 
Additions / adjustments  4.24  -    4.24 
Disposals / adjustments  -    354.31  354.31 
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  85.14  -    85.14 
Accumlated Depreciation
Balance as at 1st April , 2025  45.68  -    45.68 
Depreciation for the year  15.41  15.41 
Disposals / adjustments  -   
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  61.09  -    61.09 
Net Carrying Value
Balance as at 31st March, 2026  24.05  -    24.05 
8.1 During the year ended 31 March 2026, FSI premium of ` 354.31 lakhs was reclassified from Intangible Assets to 
Buildings based on settlement agreement. (Refer Note 4.6)
9. Intangible Assets under Development
Particulars  ERP Software under  
Development 
Balance as at 1st April, 2025 60.00
Additions / adjustments -
Disposals / adjustments
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 60.00
 For Intangible Assets Under Development, following is the ageing schedule :
Intangible Assets  
Under Develpement
Amount in Intangible  
Assets Under Development for a period of TotalLess than  
1 year
1-2 years 2-3 years More than  
3 years
As at March 31, 2026 :
Projects in progress - - - 60.00 60.00
Total - - - 60.00 60.00
 For Intangible assets under development completion schedule, whose completion is overdue or has exceeded 
its cost compared to its original plan: None
10. Biological assets other than bearer plants
Particulars  Live stock 
Gross Carrying Value ( At Cost )
Balance as at 1st April , 2025 10.81
Additions / adjustments -
Disposals / adjustments -
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 10.81
Net Carrying Value -
Balance as at 31st March, 2026 10.81
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 191 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
190
11. Investment Non Current
Particulars Quantity As at 
31st March, 2026
Investment in Equity Instruments
At Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
The New Piece Goods Bazar Company Limited 90  0.28
At Fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  1,00,000  1,925.00
Jambavati Project Realty Two LLP  165.00
Total  2,090.28
Investment in Fund
At Fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL)
Investment in Alertnative investment Fund  2,33,31,333.40  2,375.01
Investment in Foreign Fund  24,233.48  2,413.12
Total  4,788.14
Total Investment  6,878.42
Aggregate value of unquoted investments  6,878.42
Aggregate value of quoted investments  -
Aggregate amount of Impairment in the value of investment  -
12. Loans-Non Current
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
At amortised Cost
Other Loans
- Inter Corporate Deposits  1,375.00 
Total  1,375.00 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Sub - clasification of Loans
Loans considered good  - Secured 1375.00
Loans considered good  - Unsecured -
Total 1375.00
Less : Loss Allowances -
Total 1375.00
 The Company has not given any loans or advances in the nature of loans to key managerial persons, directors, 
promoters or related parties  either severally or jointly with any other person.
13. Other financial assets - Non current
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
At Amortised Cost
Security Deposits  472.09 
Lease Equalisation Reserve  196.34 
Fixed deposit with bank with remaining maturity more than 12 months
  Held as Margin money  1,042.28 
Accrued Income  -   
Dues from developer  -   
Total 1,710.70
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 192 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
191
13.1 The company had entered into understanding with the Developer  group  for the development of Dadar land.  In 
2008, the Company entered into a Revenue Share Development Agreement (DA) granting rights to develop a 
Commercial Tower on part of the Dadar land.As per the terms of the Revenue Share Development Agreement, 
the cost incurred by Company upto 11th December 2025 for the construction amounted to Rs.65,404 lakhs.  
 The renewed Occupation Certificate was received in 2022. In view of the economic interest of the developer and 
with the development being completed, the Company and the Developer mutually entered into a Cancellation 
agreement pursuant to a mediation done under the guidance of a retired High Court Judge whereby the share 
of the Developer in terms of the unsold areas was determined and part of the area was handed over to the 
Developer while settling the monetary claims of Developer.
14. Non current Tax Assets (Net)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Taxes paid in advance - (net of provision for tax)  822.80 
Total 822.80
15. Other non current assets
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
At Amortised Cost
Capital advances  1,125.00 
Prepaid Expenses  20.05 
Advance to gratuity trust ( Net of Obligation )*  -   
Advances to Suppliers  40.61 
Less : Provision for Doubtful Debts  (40.61)
Total  1,145.04 
 * Refer Note 47
16. Inventories
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Raw Materials  876.89 
Work-in-Progress  4,999.59 
Finished Goods  2,005.73 
Fuel  217.01 
Stores and Spares
` - Goods in Transit  1.06 
` - Others  532.40 
Others  1.63 
Total  8,634.30 
 16.1 For accounting policy on inventories Refer note 2.09;
 16.2 Inventories hypothecated  as security for bank borrowings - Refer note 26 and 32;
 16.3 The cost of inventories recognised as an expense includes ` 15.42 Lakhs  in respect of adjustment of 
inventories to net realisable value/slow moving.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 193 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
192
17. Investment-Current
Particulars Quantity As at 
31st March, 2026
Investment in Equity Instruments-FVPL
(i) Quoted
 Investment in Shares
 BAJAJ AUTO LTD  195  17.12
 BAJAJ FINSERV LTD  990  16.15
 BHARTI AIRTEL LTD  2,194  39.11
 Eicher Motors Ltd  275  18.11
 HDFC Bank Ltd  8,215  60.10
 ICICI Bank Ltd  6,709  80.90
 Infosys Ltd  3,136  39.22
 LARSEN & TOUBRO LTD  1,770  62.02
 Maruti Suzuki India Ltd  283  34.83
 NESTLE INDIA LTD  2,498  29.35
 RELIANCE INDUSTRIES LTD  8,122  109.15
 TATA STEEL LTD  11,476  22.02
 TITAN COMPANY LTD  503  19.88
 ULTRATECH CEMENT LTD  249  26.76
 Total In Equity Instrument  574.71
 Investment in ETF -FVPL -Quoted
 ICICI Pru Nifty Infrastructure ETF-G  1,95,915  172.17
 Mirae Asset Nifty Metal ETF  11,56,656  129.67
 Mirae Asset Gold ETF-G  246  246.32
 Mirae Asset Silver ETF-G  92  91.84
 Total ETF  640.01
Investment in Mutual Fund
(i) Unquoted Investment in Mutual Funds at FVPL
 Bank of India Liquid Fund- Direct Plan  11  0.35
 ICICI Pru Focused Equity Direct-G  3,12,829  299.53
 Invesco India Focused Fund Direct-G  12,29,590  305.43
 Kotak Nifty Commodities Index Direct-G  18,69,794  213.08
 Motilal Oswal BSE Enhanced Value Index Direct-G  7,16,917  183.82
 Motilal Oswal Nifty 200 Momentum 30 Index Fund Direct-G  17,06,006  230.24
 Navi Nifty Bank Index Fund Direct-G  22,12,717  292.04
 Navi Nifty Next 50 Index Fund Direct-G  21,28,535  305.47
 Tata Nifty Midcap 150 Index Direct-G  35,17,362  324.61
 Bandhan Low Duration Direct-G  6,493 2.6781
 Total Mutual Funds  2,157.26
Investment in Corpoarte Bonds at FVPL
(i) Quoted
 MUTHOOT FINANCE LIMITED OP I 8.52 NCD 07AP28 FVRS1LAC  282  306.37
 Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited SR V.2020 7.05 LOA 110T30 
FVRS10LAC
 27  269.51
 STATE BANK OF INDIA SR I 7.75 BD PERPETUAL FVRS1CR  2  209.08
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 194 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
193
Particulars Quantity As at 
31st March, 2026
(ii) Unquoted
 BROOKFIELD INDIA REAL ESTATE TRUST  20,408  66.06
 Embassy Office Parks Reit  29,628  124.52
 Energy Infrastructure Trust  75,000  58.48
 KNOWLEDGE REALTY TRUST REIT  94,691  107.57
 MINDSPACE BUSINESS PARKS REIT  9,725  43.68
 Vertis Infrastructure Trust  75,000  79.95
 Total Corporate Bonds  1,265.21
 Total Investment  4,637.19
 Aggregate value of unquoted investments  2,637.52
 Aggregate value of quoted investments  1,999.68
 Aggregate amount of Impairment in the value of investment  -
18. Trade receivables
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
At Amortised Cost
Trade receivable considered goods-Unsecured 4,448.61
Trade receivable which have significant increase in credit risk -
Trade receivable credit impaired 2,61.40
4,710.01
Less: Allowances for expected credit loss (391.18)
Total 4,318.84
Particular
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment FY 2025-26
Not Due Less than  
6 months
6 months 
- 1 year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More 
than  
3 years
Total
(i) Undisputed Trade 
receivables –  
considered good
2,393.82 1,526.02 1,46.27 55.66 123.71  203.14  4,448.61 
(ii) Undisputed Trade 
Receivables – which have 
significant increase in 
credit risk
 -   
(iii) Undisputed  Trade 
Receivables –  
credit impaired
 3.54  4.87  15.02  73.14  164.83  261.40 
(iv) Disputed Trade 
Receivables–  
considered good
 -   
(v) Disputed Trade 
Receivables – which have 
significant increase in 
credit risk
 -    -    -    -    -    -    -   
(vi) Disputed Trade 
Receivables –  
credit impaired
 -    -    -   
Less : Allowances for 
expected credit loss
 (391.18)
Total  2,393.82  1,529.56  151.14  70.68  196.85  367.97  4,318.84 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 195 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
194
18.1 There are no unbilled receivables as at 31st March, 2026.
18.2 The credit period for trade receivable for textile related is 21 days and for garment related ranges from 60 days 
to 120 days;
18.3 Company is in the process of reconciling balances of some parties. The Company believes that on completion 
of the said process, there would be no material adjustments necessary in the accounts.
18.4 Before accepting any new customer, the Company has appropriate levels of control procedures which ensure 
the potential customer’s credit quality. Credit limits scoring attributed to customers are reviewed periodically 
by the Management;
 18.5 Trade receivables hypothecated as security for bank borrowings - Refer note 26 and 32
18.6 Movement in the expected credit loss allowance
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Balance at the beginning of the year 197.89
Add: Provision during the year 193.29
Less:Reversal during the year -
Balance at the end of the year 391.18
19. Cash and cash equivalents
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
At Amortised Cost
Balance with Banks  869.53 
- In current account  623.33 
- In cash credit account  246.19 
Cash on hand  3.91 
Total  873.44 
20. Bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
At Amortised Cost
Balances with Banks
Unpaid dividend  8.47
Other Bank Balances
Fixed deposits with banks with remaining maturity of more than three but less than twelve 
months
- Held as Marigin money  503.50
Total  511.98
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 196 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
195
21. Other financial assets - Current
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Accrued Income  106.29
Lease Equalisation Asset  11.72
Interest receivable on security / fixed deposits  115.38
Receivable against sale of Capital Assets  40.00
Subtotal (A)  273.39
Subsidy Receivables
Capital subsidy receivable under TUFS  29.47
Interest subsidy receivable under TUFS  410.88
Foreign exchange subsidy receivable*  311.08
Less: Loss Allowance  (87.65)
Subtotal (B)  663.78
Total ( A + B )  937.18
 * The amount is receivable from the government authorities on completion of formalities.
22. Other current assets
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Unsecured, Considered good
Advances other than capital advances
Advances to Suppliers  966.03 
Prepaid Expenses 106.43
Others 172.59
Total  1,245.04 
23. Current Tax Assets (Net)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
- Income Tax Paid (net of Provision for tax) 180.72
Total 180.72
 While making the provision for Current tax, the Company has relied on the opinion of an expert for the tax 
treatment of gains earned for the Grant of development rights and availability of certain tax benefits in respect 
of the capital expenditure incurred on shifting of the industrial undertaking,as per the provision of the Income 
Tax Act,1961.
24. Equity Share Capital
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Authorised:
3,50,00,000 equity shares of ` 5 per value 1,750.00
1,750.00
Issued,Subscribed And Paid Up:
3,34,40,000 Equity Shares of ` 5 per value fully paid 1,672.00
Total 1,672.00
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 197 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
196
24.1 Reconciliation of number of shares:
Particulars
As at 31st March, 2026
Number of 
shares Amount
Equity Shares:
Balance as at the beginning of the year  3,34,40,000  1,672.00 
Changes during the year  -    -   
Balance as at the end of the year  3,34,40,000  1,672.00 
24.2 Rights, preferences and restrictions attached to shares
 i. The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having par value of ` 5 per share. 
Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share. In the event of liquidation of the Company, 
the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive any of the remaining assets of the Company, after 
distribution of all preferential amounts. The distribution will be in proportion to the number of equity 
shares held by the shareholders.
 ii The Company declares and pays dividend in Indian Rupees. The final dividend, if any, proposed by the 
Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing Annual General Meeting, 
except in case of interim dividend.
24.3 Details of shares held by shareholders holding more than 5% of the aggregate equity shares in the Company :
Particulars
As at  
31st March, 2026
Number of 
shares % held
Name of the Shareholder
Manubhai and Sons Investment Company Private Limited  47,77,800  14.29 
Hiren Brothers Investment Company Private Limited  47,77,800  14.29 
M C Shah and Sons Investment Company Private Limited  47,76,680  14.28 
Smt Aruna Manharlal Shah  26,55,440  7.94 
24.4 Shareholding of Promoters as at 31st March, 2026
Name Number of 
Shares % of Total Shares
Viraj Manharhal Shah  13,54,640  4.05 
Aruna Manharlal Shah  26,55,440  7.94 
Hiren Manharlal Shah  9,80,600  2.93 
Bharat Manharlal Shah  15,62,000  4.67 
Hiren Brother Investment Company Private Limited  47,77,800  14.29 
Manubhai and Sons Investment Company Private Limited  47,77,800  14.29 
M C Shah and Sons Investment Company Private Limited  47,76,680  14.28 
Hiren Manharlal HUF  4,70,400  1.41 
Viraj Manharhal HUF  4,70,400  1.41 
Bharat Manharlal HUF  4,56,400  1.36 
Dipti Viraj Shah  3,94,000  1.18 
Asha Yogesh Mehta  5,000  0.01 
Purav Hiren Shah  7,69,016  2.30 
Aabha Bharat Shah  3,46,000  1.03 
Jayshree Hiren Shah  6,25,240  1.87 
Rishabh Viraj Shah  6,26,224  1.87 
Total  2,50,47,640  74.89 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 198 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
197
25. Other equity
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Securities Premium  859.20 
General Reserve  30,039.35 
Retained Earnings  34,864.19 
Total  65,762.73 
 Movement in other equity
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Securities Premium  
Balance at the beginning of the year 859.20
Less : Capitalised for Issue of Bonus Shares -
Balance at the end of the year 859.20
General Reserve  
Balance at the beginning of the year 30,039.35
Balance at the end of the year 30,039.35
Retained Earnings  
Balance at the beginning of the year  31,097.72 
Add : Profit for the year as per Statement of Profit and Loss  4,355.94 
Add: Remeasurement of defined employee benefit plans  (4.28)
Less: Dividend Paid  (585.20)
Balance at the end of the year  34,864.19 
Total other equity  65,762.74 
25.1 Nature and Purpose of reserves
 i Securities premium reserve
  Securities premium reserve is used to record the premium on issue of shares. These reserve is utilised in 
accordance with the provisions of the Act;
 ii General Reserve
  The general reserve represents amounts appropriated out of retained earnings and are available for 
distribution to shareholders.
 iii Retained Earnings
  Retained earnings are the profits that the group has earned till date, less any transfers to general reserve, 
dividends or other distributionspaid to shareholders. Retained earnings includes re-measurement loss / 
(gain) on defined benefit plans, net of taxes that will not be reclassified to Statement of Profit and Loss. 
Retained earnings is a free reserve available to the Company.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 199 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
198
25.2 Dividend on equity shares :
 Dividend paid during the year ended 31st March, 2026 amounting to ` 585.20 Lakhs (` 1.75 per equity share) 
towards final dividend for the year ended 31st March, 2025 as disclosed above.  
 The Board of Directors of the Company in their meeting on 28th May, 2026 recommended final Dividend 
of ` 2.5 per equity share for the year ended 31st March, 2026. This payment is subject to the approval of 
shareholders in the Annual General Meeting of the Company and if approved would result in net cash outflow 
of ` 836 lakhs.
26. Borrowings - Non - current
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
At amortised cost
Secured 
Term Loans
- From Banks 32,616.67
- From Banks- Parties 77.18
Unsecured 
- From others 584.99
Total 33,278.84
Sr. 
No. Nature of Security Rate of Interest As at  
31st March, 2026
I. Term  Loans From Banks:
i Term Loan from IndusInd Bank of ` 1,000.00 lakhs repayable in 84 
monthly instalments starting from the date of first disbursement 
i.e. commencing from June 2021 is secured by :
9.25%  319.42
a Registered mortgage of premises on 9th Floor, Wing A, Ruby 
House, J K Sawant marg, Dadar (West), Mumbai 400028, 
Maharashtra.
b Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of the Company.
ii LRD Loan from HDFC Limited of `. 25,000.00 lakhs sanctioned 
and `. 23,000.00 lakhs availed is repayable in 144 monthly 
instalments to be commenced from January , 2017 secured by:
8.50%  10,180.12
a First exclusive charge through registered mortgage on the 
leased premises of 1,82,348 sq.ft. with respective lessee of the 
4th, 7th, 9th, 18th Floors, North East Wing and entire 14th to 16th 
Floors aggregating to 1,82,348 sq. ft. area of the building "The 
Ruby" at 29 Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar (W),Mumbai 400028, 
Maharashtra
b Assignment of Receivables from the Leave & License of above 
mentioned commercial property through an Escrow account.
c Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of the Company.
d Corporate Guarantee of the Developer.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 200 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
199
Sr. 
No. Nature of Security Rate of Interest As at  
31st March, 2026
iii LRD DLOD Loan from Indusind Bank Limited of `. 3,000.00 lakhs 
sactioned and `. 3,000.00 lakhs availed under Loan Against 
Commercial Property is repayable in 144 monthly instalments to 
be commenced from January, 2019 secured by:
9.25%  1,030.11
a Collateral Exclusive charge through registered mortgage on 
commercial property : on 6th floor, south wing, along with 9 car 
parking at building known as "The Ruby", 29 Senapati Bapat 
Marg, Dadar (W), Mumbai 400028, Maharashtra
b ESCROW of Rent from Lessee (6th floor)
c Assignment of Receivables from the Leave & License of above 
mentioned commercial property through an Escrow account.
d Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of the Company.
e Corporate Guarantee of the Developer.
iv LRD DLOD Loan from Indusind Bank Limited of `. 1,558.00 
lakhs sactioned and `. 1,558 lakhs availed under Loan Against 
Property commercial is repayable in 156 monthly instalments to 
be commenced from June, 2019 secured by:
9.25%  609.78
a Collateral Exclusive charge through registered mortgage on 
commercial property : on 5th floor, North East wing, along with 5 
car parking at building known as "The Ruby", 29 Senapati Bapat 
Marg, Dadar (W),Mumbai 400028, Maharashtra
b ESCROW of Rent from M/s. Ernst & Young Services Pvt. Ltd (5th 
Floor)
c Assignment of Receivables from the Leave & License of above 
mentioned commercial property through an Escrow account.
d Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of the Company.
ii LRD Loan from Union Bank of India Limited of `. 25,000.00 lakhs 
sanctioned and availed is repayable in 144 monthly instalments 
to be commenced from January , 2025 secured by:
8.25%  24,439.55
a 1st Charge by the way of hypothecation of the future lease 
rentral pertaining to office premises on 26th floor, to 29th floor 
at building known as "The Ruby", 29 Senapati Bapat Marg, Dadar 
(W), Mumbai 400028, Maharashtra.
b Assignment of Receivables from the Leave & License of above-
mentioned commercial property through an Escrow cum current 
account
c Personal guarantee of two promoter directors of the Company.
d Corporate Guarantee of the Developer.
II. Term Loan From Other Parties:-
ia Loan from Mercedes Benz Financial Services Private Ltd.  
(Previously Daimler Financial Services India Private Limited) 
of `. 118.00 lakhs is repayable in 60 equal monthly instalment 
commencing from 14th November, 2024, secured against 
hypothecation of specified vehicle in the relevant agreement.
8.60%  92.40
ib Loan from Daimler Financial Services India Private Limited 
of `. 82.49 lakhs is repayable in 60 equal monthly instalment 
commencing from 02nd February, 2022, secured against 
hypothecation of specified vehicle.
6.85%  14.68
Total of (I)+(II)  36,686.06
Less: Current maturities of long term debt  (3,992.22)
 32,693.84 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 201 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
200
Sr. 
No. Nature of Security Rate of Interest As at  
31st March, 2026
III. Terms of Repayment of unsecured borrowings
 Loans and advances from Related Parties
 Inter corporate deposits 8% - 13%
Terms of Repayment :
Long term loans from unrelated parties are repayable after 
31st March, 2026 and loans which are short term in nature are 
repayable on demand.
- From Related parties
- From Others 584.99
 Funds raised by the Company were spent for the purpose for which they were obtained.
27. Lease Liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Lease liabilities (Refer Note 49) 296.53
Total 296.53
28. Other financial liabilities - Non Current
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2026
At Amortised Cost
Trade and Security Deposits  5,131.57 
Total  5,131.57 
29. Provisions   
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Provision for Employee Benefits (Refer Note 47)
- for Leave encashment  59.38 
Total  59.38 
30. Deferred tax liabilities (Net)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Deferred tax assets  194.09 
Deferred tax liabilities  (1,265.39)
Net Deferred Tax Assets / (Liabilities)  (1,071.30)
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 202 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
201
30.1 Movement in deferred tax balances as at 31st March 2026
Particulars
Net  
Balance as 
at 1st April, 
2025
Recognised 
in profit or 
loss
Recognised 
in OCI
As at 31st March, 2026
Net  
Balance
Deferred 
tax Asset
Deferred tax 
Liability
Deferred tax assets /  
(liabilities)
Property, plant and 
equipment, Capital work-
in-progress and Asset held  
for sale
 (547.68)  (633.04)  (1,180.72)  -  (1,180.72)
On account of Leases  1.47  (1.42)  0.05  0.05  -
Inventories  2.26  (2.26)  -  -  -
Investments  (190.68)  106.03  (84.65)  -  (84.65)
Trade and other receivables  52.60  45.85  98.45  98.45  -
Loans and borrowings  (13.10)  13.10  -  -  -
Employee benefits  22.72  44.80  1.44  68.96  68.96  -
Deferred income  17.49  (17.49)  -  -  -
Provisions  26.61  -  26.61  26.61  -
Net deferred tax assets /  
(Liabilities)
 (654.91)  (417.82)  1.44  (1,071.30)  194.09  (1,265.39)
Unused tax assets  
(MAT credit entitlement)
 -  -  -  -
Less : Utilised during the 
year
 -  -  -  -
Unused tax credit  -  -  -  -
Net deferred tax assets /  
(Liabilities)
 1.44  (1,071.30)  194.09  (1,265.39)
31. Other non-current liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Deffered Income
Deferred Government Grants  3.12 
Advance from Customer  1,006.20 
Advance against sale of property  3,175.00 
Total  4,184.32 
32. Borrowings - Current
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
At Amortised Cost
Secured
Current maturities of long term borrowings  ( Refer Note 26 )
- From Banks  3,962.31 
- From other parties  29.90 
Total 3,992.21
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 203 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
202
32.1  Reconcilliation of Quaterly return / statement filed with banks with books of accounts
Quarter ended Name of Bank Amount as per 
Books
Amount  
reported in 
quarterly returns
Amount of  
Difference
Quarter 1-Inventories*
State Bank Of 
India, Bank of 
Baroda and 
Bank of India
8,500.76  8,611.74  (110.98)
Quarter 1-Trade Receivables** 2,489.07  2,489.73  (0.66)
Quarter 2-Inventories* 8,657.33  8,657.69  (0.36)
Quarter 2-Trade Receivables** 3,353.25  3,356.62  (3.37)
Quarter 3-Inventories* 9,347.81 9,464.91  (117.09)
Quarter 3-Trade Receivables** 2,841.93 2,651.07  190.86 
Quarter 4-Inventories* 8,634.30  8,320.03  314.27 
Quarter 4-Trade Receivables** 3,505.14  3,504.68  0.45 
 *On account of difference in Standard Cost considered in quarterly returns and actual cost on absorption basis in books
 ** On account of reconciliation during closure of period
33. Lease Liability 
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Lease liabilities (Refer Note 49)  20.29 
Total  20.29 
34. Trade payables
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small Enterprises  1,311.78 
Due to others
Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises  2,583.83 
Total  3,895.61 
Particulars 
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment FY 2025-26
Not Due Less than 
1 year
1-2 
years
2-3 
years
More than 
3 years Total
(i) MSME  867.06  250.53  43.92  45.03  105.24  1,311.78 
(ii) Other  1,236.10  737.21  79.92  57.84  472.76  2,583.83 
(iii) Disputed dues – MSME  -    -    -    -    -    -   
(iv) Disputed dues – Others  -    -    -    -    -    -   
Total  2,103.16  987.74  123.84  102.87  578.00  3,895.61 
34.1 Trade payables are non - interest bearing and are normally settled within 45 - 60  days.
34.2 Company is in the process of reconciling balances of some parties. The Company believes that on completion 
of the said process, there would be no material adjustments necessary in the accounts.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 204 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
203
35. Other financial liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
At Amortised Cost  
Interest accrued but not due  122.63   
Unpaid Dividend  8.47 
Trade and security deposits.  0.10 
Liabilities for Capital Expenses  65.75 
Other liabilities :
Salaries, wages and other employee benefits payable  196.72 
 Others  822.20 
Total  1,215.87 
36. Other current liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Advances from customers  577.55 
Statutory liabilities 299.08
Deferred Government Grants 0.79
Advance against Sale of Asset 12.00
Total  889.42 
37. Provisions
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
- for Gratuity (Net Obligation)  144.98 
- for Leave encashment  20.16 
Total  165.13 
38. Revenue from Operations 
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
a) Sales of products
 Sale of Products  29,176.67
b) Other Operating Revenues
 Sale of Scrap  36.80
 Duty Drawback on exports  13.42
Total revenue from contracts with customers  29,226.90
License Fees and Other Amenities  6,274.70
Grant of development rights  357.96
 Total  6,632.66
 Total Revenue from Operations  35,859.56
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 205 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
204
39. Other Income
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Interest Income from financial assets at amortised cost
On bank deposits  49.65
On loans and advances*  316.19
Other Interest  198.36
DIVIDEND INCOME
From non-current investment at FVOCI  0.75
From non-current investment at FVTPL  35.00
Other non-operating Income
Net gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment  241.02
Sundry credit balances and excess provisions written back  35.94
Miscellaneous income  8.90
Gain on foreign currency transactions and translations (net)  43.17
Gain or loss on Financial Instruments
Gain on sale of investments valued at FVTPL  471.56
Fair Value gain on Unlisted Shares classified as FVTPL  355.00
Total  1,755.53
Interest income on Fixed deposits created for the development of property directly 
charged to due from developer
 60.40
 *’Interest Income on loans and advances includes interest on excess fund directly paid towards DLOD facility 
availed directly charged to Due from Developer amounting to ` 316.19 lakhs.
40. Cost of Materials Consumed
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Inventories at the beginning of the year  728.31 
Add : Purchases  12,792.49 
Less : Sale of Raw Material  (194.84)
Less: Inventories at the end of the year  (876.89)
Total  12,449.07 
41. Changes in Inventories of finished goods and work-in-progress
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Inventories at the beginning of the year
Finished Goods  1,026.76
Work in Progress  5,998.55
Others  2.45
(a)  7,027.76
Inventories at the end of the Quarter
Finished goods  2,005.73
Work in Progress  4,999.59
Others  1.63
(b)  7,006.95
Net (Increase)/Decrease in Inventories (a) -(b)  20.81
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 206 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
205
42. Employee Benefits Expense
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Salaries, wages and benefits  3,077.72 
Contribution to provident and other funds  181.50 
Staff welfare expenses  36.86 
Total  3,296.08 
 The New Labour Code was introduced by Government of India on 21st November 2025 and further rules were 
published in May 2026, while the State Government rules are still awaited. In the meantime based on actuarial 
valuation, the Company has calculated its gratuity and earned leave liability and made an additional provision 
in accounts for the year ended 31st March 2026 to the extent of ` 185 Lakhs.
43. Finance Costs
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Interest expense
 - Cash credit facilities / buyers' credit  9.40 
 - Term Loans - others  1,137.81 
 - Lease Liability  7.85 
 - Others  319.97 
Other borrowing costs  67.77 
Total  1,542.81 
43.1  Finance cost on borrowing taken for the development of property directly charged to 
due from developer (as per the terms of agreement)
 2,378.96 
44. Depreciation and Amortisation expense
 Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Depreciation on Property, Plant and Equipment  (Refer Note 4 )  981.09 
Depreciation on Investment property ( Refer Note 7 )  1,411.62 
Depreciation on Right of use assets (Refer Note 5)  40.19 
Amortisation of intangible assets ( Refer Note 8 )  15.41 
Total  2,448.31 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 207 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
206
45. Other Expenses
 Particulars Year ended 
31st March, 2026
Consumption of Stores and spares, packing materials, etc  2,888.83
Power and fuel  4,091.73
Brokerage and commission  670.50
Common Area Maintenance Expenditure  230.62
Rent  9.55
Repairs and Maintenance
Building
- Textile  464.86
- Real Estate  640.46
Machinery  72.50
Others  6.79
Insurance  128.45
Rates and taxes  371.10
Director sitting fees  36.80
Directors Commission  25.20
Auditors Remuneration
Audit fees  21.05
Corporate Social Responsbility (Refer Note 55)  85.30
Labour contractor charges  990.16
Freight and Forwarding  258.97
Travelling and conveyance  188.12
Legal and professional fees  566.64
Donations  7.58
Fair Value MTM Loss  373.46
Provision for Doubtful Debts (includes expected credit loss on trade receivables)  178.04
Miscellaneous Expenses  256.55
Total  12,556.57
46. Tax Expense and deferred tax Assets (Net) 
A. Amounts recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss
Particulars Year ended  
31st March, 2026
Current tax expense (a)
In respect of current year  527.67
In respect of earlier years  -
 527.67
Deferred tax expense (b)
In respect of current year  417.83
Tax expense recognised in the income statement (a+b)  945.50
B Amounts recognised in other comprehensive income
Particulars 2025-26
Before Tax Tax(Expense) 
Benefit
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or  loss
Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans (5.72) 1.44
(5.72) 1.44
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 208 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
207
c    Reconciliation of effective tax rate
Particulars 2025-26
% Amount
Profit before tax 5301.44
Tax using the Company’s domestic tax rate (Current year 25.17% and Previous 
Year 25.17%)
25.17% 1334.37
Tax effect of:
Expenses not deductible / income not chargeable under Income Tax Act 56.18
Depreciation Impact  (550.56)
Additional allowance for tax purpose 155.55
Profit on sale of Machinery  (60.66)
Others  10.62
Effective Income Tax Rate 945.50
Adjustments recognised in current year in relation to the current tax of prior 
years
 -
Income Tax Expense 17.83% 945.50
47 Employee Benefits
A Post Employment Benefit Plans:
 Defined Contribution Scheme
 The company makes contributions towards provident fund to define contribution retirement benefit plan for 
qualifying employees. The Provident fund contributions are made to Government administered employees’ 
provident fund. Both the employees  and the company make monthly contributions to the provident fund plan 
equal to a specified percentage of the covered employees salary.
 The company has recognised `150.20 lakhs for Provident fund contributions in the statement of Profit  
and Loss.
 Defined Benefit Plans
 The Company has the following Defined Benefit Plans
 Gratuity:
 The company makes annual contribution to Ruby Mills Limited Employees’ Gratuity Fund managed by HDFC 
Standard Life Insurance Limited and Bajaj Allianz; a funded defined benefit plan for the qualifying employees. 
The scheme provides for Payment to vested employees as under:
 i.  On normal retirement / early retirement /withdrawals/ resignation : As per the provisions of payment of 
Gratuity Act, 1972.
 ii. On death in service : As per provisions of Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972.
 Movement in net defined benefit (asset)/ liability
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 209 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
208
 i. Reconciliation of balances of Defined Benefit Obligations.
Particulars Gratuity Funded
2025-26
Defined Obligations at the beginning of the year  429.89
Interest Cost  23.88
Current Service Cost  161.76
Past Service Cost (Non-Vested Benefits)  1.49
Past Service Cost (Vested Benefits)  58.89
Benefits paid  (26.88)
Actuarial (Gains)/ Losses on obligations
-Changes in financial Assumptions  (19.49)
-Experience adjustments  (2.23)
-Demographic adjustments  (2.26)
Defined Obligations at the end of the year  625.07
 ii. Reconciliation of balances of Fair Value of Plan Assets in respect of Gratuity
Particulars 2025-26
Fair Value at the beginning of the year 477.43
Adjustment to Opening Fair Value of Plan Asset 22.89
Interest income (a) 32.35
Return on Plan Assets, excluding interest income(b)  (52.59)
Actual Return on Plan assets (a+b)  (20.23)
Contribution by employer  -   
Contribution by employee
Reimbursemnet Received  -   
Benefits paid  -   
Fair Value of Plan Assets at the end of the year  480.09 
 iii.
Particulars 2025-26
Amount recognised in Balance sheet (i-ii) 144.98
 iv. Amount recognised in statement of Profit and Loss.
Particulars 2025-26
Current Service Cost  161.76 
Interest Cost  23.88 
Interest income  (32.35)
Past Service Cost (Vested Benefits)  58.89 
Past Service Cost (Non Vested Benefits)  1.49 
Expenses for the year  213.68 
 v. Amount recognised in Other Comprehensive Income 
Particulars 2025-26
Remeasurements :
Actuarial (Gains)/ Losses 
-Changes in financial assumptions  (19.49)
-Experience adjustments  (2.23)
-Demographic adjustments  (2.26)
Return on plan assets excluding net interest cost  52.59 
Total  28.60 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 210 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
209
 vi. Discount Rate (%)
Particulars 2025-26
Discount Rate (%)
Staff 6.79%
Workers 7.25%
Contractual 6.65%
Salary Escalation/ Inflation (%)
Staff 4.00%
Workers 5.00%
Contractual 5.00%
Attrition rate
Staff 8.30%
Workers 3.82%
Contractual 10.00%
Mortality Rates
Staff IALM (2012-14) ULT
Workers IALM (2012-14) ULT
Contractual IALM (2012-14) ULT
Expected Return on Plan assets (%)
Staff 6.79%
Workers 7.25%
Contractual 6.65%
 The estimates for future salary increases, considered in actuarial valuation, take into account inflation, seniority, 
promotion and other relevant factors
 The expected return on plan assets is based on market expectation at the beginning of the period, for returns 
over the entire life of the related obligation
 vii. Investment Pattern for Fund
Particulars 2025-26
Category of Asset
Insurer Managed funds 480.09
Total 480.09
 For the funded plans, the trust maintains appropriate fund balance considering the analysis of maturities. 
Projected Unit credit method is adopted for Asset-Liability Matching.
 Sensitivity analysis
 Sensitivity analysis for significant actuarial assumptions, showing how the defined benefit obligation would 
be affected, considering increase/decrease of 1% as at 31st March, 2026 is as below:
Particulars Gratuity-Funded
+ 1% change in rate of Discounting 590.99
- 1% change in rate of Discounting 663.73
+ 1% change in rate of Salary increase/ inflation 661.29
- 1% change in rate of Salary increase/ inflation 592.63
 Sensitivity for significant actuarial assumptions is computed by varying one actuarial assumption used for the 
valuation keeping all other actuarial assumptions constant.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 211 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
210
 The expected future cash flows as at 31st March 2026 were as follows:
Expected Payout Gratuity-Funded
Projected benefits payable in future years from the date of reporting
1st following year  146.33 
2nd following year  44.06 
3rd following year  55.83 
4th following year  68.40 
5th following year  54.37 
Years 6 to 10  247.75 
 Other details as at 31st March 2026
Particulars Gratuity-Funded
Weighted average duration of the Projected Benefit Obligation(in years)
    Staff 3.32
    Workers 8.76
Contractual 6.64
Prescribed contribution for next year 161.76
B Other Long Term Benefits :
 Leave Salary
 The Leave Salary cover the Company’s liability for casual and earned leave.Entire amount of the provision is 
presented as current, since the Company does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for any of 
these obligations. However, based on past experience, the Company does not expect all employees to take the 
full amount of accrued leave or require payment within the next 12 months. The following amounts reflect leave 
that is not expected to be taken or paid within the next 12 months.
Particulars 2025-26
Leave Salary expected to be settled after twelve months 59.38
48 Related Party disclosures
 In Compliance with Indian Accounting Standard ( Ind As 24 )-”Related Party Disclosures” notified under 
section 133 of the Act read with Companies (Accounting Standard) Rules 2015, the required disclosure are 
given below:-
A List of related parties and relationships
i Key Managerial Personnel:
a) Executive Directors Hiren M. Shah (Executive Chairman)
Bharat M. Shah (Managing Director)
Viraj M. Shah (Managing Director)
Purav H. Shah (Whole Time Director, Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer)
b) Other Key Managerial Personnel Aruna M. Shah ( Chairman Emeritus )
Gurudas Aras (Independent Director )
Yogen S. Lathia (Independent Director Upto 28th December, 2025)
Deepak R Shah ( Non-Executive Non-Independent Director )
Mehernosh Rusi Currawalla (Independent Director)
Jaswanti Patel ( Independent Director )
Rahul Divan ( Independent Director )
Paras Savla ( Independent Director w.e.f  27th December 2025 )
Anuradha Tendulkar ( Company Secretary )
Rishabh V. Shah (President)
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 212 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
211
ii Entities Controlled by Key Managerial 
Personnel
Smt Sushilaben R Mehta and Sir Kikabhai premchand Cardiac 
Institute
Manubhai & Sons Investment Company Private Limited
Hiren Bros. Investment Company Private Limited
M C Shah & Sons Investment Company Private Limited
Lathia Industrial Rollers Private Limited
Lathia Industrial Supplies Company Private Limited
Dawn Enterprise
Fairway Sports Private Ltd
Industrial Roler Corporation 
Industrial Enterprise 
iii Subsidiary Comapanies RUBY GREENTECH T PRIVATE LIMITED (w.e.f 18th March 2026)
RUBY GREENTECH K PRIVATE LIMITED (w.e.f 18th March 2026)
B Disclosure of transactions between the Company and related parties and the status of outstanding balance 
as on 31st March, 2026
 i. Disclosures in respect of transactions/balances with related parties
Key Managerial 
Personnel
Enterprise 
on which Key 
Managerial 
Personnel
Total
As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2026
As at  
31st March, 2026
Balance as at year end
DAWN ENTERPRISE 1.63 1.63
LATHIA RUBBER MFG.CO.PVT.LTD. 0.20 0.20
INDUSTRIAL ENTERPRISE 0.26 0.26
Industrial Roler Corporation 1.44 1.44
Shri Hiren M. Shah 16.79 16.79
Shri Bharat M. Shah 16.79 16.79
Shri Viraj M. Shah 16.79 16.79
Shri Purav H. Shah 11.75 11.75
Shri Rishabh V. Shah  10.63  10.63 
Shri Deepak Shah  4.20  4.20 
Shri Mehernosh Currawala  4.20  4.20 
Shri Yogen Lathia (upto 27th December 2025)  3.15  3.15 
Smt. Jasvanti Patel  4.20  4.20 
Shri Rahul Divan  4.20  4.20 
Shri Gurudas Aras  4.20  4.20 
Shri Paras Savla (w.e.f  27th December 2025)  1.05  1.05 
Total  97.95 3.53 101.48
Security Deposit-Received
Shri Viraj M. Shah  
(Common Area Maintenance (CAM) Income)
8.00 8.00
Total 8.00 8.00
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 213 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
212
Expenses
Rent
Shri Bharat M. Shah  14.40  14.40 
Shri Viraj M. Shah  14.40  14.40 
Professional Fees
Deepak Shah  -   
Labour Charges
Dawn Enterprise
Fairway Sports Private Ltd
Industrial Roler Corporation  
(upto 27th December 2025)
17.23 17.23
Industrial Enterprise (upto 27th December 2025) 1.52 1.52
Income
Shri Viraj M. Shah  
(Common Area Maintenance (CAM) Income)
2.54 2.54
CSR Expenses
Smt Sushilaben R Mehta and Sir Kikabhai 
premchand Cardiac Institute
55.00 55.00
Shree Saurashtra Dashashrimali Seva Sangh 10.00 10.00
Total  31.34 83.75 115.09
Sitting Fees
Shri Deepak Shah 7.40 7.40
Shri Mehernosh Currawala 5.00 5.00
Shri Yogen Lathia( upto 27th December 2025 ) 5.20 5.20
Smt. Jasvanti Patel  4.40  4.40 
Shri Rahul Divan  7.40  7.40 
Shri Gurudas Aras  4.80  4.80 
Shri Paras Savla (w.e.f  27th December 2025 )  2.60  2.60 
Total  36.80  36.80 
Director's Commission
Shri Deepak Shah  4.20  4.20 
Shri Mehernosh Currawala  4.20  4.20 
Shri Yogen Lathia ( upto 27th December 2025 )  3.15  3.15 
Smt. Jasvanti Patel  4.20  4.20 
Shri Rahul Divan  4.20  4.20 
Shri Gurudas Aras  4.20  4.20 
Shri Paras Savla(w.e.f  27th December 2025 )  1.05  1.05 
Total  25.20  25.20 
For Commission Expense regarding current year it 
is still Outstanding
Remuneration of Key Managerial Personnel
Shri Hiren M. Shah 201.48 201.48
Shri Bharat M. Shah 201.48 201.48
Shri Viraj M. Shah 201.48 201.48
Shri Purav H. Shah 141.00 141.00
Shri Rishabh V. Shah  127.56  127.56 
Smt. Anuradha Tendulkar  3.00  3.00 
Total  876.00  876.00 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 214 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
213
Dividend Paid
Smt. Aruna M. Shah 46.47 46.47
Shri Hiren M. Shah 25.39 25.39
Shri Bharat M. Shah 35.32 35.32
Shri Viraj M. Shah 31.94 31.94
Shri Purav H. Shah 13.46 13.46
Shri Rishabh V. Shah  10.96  10.96 
Shri Yogen Lathia ( upto 27th December 2025 )  0.06  0.06 
Shri Mehernosh Currawala  0.04  0.04 
Manubhai & Sons Investment Company Private 
Limited
83.61 83.61
Hiren Bros. Investment Company Private Limited 83.61 83.61
M C Shah & Sons Investment Company Private 
Limited
83.59 83.59
Total  414.44  414.44 
 Remuneration paid include perquisites which does not form part of Managerial remuneration calculation as per 
Schedule V of The Companies Act 2013
C Key Managerial Compensation*
i For referred in i (a) above
Remuneration Year ended 
31st March, 2026
Short-term employee benefits  745.44 
Post-employment benefits 93.02
 838.46 
ii For referred in i (b) above
Remuneration Year ended 
31st March, 2026
Short-term employee benefits  3.00 
Post-employment benefits
Others (Including Sitting fees & Commission to Non-executive directors)  62.00 
 65.00 
 * This aforesaid amount does not includes amounts in respect of gratuity and leave entitlement as the same is 
not determinable. 
D Shri Bharat M. Shah and Shri Viraj M. Shah / Shri Purav Shah, (Directors) have given Personal guarantees for 
loans availed by the Company. Refer note no 26 and 32.
E - The transactions with related parties are made in the normal course of business and on terms equivalent 
to those that prevail in arm’s length transactions.  
 - Outstanding balances at the year-end are unsecured and settlement occurs In cash. 
 - There have been no guarantees provided or received for any related party receivables or payables  
 - The Company has not recorded any impairment of receivables relating to amounts owed by related parties.  
 - Dividend paid to Directors includes their respective HUFs for the FY 2025-26. 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 215 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
214
49 Leases
A Leases as lessee
(a) The following is the Movement in Right of Use assets during the reporting period ended 31st March 2026 and 
its carrying value as on that date
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Balance as on 1st April, 2025  67.06 
Addition of right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property 202.88
Depreciation charged during the current period 40.05
Carrying value of Right-of-use assets  229.88 
(b) The following is the movement in lease liabilities :
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
As at beginning of the year 72.26
Addition 202.88
Finance Cost accrued during the year 7.44
Deletion  -   
Payment of Lease liability 49.15
Lease Liability as at end of the year 233.43
(c) Maturity Analysis of Lease liabilities
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Less than one year 32.50
One to five years 95.04
More than five years 658.85
Total undiscounted lease liabilities for the period ended* 786.38
Lease liabilities included in the statement of financial position*
Current 13.11
Non-current 220.32
(d) Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Depreciation  40.05 
Interest on lease liabilities 7.44
Variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
Expenses relating to short-term leases  9.55 
Expenses relating to leases of low-value assets, excluding short-term leases of low value 
assets
(e) Amount recognised in the statement of cash flows
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Total cash outflow - Principal Repayment of Lease 65.84
Total cash outflow - Interest Paid 7.44
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 216 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
215
B Leases as lessor    
 Operating Lease
 The Company has entered into cancellable and non-cancellable operating lease arrangement in respect of 
Premises, Plant and Machinery and Furniture and Fixture.The lease period in case of Premises ranges upto 60 
months. The details are as follows:
i. Carrying value of Leases assets as follow as on 31st March, 2026
 As at 31st March, 2026
Particulars Buildings Plant and 
Equipments
Furnitures and 
Fixtures
Gross Carrying Amount  3,772.51  1.48  2.84 
Accumulated depreciation  1,414.42  1.00  0.31 
Depreciation recognised in statement of P&L  1,411.62  0.01  0.10 
ii. Total Contingent Rent Recognised as income in the statment of profit and loss in the FY 2025-26 is ` Nil
iii. The Future Minimum lease payments under Non Cancellable lease receivable as at the year ending are as 
follows
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Less than one year  9,209.50 
Between one to five years  19,017.71 
More than five years
50 Earnings per share (EPS)
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for basic and diluted earnings per 
share
 4,355.94 
Issued equity shares at 1st April (In lakhs)  334.40 
Weighted average number of shares at 31st March for basic and diluted earnings per 
shares (Face Value ` 5 per share)
 334.40 
Basic and Diluted earnings per share  (`)  13.03 
51 Financial instruments
A Calculation of fair values
 The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are defined as the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement 
date. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of financial instruments:
 i The fair value of the long-term borrowings carrying floating-rate of interest is not impacted due to interest 
rate changes and will not be significantly different from their carrying amounts as there is no significant 
change in the under-lying credit risk of the Company (since the date of inception of the loans).
 ii Cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, investments in term deposits,investments in mutual funds, 
other financial assets, trade payables, and other financial liabilities have fair values that approximate to 
their carrying amounts due to their short-term nature.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 217 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
216
B Financial Instruments classification and Fair value measurement hierarchy:
Particulars As at 31st March, 2026
 Carrying 
amount 
 Level of input used in
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3
Financial assets
At FVTOCI
 Investments in equity instruments  0.28  0.28
At FVTPL
Investments in equity instruments  2,499.71  574.71  1,925.00
Investment in ETF  640.01  640.01
Investment in Foreign Fund  2,413.12  2,413.12
Investment in AIF  2,375.01  2,375.01
Investments in Mutual Funds  2,157.26  2,157.26
Investment In Corporate Bonds  1,265.21  784.95  480.26
At Amortised cost
Loans  1,375.00
Trade receivables  4,318.84
Cash and cash equivalents  871.45
Bank balances other than above  511.98
Other financial assets  2,647.87
Financial liabilities
At Amortised cost
Borrowings  37,271.06
Lease Liability  233.43
Trade payables  3,894.26
Other Financial liabilities  6,347.44
 The fair value of financial instruments as referred to in note (B) above have been classified into three 
categories depending on the inputs used in the valuation technique. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to 
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and lowest priority to 
unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). 
  The categories used are as follows:
 i Level 1: Quoted prices for identical instruments in an active market; 
 ii Level 2: Directly or indirectly observable market inputs, other than Level 1 inputs; and
 iii Level 3: Inputs which are not based on observable market data.
 iv The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the periods ended 31st March, 2026:
Particulars  Unlisted equity securities
As at 31st March, 2026 1925.28
  During the reporting period ending 31st March, 2026 there was no transfer between level 1 and level 2 fair 
value measurement.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 218 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
217
 Key Inputs for Level 1 and 2 Fair valuation Technique:
 Mutual Funds : Based on Net Asset Value of the Scheme (Level 2)
 Debentures : Based on Market Value of Debentures (Level 1)
C Financial risk management
 Risk management framework
 The Company’s Board of Directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the 
Company’s risk management framework.
 The Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the 
Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks. Risk management policies and 
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Company’s activities.
 The key risks and mitigating actions are also placed before the Audit Committee of the Company.
 The Company has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments:
 a. Credit risk;
 b. Liquidity risk; and
 c. Market risk;
 a. Credit risk
  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial 
instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Company’s trade and 
other receivables, cash and cash equivalents and other bank balances. The maximum exposure to credit 
risk in case of all the financial instruments covered below is restricted to their respective carrying amount.
  i Trade and other receivables
   Customer credit is managed by each business unit subject to the Company’s established policies, 
procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. Trade receivables are non-
interest bearing and are generally on 21 days credit term for Textile division and for Garment division 
its ranges from 60 to 120 days credit term. Credit limits are established for all customers based on 
internal rating criteria. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored.
   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date on an individual basis for major clients. 
In addition, a large number of minor receivables are grouped into homogenous groups and assessed 
for impairment collectively. The Company does not hold collateral as security. The Company has 
no concentration of credit risk as the customer base is widely distributed both economically and 
geographically , except for trade receivables for real estate and related activities where 57% revenue 
comes from one customer.
   The Company measures the expected credit loss of trade receivables based on historical trend, 
industry practices and the business environment in which the entity operates. Loss rates are based on 
actual credit loss experience and past trends.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 219 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
218
   The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk and Expected Credit Loss 
Allowance for trade and other receivables:
Particulars As at 31st March, 2026
Gross carrying 
amount
Loss allowance
0-3 months  3,440.64  51.61
3-6 months  482.73  17.91
6 months to 12 months  151.14  13.65
beyond 12 months  635.50  308.01
Rent Equalisation Reserve
Total  4,710.01  391.18
   Movement in the Loss allowances as per Expected credit loss model in respect of trade and other 
receivables during the year was as follows.
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2026
Opening provision  197.89
Add: Provision created during the year  193.29
Closing provision  391.18
   Movement in the loss allowances in respect of Interest Subsidy, Forex Subsidy and Capital Subsidy 
receivables during the year was as follows.
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2026
Opening provision  56.55 
Add: Provision created during the year
Less: Provision reversed on account of actual bad debts written off
Add/( less) : Movement during the year  31.10 
Closing provision  87.65 
  ii Other financial assets
   The Company maintains exposure in cash and cash equivalents, term deposits with banks, investments, 
and due from developer. The Company has diversified portfolio of investment with various number 
of counter parties which have secure credit ratings hence the risk is reduced. Individual risk limits are 
set for each counter party based on financial position, credit rating and past experience. Credit limits 
and concentration of exposures are actively monitored by the Management of the Company. The 
maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial 
assets;
 b Liquidity risk
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated 
with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset;
  Liquidity risk is managed by Company through effective fund management. The Company’s principal 
sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, borrowings and the cash flow that is generated from 
operations. The Company believes that current cash and cash equivalents, tied up borrowing lines and 
cash flow that is generated from operations is sufficient to meet requirements. Accordingly, liquidity risk 
is perceived to below;
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 220 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
219
  The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date.
  Maturity analysis of significant financial liabilities
Particulars As at 31st March, 2026
 Carrying 
amount 
Contractual cash flows
Upto 1 year More than 1 year
Financial liabilities
Borrowings (including current maturities of long term 
borrowings)
 37,271.06  3,992.22  33,278.84 
Lease Liability  316.82 20.29 296.53
Other Loans  584.99  -    584.99 
Trade and other payables  3,895.61  3,193.32  702.29 
Other financial liabilities  6,347.44  1,215.87  5,131.57 
c Market risk
 Market Risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in market prices. Market risk comprises three types of risk: currency risk, interest rate 
risk and price risk.
  i Currency risk
   Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of an exposure will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in 
foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Company’s operating activities and financing activities.
The Company has put in place a Financial Risk Management Policy to Identify the most effective and 
efficient ways of managing the currency risks.
   Exposure to currency risk
   The currency profile of financial assets and financial liabilities are as below:
Particulars As at 31st March, 2026
USD EURO JPY
Financial liabilities 
Trade and other payables  -   
Trade and other receivable  $0.04  -    -   
Net exposure  $0.04  -   
 Sensitivity analysis
 The following table details the Company’s sensitivity to 2% increase and decrease in the Rupee 
against the relevant foreign currencies is the sensitivity rate used when reporting foreign currency risk 
internally to key management personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably 
possible change in foreign exchange rates. This is mainly attributable to the net exposure outstanding 
on receivables or payables in the Company at the end of the reporting period. The sensitivity analysis 
includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation 
at the period end for a 2% change in foreign currency rate. This analysis assumes that all other variables, 
in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecast sales and purchases. 
In cases where the related foreign exchange fluctuation is capitalised to fixed assets or recognised 
directly in reserves, the impact indicated below may affect the Company’s income statement over the 
remaining life of the related fixed assets or the remaining tenure of the borrowing respectively.
Particulars For the year ended 31st March, 2026
2% increase 2% decrease
USD gain/(Loss) (0.08) 0.08
EURO gain/(Loss) - -
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 221 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
220
  ii Interest rate risk
   Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in market interest rates. The Company’s exposure to the risk of changes in market 
interest rates relates primarily to the Company’s borrowings obligations with floating interest rates.
   The Company’s approach to managing interest rate risk is to have a judicious mix of borrowed funds 
with fixed and floating interest rate obligation.
   Moreover, the short-term borrowings of the Company do not have a significant fair value or cash flow 
interest rate risk due to their short tenure.
   The Company is also exposed to interest rate risk on its financial assets that includes fixed deposits, 
since the same are generally for short duration, the Company believes it has manageable risk and 
achieving satisfactory returns. The Company also has long - term fixed interest bearing assets. 
However the Company has in place an effective system to manage risk and maximise return
   Exposure to interest rate risk
   The Interest rate profile of the Company’s interest bearing financial instruments is as follows
Particulars As at 
31st March, 2026
Fixed-rate instruments
Financial Assets - measured at amortised cost
Loan - Intercorporate deposit  1,375.00
Fixed Deposits  1,545.78
Total of Fixed Rate Financial Assets  2,920.78
Financial liabilities - measured at amortised cost
Term loans  107.08
Other loans  584.99
Total of Fixed Rate Financial Liabilities  692.07
Financial liabilities - measured at amortised cost
Term loans  36,578.99
Other Loans
Total of Variable Rate Financial Liabilities  36,578.99
   Interest rate sensitivity
   A reasonably possible change of 2 % in interest rates at the reporting date would have increased 
(decreased) profit or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables 
remain constant. In cases where the related interest rate risk is capitalised to fixed assets, the impact 
indicated below may affect the Company’s income statement over the remaining life of the related 
fixed assets. The said calculation is done excluding loans which are taken and utilised for development 
of property and charged to due from developers which will never impact the income statement of the 
Company.
Particulars For the year ended 31st March, 2026
2% increase 2% decrease
Variable rate loan instrument  (2.14)  2.14 
52 Capital  Management:
 The Company’s objective is to maximize the shareholders’ value by maintaining an optimum capital structure. 
Management monitors the return on capital as well as the debt equity ratio and makes necessary adjustments 
in the capital structure for the development of the business.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 222 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
221
 For the purpose of computing debt to equity ratio, equity includes Equity share capital and Other equity and 
Debt includes Long term borrowings, short term borrowings and current maturities of long term borrowings.
Particulars As at  
31st March, 2026
Total Debt  37,271.06 
Total Equity  67,436.74 
Debt-Equity ratio  0.55 
53 Additional Information as required by paragraph 2 of the general instructions for preparation of Consoldiated 
Financial Statements to schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013.
Name of Entity in 
the group
Net Assets, i.e Total 
Assets minus Total 
liabilities
Share of Profit or loss Share of Other 
Comprehensive Income
Share of Total 
Comprehensive Income
As % of 
Consolidated 
Net Assets
Amount As % of 
Consolidated 
Profit or Loss
Amount As % of 
Consolidated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
income
Amount As % of 
Consolidated 
Total 
Comprehensive 
income
Amount
Parent
The Ruby Mills 
Limited
100% 67,436.75 100% 4,357.95 100% (4.28) 100% 4,353.67
Subsidiaries
Ruby Greentech T 
Private Limited
0 (0.25) 0% (1.25) 0% - 0% (1.25)
Ruby Greentech K 
Private Limited
0 0.25 0% (0.75) 0% - 0% (0.75)
Adjustment 
Arising Out of 
consolidation
(2)
Total 100% 67,434.74 100% 4,355.94 100% (4.28) 100% 4,351.66
 During the financial year ended 31st March, 2026, the Company incorporated two new subsidiaries Ruby 
Greentech T Private Limited (RGTPL) & Ruby Greentech K Private Limited (RGKPL) with their registered office 
in India. The Ruby Mills Limited holds 100% of the equity share capital of both the entities. The subsidiaries 
were incorporated on 18th March, 2026.
 Purpose-
 (i) RGKPL - To engage in business of establishing, owning, operating and maintaining water treatment plants.
 (ii) RGTPL - To engage in all aspects of business of renewable power generation.
  As both are newly incorporated entities, no goodwill or fair value adjustments were recognized. The 
Consolidated Financial Statements (CFS) of the Company have been prepared in accordance with Indian 
Accounting Standards (Ind AS) notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 (as amended from time to time) and presentation requirements of Division II of Schedule III to the 
Companies Act, 2013, (Ind AS compliant Schedule III), as applicable to the CFS.
54 Segment information
A Basis for segmentation
 Management has identified two reportable business segments, namely:
i Textiles
ii Real estate and related
 Segments have been identified taking into account the nature of activities and its risks and returns.
 The Company’s Managing Director, the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) for the Company, periodically 
reviews the internal management reports and evaluates performance/allocates resources based on the analysis 
of various performance indicators relating to the segments referred to above.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 223 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
222
B Information about reportable segments
 Information related to each reportable segment is set out below. Segment profit (loss) after tax is used to 
measure performance because management believes that this information is the most relevant in evaluating 
the results of the respective segments relative to other entities that operate in the same industry.
Particulars* For the year ended 31st March, 2026
Textiles Real estate 
and related
Total
Revenue
External Customers  29,226.90  6,632.66  35,859.56
Inter-segment
Total Revenue  29,226.90  6,632.66  35,859.56
Segment Results  2,732.98  3,461.57  6,194.55
Add: Un Allocated Income
Other Income  819.69
Less: Un Allocated Expenses
a) Finance Cost  (1,542.39)
d) Income tax (including deferred tax)  (945.50)
c) Other Expenses  170.00
Profit after tax  4,355.94
Other Information
Segment assets  30,856.80  77,041.53  1,07,898.32
Unallocated Corporate Assets  13,736.91
Total Assets  30,856.80  77,041.53  1,21,635.24
Segment liabilities  6,353.74  10,059.43  16,413.17
Unallocated Corporate Liabilities  37,787.33
Total Liabilities  54,200.50
Depreciation and amortization on Property, plant and equipment 
and Investment Property
 1,036.55  1,411.62  2,448.17
Material Non-cash expenses other than depreciation and 
amortisation
Capital expenditure  1,360.11  66,458.06  67,818.17
 *For the purposes of review by the CODM, information referred to above is measured consistent with the 
accounting policies applied for preparation of these financial statements.
C Geographic information
 The Company sells its products mainly within India where the conditions prevailing are uniform. Since the sales 
outside India are below threshold limit, no separate geographical segment disclosure is considered necessary 
(Refer Note 55).
 All non-current assets in the nature of property, plant and equipment (including capital work in progress) and 
intangible assets (including those under development) are domiciled in India.
D Information about major customers.
 No single customer contributed 10% or more to the Company’s revenue for the year ended 31st March, 2026 
and 31st March, 2025 in case of Textile business and one customer has contributed 57 % and 99 % of the 
Company’s revenue for the year ended 31st March, 2026 and 31st March, 2025 respectively in case of Real 
estate business.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 224 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
223
54 Disclosure in terms of Ind AS 115 on the accounting of revenue from Contracts with Customers
i) Particulars Year Ended 31st 
March, 2026
Disaggregated revenue information for Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Types of Goods or Services
Textile items  29,226.90 
Total  29,226.90 
Sales by Geographical region
India  28,948.02 
Outside India  278.88 
Total  29,226.90 
Timing of Revenue recognition
Goods / services transferred at a point in time  29,226.90 
Goods / services transferred at a over a period of time
Total  29,226.90 
Sales Channels
Directly to consumers  29,226.90 
Through intermediaries
Total  29,226.90
Sales by Performance Obligations
Upon Shipment / Dispatch  29,226.90 
Upon Delivery
Total  29,226.90 
ii Reconciliation of the revenue from contracts with the amounts disclosed in the segment 
information
Total revenue from contracts with customer  29,226.90 
Total revenue as per Segment - Textile  29,226.90 
iii Reconciliation between revenue with customers and contract price as per Ind AS 115:
Revenue as per Contracted price  29,655.63 
Less: Adjustments for Price such as Discounts, incentives, performance bonuses 428.73
Revenue from contracts with customers  29,226.90 
iv Contract Balances as at:
Trade Receivables  4,318.84 
Contract Liabilities  71.53 
v Revenue recognised from Contract liability (Advances from Customers) 
 The Contract liability outstanding at the beginning of the year has been recognised as revenue during the year 
ended 31st March, 2026.
vi Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 21 days credit term for Textile division and for 
Garment division its range from 60 to 120 days credit term. In 31st March, 2026 `. 391.18 lakhs was recognised 
as provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables. Credit limits are established for all customers 
based on internal rating criteria. Outstanding customer receivables are regularly monitored.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 225 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
224
55 Disclosure in respect of expenditure on Corporate Social Responsibility activities:
Particulars For the  
year ended  
31st March,2026
a. Opening Balance ( A ) 1.75 
b. Amount required to be spent during the year ( B ) 85.70 
c. Amount spent during the year ( C ) 85.30 
d. (Shortfall) / Excess for the year (A-B+C) 1.35 
e. Total of previous year shortfall
f. Reason for shortfall N/A
g. Nature of Expenses
 Animal Welfare
 Preventive Health Care  55.00 
 Women and Youth Empowerment  15.00 
 Education  5.30 
 Eradicating Hunger  -   
 Community Welfare  10.00 
h. Details of related party transactions  65.00
i. Where a provision is made with respect to a liability incurred by entering into a 
contractual obligation, the amount of provision made and movements in the provision 
during the year, if applicable
 
56. Contingent liabilities and capital commitment
a. Contingent Liabilities:
Particulars For the  
year ended  
31st March,2026
i) In respect of Income tax matters 1529.14
ii) In respect of GST matters 90.65
iii) Other Matters:
 Excise, service tax and customs matters 286.04
 FEMA 14.00
iv) Claim against Company in Labour Matters 130.65
v) Claim against Company under RERA Act
vi) Claim against the Company by ex employees pending in labour court not 
acknowledged as debt
Not 
ascertainanble
vii) Bank Guarantees 569.43
b. Capital Commitments
Particulars For the  
year ended  
31st March,2026
i) Related to Contracts:
 Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account  7,640.62 
 Less: Advances 4,621.14
 Net Estimated Amount  3,019.48 
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)

===== PAGE 226 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
225
57. Disclosure as per Section 186(4) of the Companies Act, 2013:
Particulars Interest Rate For the  
year ended  
31st March,2026
Loan Given to Jambavati Project Realty Two LLP 15%  1,375.00 
Less : Loss Allowance -
Net Receivable  1,375.00 
 The ICD was extended for business purpose. Currently, it is disclosed in the Balance Sheet under non-current 
financial assets , based on the stipulated repayment terms.
58. Other Disclosures :
 a. The Company has neither traded or invested, nor holds Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the 
year;
 b. During the year, there were no instances of surrender or disclosure of income in the tax assessments under 
the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 
1961.
 c. There is no Scheme of Arrangements approved by the Competent Authority in terms of sections 230 to 
237 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 d. The Company is in compliance with the Companies (Restriction on Number of Layers) Rules, 2017, as its 
wholly owned subsidiaries is exempted from the calculation of layers
59. Events after reporting period    
 No adjusting or significant non - adjusting events have occurred between the reporting date 31st March, 2026 
and the report release date 28th May, 2026.
60. As the current finanacial year is the first financial of the  group, no comparative figures are applicable for the 
consolidated fnanancial statement.
NOTES FORMING PART OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31st MARCH, 2026
(All amounts in `lakhs, unless otherwise stated)
As per our attached report of even date For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of The Ruby Mills Limited
CIN : L17120MH1917PLC000447
For C N K & Associates LLP Purav H. Shah Bharat M.Shah
Chartered Accountants Chief Financial Officer, Managing Director
ICAI Firm No: 101961W/W100036 & Whole time Director DIN : 00071248
DIN : 00123460
Rajesh Mody Anuradha Tendulkar
Partner Company Secretary
Membership No. 047501 Membership No. 55173
Place  : Mumbai Place  : Mumbai
Dated : 28th May, 2026 Dated : 28th May, 2026

===== PAGE 227 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
226


===== PAGE 228 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
227


===== PAGE 229 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
228


===== PAGE 230 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
229


===== PAGE 231 =====
THE RUBY MILLS LIMITED
230


===== PAGE 232 =====


===== PAGE 233 =====
