=== A1 EXTRACTION HEADER ===
source_filename: chairman_trualt_q1fy27.pdf
doctype: results
page_count_pdfinfo: 2
formfeed_count: 2
line_count: 83
unit_convention: N/A (no financial figures in this document)
conversion_factor_to_cr: N/A
ocr_pages: none
page_coverage: 100%
detected_quarter: Q1 FY27
extraction_date: 2026-07-29
=== END HEADER ===

[page 1]
July 28, 2026

BSE Limited,                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Department of Corporate Services,                The Listing Department,
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                       Exchange Plaza,
Dalal Street, Fort,                              Bandra Kurla Complex,
Mumbai-400001                                    Mumbai-400051
Scrip Code: 544545                               Symbol: TRUALT

Sub: Intimation for appointment of Chairman of the Board of TruAlt Bioenergy Limited ("the
Company") under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended ("SEBI Listing Regulations").

Dear Sir/Madam,

Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI Listing Regulations it is informed that the
Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on Tuesday, July 28, 2026 has approved the
appointment of Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi having DIN: 02474471, already being an Independent
Director, as the Chairman of the Board for a period of one year effective from July 28, 2026. Details as
required under the SEBI Listing Regulations are enclosed as Annexure - A.

The meeting commenced at 2:30 p.m. (IST) and concluded at 6:15 p.m. (IST)

Further the aforementioned information will also be made available on the Company's website at
www.trualtbioenergy.com

We request you to kindly take the above on record.

Thanking you,

Yours faithfully,
For TruAlt Bioenergy Limited

MONU KUMAR Digitally signed by MONU KUMAR
           Date: 2026.07.28 19:13:13 +05'30'

Monu Kumar
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.: A38853

Encl.: As above
[page 2]
                                                                                                   Annexure A



  Disclosure of events and information pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and
                               Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

      Details of event that need to be provided                        Information of events
                                                          Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi as Chairman of
                                                                             the Board
  Reasons for change viz., appointment, resignation,                        Appointment
             removal, death or otherwise
   Date of appointment /cessation (as applicable) &                      1 Year (as Chairman)
                 term of appointment
        Brief profile (in case of appointment)           Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi, currently serving
                                                         on the Board of TruAlt Bioenergy Limited as an
                                                         Independent Director. He brings a wealth of expertise
                                                         from a distinguished career in public administration.
                                                         With a B.Sc. in Physics and Mathematics and an
                                                         M.Sc. in Radio Physics and Electronics from
                                                         Karnataka University, his career includes key roles in
                                                         the Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) and later
                                                         the Indian Administrative Service (IAS). Mr.
                                                         Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi has held prominent
                                                         positions such as CEO of Tumkur Zilla Panchayat,
                                                         Commissioner of the Karnataka Housing Board and
                                                         Secretary to the Government, Labour Department. His
                                                         significant contributions include obtaining deemed
                                                         university status for NIMHANS and extensive
                                                         developmental work. Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa
                                                         Dyaberi's strategic and governance acumen, enhanced
                                                         by training from institutions like IIM Ahmedabad and
                                                         Harvard University, makes him a valuable asset to
                                                         TruAlt Bioenergy Limited.
       Relationships between directors (in case of                                None
                appointment of a director)
    Names of listed entities in which the Appointing                   1 (TruAlt Bioenergy Limited)
 director holds directorship (in case of appointment of
                        a director)
Note: Mr. Mallikarjun Bhimappa Dyaberi shall continue to act as an Independent Director of the Company as
per his original terms of appointment even after the expiry of his term as Chairman of the Board. The aforesaid
appointment shall not constitute a second consecutive term.
