[page 1]
  
 
August 27, 2026 
 
 
 
Subject: Intimation under Regulations 30 and 34 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
This is in continuation to our letter dated August 26, 2026 wherein the Company had informed that the 10 th 
Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of the Company is scheduled to be held on Tuesday, September 22, 2026 
at 04:00 p.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/ Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”) in accordance 
with the relevant circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“MCA”) and Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (“SEBI”). 
 
In accordance with the aforesaid circulars, we hereby enclose the Notice of the 10 th AGM along with the 
Annual Report of the Company for the financial year 2025-26 (“Annual Report”) which is being sent through 
electronic mode to all those members whose email addresses are registered with the Company/Registrar & 
Share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) or Depository Participant(s). Further, in accordance with Regulation 36(1)(b) 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, a letter providing the web-link for accessing the Annual Report is being sent 
to all those Members who have not registered their email IDs with the Company/ RTA/ Depository 
Participants. 
 
The Company has fixed Tuesday, September 15, 2026 as the ‘Cut -off date’ for the purpose of determining 
the Members eligible to vote on the resolutions set out in the Notice of the 10th AGM and to attend the AGM. 
 
In this regard, kindly take note of the details in relation to the 10th AGM of the Company: 
 
Particulars Details 
Cut-off date for determining Members entitled to 
vote through remote e-voting or during the AGM 
Tuesday, September 15, 2026 
Commencement of remote e-Voting From 9.00 a.m. (IST) on  Friday, September 18, 
2026 
End of remote e-Voting Up to  5.00 p.m. (IST) on  Monday, September 21, 
2026 
 
The Annual Report and the Notice of the 10 th AGM are also uploaded on the website of the Company at 
www.kissht.com.  
 
Further, pursuant to the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018 (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”), and as stated in the Prospectus 
of the Company dated May 05, 2026 (“Offer Document”), the Company has disclosed in its Annual Report 
the Key Performance Indicators (“ KPIs”) that were disclosed in the Offer Document. The aforesaid KPIs 
have been reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee at its meeting held on August 26, 2026, and the 
Company has obtained a certificate from S C Mehra & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountant s, in respect 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code - 544754 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - KISSHT  
[page 2]
  
 
of the ongoing KPIs for the financial year ended March 31, 2026, pursuant to Schedule VI, Part A, paragraph 
9(K)(3)(i) read with paragraph 9(K)(3)(c) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Shraddha Rajkumar Patangia 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A55210 
[page 3]
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
Annual Report 2025-26
Data-Driven. Risk-Aware.
Future- Ready.

[page 4]
Contents Data Driven. Risk Aware. 
Future- Ready. 
Corporate 
Overview  
Introduction 	
2	 FY26 key highlights  
4	 Successful public listing	
6	 About OnEMI Technology 	 	
	 Solutions	  Limited 	
8	 Product offerings  	
10	 Key milestones 	
12	 Key performance 		 	 	
	 indicators  	
14	 CEO’s message 	
Key pillars 	
18	 Customer-centricity 	
22	 	Risk management 
architecture  	
26	 Technology at the core 	
30	 Balanced liability base 		
32	 Awards & recognitions
ESG focus 	
34	 	Sustainability at Kissht
42	 Governance 	
44	 Board of Directors 	
46	 Management Team
47	 Corporate Information
At OnEMI Technology Solutions 
Limited (“OnEMI” or our “Company”) 
these principles define the way 
we operate. We have built a 
technology-first lending platform, 
operating under the “Kissht” brand, 
where data serves as the foundation 
for every customer interaction and 
business decision. From customer 
acquisition and onboarding to credit 
underwriting, fraud detection, loan 
servicing, and collections, artificial 
intelligence, machine learning, 
and analytics are seamlessly 
embedded across the lending 
lifecycle. This enables us to deliver 
faster decisions, personalised 
experiences, stronger risk controls, 
and greater operational efficiency.
Equally important is our disciplined 
approach to risk management. Our 
proprietary underwriting models 
leverage multiple data sources 
beyond conventional credit bureau 
information, enabling more accurate 
risk assessment and responsible 
lending. Real-time fraud detection, 
automated early warning systems, 
and technology-enabled collections 
further strengthen portfolio quality 
while ensuring sustainable growth. 
As we continue to grow, our 
investments remain focused on 
strengthening our digital capabilities, 
expanding our product ecosystem, 
enhancing customer experiences, 
and building scalable infrastructure 
that can support the next phase 
of growth. At the same time, we 
remain committed to maintaining 
strong governance, regulatory 
compliance, and a culture of 
continuous innovation.
Data Driven. Risk Aware. Future-
Ready. is more than this year's 
theme, it reflects the philosophy that 
guides our organisation. It embodies 
our commitment to leveraging 
technology and intelligence to create 
a resilient, future-ready financial 
services platform that delivers 
sustainable value for customers, 
partners, employees, investors, and 
all our stakeholders.
Statutory 
Reports  
50	 Management Discussion	
	 and Analysis 
70	 Boards’ Report 
83	 Report on Corporate 	
	 Governance 
Financial 
Statements 
114	 Standalone
182	 Consolidated
258  Notice of Annual  
General Meeting
02
03
0101
02
03
The financial services industry is undergoing a profound transformation, driven 
by rapid technological advancements, evolving customer expectations, and an 
increasingly dynamic risk landscape. Success in this environment depends on 
the ability to harness data intelligently, make informed decisions at scale, and 
adapt with agility while maintaining the highest standards of governance and 
risk management.
[page 5]
FY26 key highlights 
1 Pertains to on-book portfolio  |  2 Pertains to subsidiary NBFC  |  Y-O-Y basis
ASSET QUALITY 
Reflecting disciplined underwriting, 
prudent risk management and 
strong collections.
EXPANDING SCALE 
Demonstrating sustained growth and 
deepening customer reach.
PROFITABLE GROWTH
Driving profitable and efficient growth 
while creating stakeholder value.
FINANCIAL STRENGTH 
Maintaining a strong capital base and 
balance sheet resilience.
WIDENING FOOTPRINT 
Building a diversified ecosystem 
that combines a broad customer 
base, extensive lending network and 
pan-India presence.
A-/Stable 
CREDIT RATING  
(LONG TERM) 2 
68.55 Mn 
REGISTERED USERS
Pan-India
PRESENCE FOR  
PL BUSINESS
98
LAP BRANCHES
97.01%
COLLECTION 
EFFICIENCY (DPD 30)
+19 bps 
86.15%
PCR1
-533 bps
0.29%
NNPA1
+4 bps
2.12%
GNPA (STAGE 3)1
-77 bps
11.76 Mn
CUSTOMERS SERVED 
(CUMULATIVE)
+28%  
3.25 Mn
ACTIVE CUSTOMERS 
+71%
K7,066 Cr
AUM 
+73%
K2,209 Cr
TOTAL INCOME 
+63%  
23.97%
RoAE
+622 bps 
5.05%
RoAAUM
+25 bps 
K281 Cr
PAT
+75%
K836 Cr
PPOP
+54%
25.28%
CAPITAL ADEQUACY 
RATIO2
+10 bps
1.78X
DEBT TO EQUITY 
+0.29
K1,343 Cr
NET WORTH 
+33%
45+
LENDING PARTNERS 
32 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 6]
The successful listing of our equity 
shares on BSE Limited (“BSE”) and 
the National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (“NSE”) on May 08, 
2026, marked a defining milestone 
following the close of FY26. The 
IPO received strong participation 
from institutional investors, 
reflecting confidence in our 
technology-led business model, 
scalable operating platform, 
disciplined risk management and 
long-term growth strategy. The 
successful listing has strengthened 
our capital base, enhanced market 
visibility and positioned us to 
accelerate future growth while 
creating sustainable value for 
all stakeholders.
IPO highlights
Successful 
public listing
K8,500 Mn
FRESH ISSUE
4.4 Mn shares
OFFER FOR SALE
K162 - K171
PRICE BAND
25.9x
QIB SUBSCRIPTION
9.9x
SUBSCRIPTION
K191
LISTING PRICE 
11.7% 
LISTING PREMIUM
54 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 7]
Delivering credit with 
speed, simplicity  
and trust 
About OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
GROUP STRUCTURE
OnEMI Technology Solutions 
Limited operates through its 
wholly owned subsidiary, Si 
Creva Capital Services Private 
Limited, an RBI-registered and 
regulated Middle Layer NBFC. 
While OnEMI drives customer 
acquisition, technology, 
product development and 
platform operations, Si Creva 
independently undertakes the 
core lending functions for the 
Group, including customer 
onboarding, KYC verification, 
credit appraisal, loan 
sanctioning, disbursement and 
loan servicing. This structure 
combines a technology-led 
customer experience with a 
regulated lending framework.
MISSION
To make credit accessible through a customer-first approach that builds trust, solves 
real problems, and supports every step of the financial journey.
VISION
To create a world where access to credit is effortless, secure, and human-centered 
driven by technology, powered by empathy.
KEY STRENGTHS 
We combine data, technology, 
and customer-centric processes 
to deliver a seamless borrowing 
experience while promoting 
responsible lending.
Our portfolio spans personal 
loans to secured products such 
as Loan Against Property (LAP), 
led by analytics, alternative credit 
assessment models, and a robust 
digital infrastructure. In addition to 
our lending products, we facilitate 
the distribution of health insurance 
Large customer base and 
diversified acquisition engine
Our multi-channel acquisition model 
across online and offline platforms 
enables us to build a large, engaged, and 
loyal customer base, supported by strong 
repeat business.
Diversified and 
scalable funding 
ecosystem
A broad network of banks, 
NBFCs, fund houses, and 
other strategic partners 
provide stable access 
to capital, enhancing 
scalability and funding 
resilience.
Technology-led and 
AI-enabled platform
Our cloud-native, 
AI-enabled platform 
automates the lending 
lifecycle, driving 
efficiency, scalability, 
and seamless customer 
experiences.
Experienced 
leadership and strong 
institutional backing
A seasoned leadership 
team, backed by reputed 
institutional investors, 
provides the expertise, 
governance, and 
strategic direction to drive 
sustainable growth. 
Strong risk management and 
asset quality focus
Proprietary underwriting models, 
analytics, and technology-driven 
collections system strengthen portfolio 
quality and support disciplined growth.
Incorporated in 2016, 
OnEMI Technology 
Solutions Limited 
(formerly known as OnEMI 
Technology Solutions 
Private Limited), operating 
under the "Kissht" brand, 
is a technology-driven 
digital lending platform, 
providing accessible 
and personalised credit 
solutions across India. 
Our digital lending ecosystem
Data+
Technology
Fast credit 
assessment
Personalised  
solutions
Responsible 
lending
and continue to broaden our 
financial services platform, enabling 
customers to access multiple 
financial solutions through a single 
digital ecosystem. 
Backed by strong governance 
practices and responsible lending 
principles, we combine innovation 
with responsible lending to expand 
financial inclusion and empower 
millions with accessible, reliable, and 
convenient credit solutions.
7Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
6
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 8]
10
18
05
17
22
26
Driving growth through an 
expanding portfolio
Product offerings 
Our products are designed to address customers’ evolving financing needs across 
different stages of their financial journey and varying credit requirements. 
By offering both unsecured and secured lending solutions, we broaden credit 
access while building a balanced and resilient lending portfolio.
PERSONAL LOANS (PL) 
We operate a digital-first unsecured lending platform designed to deliver swift, 
convenient, and hassle-free access to credit. By leveraging technology, data 
analytics, and automated decision-making, we simplify the borrowing journey while 
fostering strong customer engagement and repeat business.
Focus Segments Salaried and Self-Employed individuals
Operating Model Zero Paperwork  |  Instant Decisioning  |  Minimal Documentation
Product Construct Ticket Size: Up to ₹5 Lakhs   |  Tenure: Up to 5 Years
K6,548 Cr 
AUM
92.7%
OF TOTAL AUM
100%
DIGITAL 
LOAN AGAINST PROPERTY (LAP) 
Our secured lending product complements our unsecured lending business by 
offering collateral-backed credit solutions with longer repayment tenures. This 
enhances portfolio diversification, supports risk-adjusted growth, and creates a 
more balanced lending franchise.
Focus Segments Residential & Commercial Property Owners | MSMEs |  
Self-Employed Borrowers
Operating Model Digital Lead Generation | Model-based Underwriting |  
Branch-led Fulfilment
Product Construct Ticket Size: Up to ₹30 Lakhs  |  Tenure: Up to 15 Years
K518 Cr 
AUM
7.3%
OF TOTAL AUM
48%
LTV
 Maharashtra
 Uttar Pradesh & Uttarakhand 
 Tamil Nadu & Puducherry
 Telangana
 Gujarat
 Andhra Pradesh
98 LAP branches
across 8 states & UTs
The mini dots represent Kissht 
customers geo-tagging (lat-long) 
at the time of taking loans
98 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 9]
Key milestones 
Creating a scalable 
lending franchise
Over the years, we have transformed from a digital lending startup into a diversified 
financial services platform. Through strategic investments in technology, risk 
management, and product innovation, we have continuously strengthened our 
business model and built a scalable foundation for long-term growth.
BUILDING A DIGITAL FOUNDATION
FY17 FY19
FY22 FY23
FY24 FY25 FY26
Listed on 
NSE & BSE on 
May 08, 2026
~K10 Cr 
AUM
~K300 Cr 
AUM
~K400 Cr 
AUM
~K1,268 Cr 
AUM
~K2,604 Cr 
AUM
~K4,087 Cr 
AUM
~K7,066 Cr 
AUM
SCALING & ENHANCING RISK CAPABILITIES
ENABLING THE NEXT PHASE OF GROWTH
AUM crossed ₹7,000 Cr	
mark 
Deployed AI-led 
underwriting and risk 
assessment models across 
lending workflows
Enhanced automation 
across credit 
decisioning and 
collections infrastructure
Launched Loan Against 
Property (LAP) product 
to diversify secured 
lending exposure
Onboarded Sachin 
Tendulkar as investor and 
brand ambassador
Si Creva classified as 
a ‘Middle Layer’ NBFC 
under RBI’s Scale 
Based Regulations	
framework
Strengthened 
operating scale and 
risk infrastructure
Entered merchant-
led financing to 
deepen customer 
acquisition channels
Expanded longer-tenure 
loan offerings to improve 
customer lifetime value
Scaled off-book lending 
partnerships and 
onboarded additional 
lending partners
Expanded distribution 
through 300+ 
retail partnerships 
and e-commerce 
platform integrations
Strengthened omni-
channel sourcing 
capabilities across online 
and offline ecosystems
Incorporated the Company 
on June 18, 2016 and 
established the foundation 
for a technology-led 
lending platform
Registered Si Creva as an 
NBFC with the RBI
Launched the Kissht 
mobile application for 
direct-to-consumer 
digital lending
*Covid period
560%
CAGR
7%
CAGR* 
245%
CAGR 
105%
CAGR 
57%
CAGR 
73%
CAGR 
1110 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26 11Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements10 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 10]
NOTE
13 Total Income represents the sum of revenue from operations and 
other income for the relevant period. 
14 Net Total Income represents Total Income less finance costs for the 
relevant period. 
15 Profit before tax represents Total income reduced by total expenses. 
16 Profit after tax represents profit before tax reduced by total taxes. 
17 Return on Assets is calculated basis profit after tax as percentage of 
average total assets of our Company for the relevant period. Average 
total assets for a given year is calculated as average of total assets as on 
the last day of the previous fiscal year and total assets as on the last day 
of the relevant fiscal year. 
18 Return on Equity is calculated basis profit after tax as a percentage of 
average Net Worth of our Company for the relevant period. Average net 
worth for a given year is calculated as average of net worth as on the 
last day of the previous fiscal year and net worth as on the last day of 
the relevant fiscal year.
19 EPS (Diluted) is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity 
holders by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 
as on the last day of the relevant period plus the weighted average 
number of equity shares that would be issued on conversion of all the 
dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares. 
Key performance indicators 
Strong fundamentals. 
Measurable outcomes. 
The year marked a defining milestone in Kissht's journey, as we became 
a publicly listed company. Backed by disciplined underwriting, robust risk 
management, and prudent portfolio growth, we delivered resilient performance 
despite a challenging operating environment. The following key performance 
indicators reflect the strength of our business model and our readiness for 
sustainable growth.
Operational metrics FY26 FY25 FY24
AUM (₹ in crore) (1) 7,066 4,087 2,604
-	 	On-book AUM (₹ in crore) (2) 3,556 2,475 1,475
-	 	On-book AUM (%) (3) 50% 61% 57%
-	 	Off-book AUM (₹ in crore) (4) 3,510 1,612 1,129
-	 	Off-book AUM (%) (5) 50% 39% 43%
AUM Growth (%) (6) 73% 57% 105%
Repeat Customer AUM (%) (7) 49% 73% 85%
Disbursement (₹ in crore) (8) 12,810 9,858 18,531
Average Ticket Size (₹) (9) 27,616 31,808 14,721
Registered User Base (# in million) (10) 68.55 53.23 43.13
Customer Base (# in million) (11) 11.76 9.16 8.16
Average Age of Customers (#) (12) 32 32 31
Financial metrics FY26 FY25 FY24
Total Income (₹ in crore) (13) 2,209 1,353 1,700
Net Total Income (₹ in crore) (14) 1,927 1,188 1,632
Profit before Tax (₹ in crore) (15) 377 216 267
Profit after Tax (₹ in crore) (16) 281 161 197
Return on Assets (%) (17) 8.41% 7.14% 12.85%
Return on Equity (%) (18) 23.97% 17.74% 28.78%
EPS (Diluted) (₹) (19) 21.39 12.79 15.54
Cost to Income Ratio (%) (20) 56.64% 54.30% 45.54%
Net Worth (₹ in crore) (21) 1,343 1,006 805
Capital to Risk Weighted Asset Ratio (%) (22) 25.28% 25.18% 25.77%
Debt to Equity Ratio (times) (23) 1.78 1.50 0.97
GNPA (%) (24) 2.12% 2.89% 0.79%
NNPA (%) (25) 0.29% 0.25% 0.00%
Provisioning Coverage Ratio (%) (26) 86.15% 91.48% 100.00%
NOTE
1 AUM represents the aggregate of principal outstanding held in 
On-book and held in Off-book lending partner books as on the last day 
of the relevant period (includes On-book and Off-book AUM). 
2 On-book AUM represents the aggregate of principal outstanding held 
in On-book as on the last day of the relevant period. 
3 On-book AUM % represents the aggregate of principal outstanding 
held in On-book as on the last day of the relevant period. Over total 
On-book and Off-book AUM as on the last day of the relevant period. 
4 Off-book AUM represents the aggregate of principal outstanding held 
in Off-book as on the last day of the relevant period. 
5 Off-book AUM % represents the aggregate of principal outstanding 
held in Off-book lending partner books as on the last day of the relevant 
period over total On-book and Off-book AUM as on the last day of the 
relevant period. 
6 AUM Growth represents percentage growth in AUM (comprising of 
On-book AUM and Off-book AUM) for the relevant period over AUM of 
the previous period. 
7 Repeat customers AUM represents AUM outstanding for repeat 
customers as on the last day of the relevant period as a percentage 
of total AUM (On-book and Off-book AUM) as on the last day of the 
relevant period. 
8 Disbursement represents total amount of loans disbursed (On-book 
loans and Off-book loans) for the relevant period. 
9 Average Ticket Size is computed by dividing the amount disbursed 
(both to new and existing customers) by the number of loans disbursed 
for the relevant period. 
10 Registered user base refers to cumulative number of unique users 
who have signed up with our Company using their mobile number as on 
the last day of relevant period. 
11 Customer base refers to the cumulative number of unique customers 
who have availed at least one loan from our Company as on the last day 
of relevant period. 
12 Average Age of Customers at the time of taking the loan (On-book 
and Off-book) for the relevant period. 
20 Cost to Income Ratio represents operating expenses upon Net Total 
Income for the relevant period. 
21 Net Worth represents the total equity of a company, comprising equity 
share capital, instruments entirely in the nature of equity, and other 
equity, as on the last day of the relevant period, in accordance with 
Regulation 2(1)(hh) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 
22 Capital to risk weighted assets ratio is computed by dividing the Tier 
- I and Tier - II capital by risk weighted assets (computed in accordance 
with the relevant RBI guidelines) as on the last day of the relevant period 
of Subsidiary NBFC. 
23 Debt to Equity ratio calculated as total borrowings divided by Net 
Worth of our Company as on the last day of the relevant period. 
24 GNPA represents ratio of Gross Stage 3 On-book loans to gross 
carrying amount of total gross On-book loans as at the last day of the 
relevant period. 
25 NNPA represents ratio of Net NPA to total gross On-book loans as 
at the last day of the relevant period. NNPA is gross stage 3 On-book 
loans reduced by impairment allowances provided on stage 3 On-book 
loans as at the last day of relevant period. 
26 Provisioning Coverage Ratio is calculated as impairment loss 
allowance on stage 3 loans as a percentage of gross carrying value of 
stage 3 loans as on the last day of the relevant period.
1312 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 11]
CEO’s message
Building a resilient, 
technology-led 
lending institution
Dear Shareholders, 
The year marked a defining milestone in Kissht’s journey, 
as we entered the public markets and began our journey 
as a listed company. This achievement reflects the trust 
of our customers, partners, investors, and employees, 
and reinforces our commitment to building a technology-
led lending institution founded on strong governance, 
disciplined execution, and responsible growth. 
Expanding access through technology
At Kissht, our purpose is to make credit simple, 
accessible and dignified. Our technology-first lending 
platform, supported by AI-driven underwriting, enables 
swift and personalised access to credit while maintaining 
strong risk standards. Built on data and insights from 
a growing customer base, our proprietary technology 
brings together speed, convenience and informed credit 
decision-making.
As of March 2026, we had served over 11.76 million 
unique customers across India. With a growing loan 
portfolio, robust underwriting capabilities and a focus 
on credit quality, we are building a strong foundation for 
resilient, responsible and sustainable growth.
Growth with prudence 
The macroeconomic environment throughout 
FY26 remained challenging. Elevated interest rates, 
geopolitical uncertainty, inflationary pressures, and 
changing credit behaviour required lenders to balance 
growth with prudence. In such an environment, we 
believe sustainable success is driven not by the pace 
of expansion alone, but by the quality of underwriting, 
agility in risk management, and the ability to adapt 
quickly to evolving market conditions. At Kissht, 
prudence is not a defensive strategy, it is a long-term 
competitive advantage.
Against this backdrop, we delivered another year of 
strong and balanced growth. Assets Under Management 
grew 73% year-on-year to ₹7 ,066 Crore, while total 
income increased 63% to ₹2,209 Crore. Profit After Tax 
grew 75% to ₹281 Crore, delivering a Return on Average 
AUM of 5% and Return on Average Equity of 24%. 
These results demonstrate the strength of our business 
model and the operating leverage created through 
disciplined execution.  More importantly, this growth was 
accompanied by a significant improvement in portfolio 
quality. GNPA reduced to 2.12%, collection efficiency 
remained above 97%, and NNPA was contained at 
just 0.29%. 
Risk management as a competitive advantage
Risk management remains deeply embedded across 
every stage of our lending lifecycle. Our underwriting 
platform now evaluates more than 7 ,000 data variables 
spanning bureau information, banking behaviour, 
transaction history, device intelligence, and alternative 
data sources. The continuous evolution of our AI and 
machine learning models has significantly enhanced 
our ability to distinguish high-quality borrowers, detect 
emerging risks at an early stage and make more informed 
lending decisions. During the year, we proactively 
moderated disbursements in select geographies where 
our early warning systems identified elevated risks, 
reflecting our philosophy of acting ahead of market 
trends rather than reacting to them. 
Supported by over 7 ,000 field agents, more than 1,000 
tele-callers, and proprietary automated collection 
systems, over 95% of our collections are managed 
in-house. AI-led collection capabilities further 
strengthen our ability to identify borrower stress early 
and improve recovery outcomes, ensuring that portfolio 
quality remains resilient across economic cycles. 
Technology as our differentiator 
We are a technology company that operates in lending, 
with AI deeply integrated across underwriting, fraud 
detection, collections, customer servicing and portfolio 
monitoring. Our multi-agent fraud detection systems, 
transformer-based AI models, and generative AI 
capabilities have materially improved operational 
efficiency while strengthening risk controls. Across 
the organisation, AI-driven automation has enhanced 
productivity, accelerated customer response times, and 
improved decision quality at scale. 
Strengthening our lending portfolio
Alongside our core personal lending business, we 
continue to scale our Loan Against Property (LAP) 
franchise. Established to deepen customer relationships 
and our lending portfolio, the business has grown to an 
AUM of ₹518 Crore across 98 branches, with more than 
40% of customers originating from our existing borrower 
base. Supported by technology-enabled underwriting 
and AI- led document processing, the secured business 
complements our long-term strategy of building a 
scalable and resilient lending platform. 
We maintain a well-diversified liability franchise through 
a balanced mix of on-book and off-book funding 
supported by more than 45 lending partners. During 
the year, our capital position strengthened further with 
comfortable capital adequacy, growing net worth, and 
successful completion of our Initial Public Offering. 
The IPO proceeds provide us with significant capacity 
to support future growth while continuing to invest in 
technology, AI infrastructure, and innovation. 
Looking ahead with confidence 
India’s structural credit opportunity remains significant, 
driven by increasing formalisation, digital adoption, and 
substantial credit under-penetration. While we remain 
optimistic about the long-term outlook, our priority 
will continue to be calibrated growth, disciplined risk 
selection, and superior asset quality.
Going forward, we expect to grow our AUM by more than 
40%, supported by disciplined asset quality, calibrated 
risk selection and continued momentum in scaling our 
secured lending business.
As a listed company, we remain committed to building 
a resilient institution that creates enduring value 
through strong governance, technology-led innovation, 
disciplined execution, and responsible capital allocation. 
Our focus is not just on the next quarter, but on building 
a trusted franchise that compounds value over the 
long-term.
Thank you for your continued confidence and support as 
we shape the future of responsible digital lending.
Regards,
Ranvir	Singh
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and 
Executive Director
As of March 2026, we had 
served over 11.76 million 
unique customers across 
India. With a growing loan 
portfolio, robust underwriting 
capabilities and a focus 
on credit quality, we are 
building a strong foundation 
for resilient, responsible and 
sustainable growth.
K7,066 Cr
AUM
73% y-o-y growth
1514 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 12]
OUR RESILIENT 
BUSINESS MODEL IS 
ANCHORED IN FOUR 
KEY PILLARS THAT 
DRIVE DISCIPLINED 
GROWTH, 
OPERATIONAL 
EXCELLENCE, AND 
SUSTAINABLE 
VALUE CREATION.
CUSTOMER-
CENTRICITY
RISK MANAGEMENT 
ARCHITECTURE
TECHNOLOGY 
AT THE CORE
BALANCED 
LIABILITY BASE 
17Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements16 OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 13]
Customer-centricity 
Building trust, 
Every day
Customer trust and satisfaction are central to our business. We are committed 
to building long-term relationships through seamless service, transparent 
communication, and timely resolution of customer concerns, ensuring a reliable 
and positive customer experience at every touchpoint.
Customer segment 	 (%) Geographical presence	 (%)
 Self-Employed
 Salaried 5248
GROWING AND DIVERSIFIED CUSTOMER BASE
Our expanding customer base reflects the strength of our digital distribution platform, customer-centric 
approach, and ability to serve diverse borrower segments across India.
63
19
18
52%
SELF-EMPLOYED CUSTOMERS              
81%
RESIDING IN TOP 100 CITIES *
*Top 100 cities refer to the 100 cities with the highest loan counts among those served in FY26
 Top 50 Cities
 Next 50 Cities
 Others
Age group	 (%) Bureau score	 (%)
18 4
32 years 
AVERAGE AGE OF CUSTOMER
746
MEDIAN BUREAU SCORE
55
27
 <25 years
 25–35 years
 >35 years
22
74
 <700
 700 to 760
 >760
94% POSITIVE SHARE OF VOICE
Our Company maintained 94% positive sentiment 
across brand conversations, based on PR and 
media coverage, social media, ratings and reviews, 
digital platforms and other online conversations, 
reflecting strong brand perception and positive 
stakeholder engagement.
App Rating (As of 31 March 2026)
  4.3   4.7
1918 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 14]
DIGITAL MARKETING
Targeted campaigns across search engines, 
social media, and affiliate networks.
E-COMMERCE PARTNERSHIPS
Customer sourcing through leading 
e-commerce platforms and digital aggregators.
MERCHANT PARTNERSHIPS
Credit QR deployments across small 
merchants and shop owners.
ORGANIC ACQUISITION
Strong brand recall, customer referrals, and 
word-of-mouth driving sustainable growth.
BUILDING REACH, RELEVANCE AND TRUST
Omni-channel customer acquisition
Our customer acquisition strategy leverages a diversified omni-channel distribution model that combines digital 
capabilities with strategic partnerships to expand reach, enhance customer access, and drive sustainable growth.
CUSTOMER VOICES
Our customers value the speed, simplicity, and accessibility of our lending platform, particularly during 
critical financial needs. Their experiences reinforce our commitment to delivering a seamless, transparent, 
and convenient borrowing journey.
CUSTOMER SERVICE EXCELLENCE
Our customer grievance redressal mechanism is 
designed to efficiently address customer queries, 
service requests, and complaints through a structured 
and transparent process. We are committed to 
resolving concerns promptly while ensuring a seamless 
customer experience.
To continuously enhance service quality, we 
maintain a robust audit and monitoring framework. 
Customer interactions are regularly reviewed 
for process adherence and service quality, with 
performance evaluated against defined standards 
to strengthen accountability, consistency, and 
continuous improvement.
Strengthening brand trust
Our partnership with Sachin Tendulkar as Brand Ambassador reinforces our commitment to building a trusted 
and relatable brand. Integrated with our brandformance strategy, the campaign combines brand visibility 
with measurable business outcomes, enhancing brand recall, driving app downloads, deepening customer 
engagement, and supporting customer acquisition.
Acquisition	
channels
93
NET PROMOTER SCORE AS 	
ON MARCH 31, 2026
2,551
TOTAL GRIEVANCE RESOLVED 	
IN FY26* 
Customer-centricity
I needed money urgently and was worried about long processes, 
but Kissht made it so simple. I applied, and within no time, I got the 
money I needed.
ANJALI M
I always thought getting a loan would be difficult because I don’t 
understand big bank rules, but Kissht made everything so simple. 
I applied easily and got my loan instantly. The convenience in 
applying just makes the experience better.
AMIT K
Before my salary came, I had a sudden expense and didn’t know 
what to do. Kissht helped me get the money quickly without any long 
forms or complications.
HITESH
Everywhere else, I had to submit too many papers and visit offices, 
but with Kissht, I got my loan without running around. It was quick, 
simple, and stress-free.
NIKHIL
When my daughter’s wedding was near, I needed extra money to 
manage the expenses. Kissht made sure I got my loan on time, and I 
didn’t have to delay anything.
ANKITA
*Stating as it pertains to subsidiary NBFC
21Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-2620
[page 15]
Risk management architecture 
Managing risk with data, 
AI and automation
Risk management is foundational to our business model. It is embedded across 
every stage of our lending lifecycle from making credit decisions to collections, 
through a robust framework that combines advanced data analytics, artificial 
intelligence and machine learning-led statistical models. Our proprietary 
models strengthen credit decisioning, mitigate fraud, proactively identify 
emerging risks, and optimise collections, enabling sustainable portfolio growth 
while maintaining asset quality.
ENTERPRISE-WIDE RISK ARCHITECTURE
Our integrated risk management framework is built on four interconnected pillars:
Our proprietary AI/ML -led underwriting framework combines 
traditional credit assessment with alternative data analytics 
to deliver robust, consistent, and scalable credit decisions. 
Leveraging over 400 key variables across bureau records, 
banking relationships, transaction behaviour, digi-data, and 
account aggregator inputs, the framework evaluates borrower 
creditworthiness through a secure, consent-based process. 
Trained on more than 10 million positive credit decisions 
and continuously refined across multiple credit cycles, our 
underwriting models support differentiated risk strategies across 
customer segments while maintaining prudent portfolio quality.
Bureau Data
Evaluates credit exposure, repayment history, 
delinquency trends, leverage, and bureau consistency.
Digital Data
Assesses device intelligence, digital behaviour, activity 
velocity, and fraud-risk indicators.
Banking & Third-party Data
Analyses cash flows, income patterns, transaction 
behaviour, and alternate verification signals to 
strengthen credit assessment.
AI-led underwriting leverages AI/ML 
models to deliver intelligent, data-driven 
credit decisioning. 
Fraud prevention combines digital 
intelligence and automated triggers to 
identify and prevent fraudulent activities in 
real time.
Automated system-based early warning 
triggers to identify high-risk customers  
enables proactive portfolio monitoring 
through dynamic exposure management 
and risk-based triggers.
Automated Collections System (ACS)  
integrates digital, tele-calling and field 
capabilities to optimise recovery efficiency 
and customer interactions.
AI/ML-led underwriting framework
400+
UNDERWRITING 
VARIABLES 
40
AI/ML MODELS 
DEPLOYED     
2.5x 
BETTER RISK 
SEPARATION THAN 
TRADITIONAL BUREAU 
SCORES
74%
LATEST MODEL AUC
Our fraud detection framework integrates over 200 fraud triggers across identity verification, device 
intelligence, transaction monitoring, documentation checks, geolocation, and payment behaviour to 
strengthen portfolio quality.
Fraud detection
200+
REAL - TIME TRIGGERS TO DETECT & 
PREVENT FRAUD
20 Mn+
VERIFIED KYCED CUSTOMERS 
Real-time 
IDENTIFICATION OF IDENTITY 
RELATED ANOMALIES
2322 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 16]
Our risk management architecture deploys automated system-
based early warning triggers to monitor exposures in real 
time, with a focus on higher-risk segments and geographies. 
Automated triggers enable timely interventions, ensuring 
disciplined portfolio management and dynamic risk calibration.
Exposure Management Triggers
Designed to maintain controlled exposure across 
defined microsegments based on geography, 
demographics, profession and credit profile, 
enabling automated actions when pre-defined 
thresholds are breached. 
Risk-based Triggers
Rely on model performance data and underwriting 
parameters to dynamically recalibrate risk 
thresholds in response to shifting portfolio signals.
System-based early warning triggers 
to identify high risk customers
Hybrid risk assessment for loan against property
Machine-led
IMPLEMENTATION 
VS MANUAL
450+
PIN CODES WHERE 
DISBURSEMENTS 
WERE PAUSED
0.57%
OF APPLICATIONS 
REJECTED DUE TO 
RISKY INVESTMENT 
BEHAVIOR
99.2%
DIGITAL COLLECTION 
SHARE    
100%
NACH AND UPI 
MANDATE AVAILABILITY
7,000+
FIELD COLLECTION 
PROFESSIONALS
Our collections strategy is driven by insights from historical repayment patterns, application activity and 
customer behaviour, with a focus on maximising digital collections through automated clearing house 
mandates. Leveraging our in-house Automated Collections System (ACS), we follow a structured, stage-
based collections approach that combines pre-due reminders, predictive analytics and targeted tele-
calling to enable timely customer engagement and improve recovery outcomes. 
Automated collections system 
3050
-3
Collections	allocation	algorithm
Of	the	total	resolutions
Early field intervention from DPD 5
DPD
(Days	Past	Due)
Pre-Due	
Campaign
Legal	&	
Recovery
Actions
201510
200+	variablesUnderwriting 
parameters
PTP	/	NC	/	CB	/	BPTPCollection 
disposition
Deterioration	in	bureau,
other	triggers
Bureau pull
On	us	and	off	usRepayment 
track record
9060
< 5%
collections 
through	
agencies
>95% 
collections 
in	house
Pan-India 
presence
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
1,000+
TELE-CALLING 
SPECIALISTS        
95%+
COLLECTIONS 
MANAGED IN-HOUSE         
275+
MEMBER SUPERVISION 
TEAM 
Our Loan Against Property (LAP) underwriting framework combines digital intelligence with on-ground 
verification to deliver comprehensive risk assessment. AI-based income evaluation is complemented by 
physical verification, legal due diligence, technical valuation, and property intelligence to strengthen credit 
quality and portfolio resilience.
Integrated assessment framework
Personal discussion 	
In-person or digital interaction to validate customer intent and documentation
Field visit 	
Residence and office visits to assess property, ownership, usage and lifestyle indicators
Legal checks 	
Title verification and encumbrance check by in-house legal or empanelled vendors
Technical checks 	
Valuation conducted by certified third-party valuers or in-house experts
Mortgage creation	
Through a hybrid online-offline process ensuring legal enforceability
Risk management architecture 
1
2
3
4
5
2524 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 17]
Technology at the core
Scalable, cloud-native & 
AI-driven platform
We have adopted a technology-first approach across the entire lending lifecycle 
from the initial stages of customer acquisition and digital onboarding to credit 
underwriting, loan disbursal, post-disbursal servicing and collections. We leverage 
ML algorithms, AI models and cloud-native infrastructure to build and operate a 
modern, scalable and secure lending platform.
In-house End-to-End Lending Platform
Our custom built fully integrated lending platform 
enables seamless automation across all stages, 
driving operational efficiency, scalability and 
faster turnaround times.
Empowering Sales and Merchant Partners 
with Digital Tools
We provide dedicated applications and 
dashboards for our field teams, merchant partners 
and customers, enabling real-time lead tracking, 
faster loan processing and enhanced visibility 
across the sales funnel. These digital tools 
improve customer experience, increase partner 
productivity and support higher conversion rates.
Robust Multi-Partner Architecture with 
Compliance at its Core
Our platform is built on a secure, scalable 
and multi-tenant architecture that seamlessly 
supports multiple lending partners. Featuring 
a configurable Business Rules Engine (BRE), 
modular Loan Origination System (LOS) and 
flexible Loan Management System (LMS), it 
enables plug-and-play integration and efficient 
partner onboarding while maintaining strong 
governance, compliance and operational control.
AI- and ML-Driven Decisioning
We leverage AI, ML and a cloud-native 
architecture to power decision-making across 
the lending lifecycle. We have harnessed 
over 10 billion data points to strengthen credit 
decisioning, enhance risk management and 
improve operational performance.
Data Security, Privacy and Regulatory 
Compliance
Our platform is built with enterprise-grade 
security and compliance controls to safeguard 
customer data and support regulatory adherence. 
With encryption of data at rest and in transit, 
secure storage frameworks, robust cybersecurity 
measures, and continuous compliance 
monitoring, we proactively manage risks while 
strengthening governance and reinforcing trust in 
our digital platform.
KEY ELEMENTS OF OUR TECHNOLOGY PLATFORM
Empowering Sales and 
Merchant Partners 
with Digital Tools
Robust Multi-Partner 
Architecture with 
Compliance at its Core
In-house End-to-End 
Lending Platform
AI and ML Driven 
Decisioning
Data Security, Privacy 
and Regulatory 
Compliance
2726 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 18]
OUR DIGITAL ECOSYSTEM
Our Company has developed a proprietary suite 
of digital platforms that forms the backbone of its 
customer acquisition, lending, servicing and collections 
ecosystem. Built in-house through sustained investments 
in technology, data science and process innovation, 
these platforms enable the seamless delivery of financial 
products across the customer lifecycle, spanning 
customer acquisition, credit underwriting, disbursement, 
servicing and collections. At the core of this ecosystem 
is the “Kissht” application, our flagship consumer-facing 
platform that enables customers to access instant credit 
through advanced analytics and proprietary credit 
models. Our Company also operates the “PaywithRing 
(powered by Kissht)” application, which provides instant 
credit to customers acquired through merchant channels. 
Complementing this is the “Kissht Merchant” application, 
which enables point-of-sale financing through “Credit 
QR” at partner stores. 
PROPRIETARY AI & GEN AI PLATFORM
We have embedded Artificial Intelligence (AI), Generative AI (Gen AI), and Agentic AI across our lending lifecycle to 
drive intelligent decision-making, improve operational productivity, and deliver differentiated customer experiences.
AI I M PACT
+10pp
OFFER-SELECTION	
CONVERSION UPLIFT  
70%+
VOICE AGENT RECOVERY VS. 
HUMAN TEAM
80%
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT CODE 
WRITTEN WITH AI
~200 seconds to 
less than 90 seconds
AVERAGE RESPONSE TIME 
REDUCED FROM
100%
CUSTOMER CALL QC 	
COVERAGE
30+ 
AI-GENERATED FEATURES 
DEPLOYED FOR LAP 
UNDERWRITING AND PROPERTY 
VALUATION 
Technology at the core
Transformer Sequence 
Models
Leveraging orthogonal deep 
feature sets to enhance the 
interpretability and predictive 
performance of tabular models, 
including XGBoost and LightGBM.
Multi-Agent AI Team
Integrating specialised Vision, 
Text, Tabular, and Graph AI 
agents to enable comprehensive 
case-file synthesis and root 
cause analysis.
GenAI-Augmented Feature 
Store Enhancement
Harnessing LLM-driven feature 
synthesis and enrichment 
to continuously strengthen 
and expand the enterprise 
feature store.
Our Company’s servicing and collections infrastructure 
includes the “ACS”, “Kissht CRM” and “Kissht Collections 
App”, which support tele-calling, field recovery and 
collections management. For the secured lending 
business, including Loans Against Property (LAP), our 
Company operates an integrated technology solution 
comprising the “Kissht LAP Sales” application for lead 
generation and the “Kissht LAP LOS” panel supporting 
credit and operational processes. We are also piloting 
“Conexo”, a platform for sourcing retail loan products, 
including credit cards, for other financial institutions. 
These customer-facing platforms are supported 
by scalable backend systems, including the User 
Management System, Loan Management System (LMS) 
and off-book partner platform, among others, as well as 
our consumer- and partner-facing websites, including 
kissht.com and sicrevacapital.com . Collectively, 
these technology assets enable an integrated and 
scalable fintech ecosystem, supporting our Company’s 
technology-led approach to delivering accessible and 
efficient financial services.
Loan Management 
System
Lead
Generation
Credit	&	Non-
Credit	Products
Loan	Origination	System
Disbursements
Repayments	Schedule
Customer	Support
Google	Play	Store Personal	Loan
iOS	App	Store Loan	Against	
Property
Health	Insurance
Auto	Insurance
Online	Marketing Banking	&	Transaction	Data
Automated
Collections	System
Merchant	Network Digital	Data	Intelligence
Web	Aggregators Data	From	Third	Party
Unified Sourcing 
Engine Multiple Products Data & AI/ML Based 
Decisioning Data From Various Sources Loan Lifecycle 
Management
Collections	portal/app
Business	Rule	Engine
Campaign	Manager
Allocation	Engine
VERTICAL INTEGRATION
Credit	Engine Customer	Data	&	KYC
Fraud	Engine Bureau	History
Early	Warning	
Triggers
Collections	Disposition
CLOUD-NATIVE INFRASTRUCTURE
VERTICALL Y INTEGRATED DIGITAL ECOSYSTEM
Our continued investments in technology have enabled us to build a fully integrated lending ecosystem. This integrated 
architecture improves operational efficiency, accelerates product launches, and enhances execution across the lending 
value chain.
Core AI capabilities
2928 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 19]
Balanced liability base 
Diversified 
liability franchise
Our lending business comprising both on-book and off-book portfolios, 
is supported by a well-diversified funding framework. On-book loans are 
originated through our wholly owned subsidiary, Si Creva, an RBI-registered 
middle-layer NBFC, while off-book loans are executed in partnership with 
leading financial institutions. This balanced funding model enhances capital 
efficiency, strengthens liquidity, supports scalable growth, and enables us to 
serve a broader customer base.
ON-BOOK FUNDING PROFILE
A diversified mix of funding instruments and lending partners provides financial flexibility and a resilient 
liability profile.
45+
LENDING PARTNERS
14.16%
AVERAGE COST OF BORROWINGS
Asset light 
model 
BOOKED ON PARTNER BOOKS    
1.8x
DEBT TO EQUITY RATIO 8+
OFF-BOOK PARTNERS      
STRONG LENDING RELATIONSHIPS
Our lender base includes leading banks, NBFCs, and financial institutions, providing stable access to funding and 
supporting long-term business growth.
Lender Base Break-up (As on March 31, 2026)
Off-Book AUM: ₹3,510 Crore (as on March 31, 2026)
By Instrument	 (%) By Lender Category	 (%)
K2,396 Cr
TOTAL BORROWINGS   
	 Non-convertible	
	 Debentures
	 Term Loans
	 Pass-Through	
	 Certificates
	 Others 
	 Fund Houses
	 NBFCs
	 Banks 
	 Others 
5437
8 1
46
33
20 1
Rating Agency Instrument / Facility Current Rating* Outlook
CRISIL Ratings Long-term Bank Facilities / NBFC A- Stable
India Ratings Long-term Issuer / Bank Facilities A- Stable
Acuité Ratings Long-term Bank Facilities A- Stable
*Pertains	to	subsidiary	NBFC	(as	on	March	31,	2026)
6435
1
	 100-0 Arrangement
	 Co-lending
	 Direct Assignment
By Arrangement	 (%)
SCALABLE OFF-BOOK ORIGINA TION MODEL
Our off-book strategy complements our on-book portfolio through diversified partnership structures that enable an 
asset-light, capital-efficient growth model while expanding lending capacity. With loans primarily booked on partner 
balance sheets and a limited First Loss Default Guarantee (FLDG) of 0-5%, the model supports efficient risk sharing 
while enhancing scalability.
CREDIT RA TING*
3130 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 20]
Awards & recognitions
Industry recognition and 
leadership accolades
December 2025
Leadership recognition was further strengthened through 
Business Outlook’s Admired Brands & Leaders 
and Forbes Asia 100 to Watch 2025, showcasing 
our Company’s growing influence within the financial 
services ecosystem. 
November 2025 
Earned recognition at the Future of Legal & Compliance 
Summit & Awards, underscoring our commitment to 
strong governance and compliance practices. 
March 2026 
Named among the ET Edge Best BFSI Brands 2026 and 
Most Trusted Brands of India, reinforcing our reputation 
for trust, reliability and customer confidence.
Our Chairman, Director & CEO, Ranvir Singh, was 
recognised as one of the Most Promising Business 
Leaders of Asia 2025–26, reflecting visionary 
leadership and strategic execution. 
January 2026
Certified as a Great Place to Work for FY25-26,	
recognising our focus on building an inclusive, 
collaborative and engaging work environment.
June 2026 
Recognised as one of the ET Edge Best Organisations 
to Work 2026, reflecting our commitment to fostering a 
high-performance, people-centric workplace. 
March 2026 
Honoured with the Best Use of Technology in Credit 
Risk Assessment award at the India Credit Risk 
Summit & Awards, highlighting our focus on innovation 
in risk management. 
November 2025 
Recognised at the CX Excellence Awards for 
the Best Use of Insights to Enhance Customer 
Experience (Financial Services),  demonstrating our 
data-driven approach to customer engagement and 
customer confidence.
November 2025
Awarded Customer Experience Team of the Year 
at the CX Strategy Summit & Awards for delivering 
differentiated and customer-centric experiences. 
Received the Best Fintech Marketing  award 
at the World Marketing Congress & Awards,  
recognising impactful brand-building and customer 
engagement initiatives.
September-November 2025 
Featured in prestigious industry publications including 
Forbes India – Valuable Brands in India, ET Now Best 
Tech Brands, and ET Now Iconic Brands of India, 
enhancing our visibility and market standing.
September 2025
Honoured as one of the ET Now Best Organisations  for 
Women, highlighting our focus on fostering an inclusive 
and empowering workplace. 
Featured among ET Now Iconic Brands of India and ET 
Now Best Tech Brands, reflecting the strength of our 
brand and technology-driven business model. 
May 2025
Recognised with the ET Now Brand Disruption 
Award, reaffirming our commitment to innovation and 
industry leadership.
3332 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 21]
Focus Area FY25-26 Highlights
Healthcare & 	
Education
Supported healthcare and education services through Angel Charitable Trust.
Community 	
Development
Implemented programmes on rural development, WASH, women empowerment, livelihood 
enhancement and environmental sustainability through Arpan Seva Sansthan.
Employee 	
Volunteering
Organised Sparsh – The Touch of Kindness Week, donation drives, book distribution and 
the Anna Daan initiative, encouraging employees to contribute towards the well-being of 
underserved communities.
Sustainable Festive 	
Engagement
Launched ‘Zindagi Ke Rang Kissht Ke Sang’, partnering with ScrapShala to distribute 
eco-friendly, plant-based Holi colours across LAP branches, promoting environmental 
consciousness while celebrating with customers and local communities.
Inclusive 	
Livelihoods
Partnered with Shyoka Foundation, Purnkuti and GiftAbled during festive celebrations 
to support women-led enterprises, artisans and persons with disabilities through the 
procurement of handcrafted, eco-friendly products.
Sustainability at Kissht
Building an inclusive and 
sustainable future
At Kissht, sustainability is embedded in our purpose of creating inclusive financial 
opportunities while generating positive social and environmental impact. Through 
responsible lending, ethical business practices and targeted CSR initiatives, we 
strive to empower individuals, strengthen communities, and contribute towards a 
resilient and sustainable economy. Our ESG approach is guided by four strategic 
pillars that align with our business model, stakeholder expectations and the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
ESG Strategic Pillars Our Focus
Foster Inclusive	
Communities
Strengthening communities through education, healthcare, livelihood enhancement, women 
empowerment, rural development, sanitation and social welfare initiatives.
Promoting	
Financial Inclusion
Expanding access to responsible and affordable digital credit solutions, enabling underserved 
individuals and small businesses to participate in the formal financial ecosystem and improve 
their economic resilience.
Empowering	
People
Through initiatives such as the National Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme (NAPS), employee 
volunteering, mental wellness programmes, and dedicated women’s health initiatives, we strive 
to create a workplace where everyone feels supported, valued and empowered.
Supporting the	
Green Economy
Through initiatives that promote environmental sustainability, action like tree plantation drives, 
and eco-friendly procurement we strive to contribute towards environmental protection while 
fostering greener and healthier communities.
Foster inclusive communities
At Kissht, we believe that sustainable growth is built 
on thriving communities. Through strategic CSR 
partnerships and employee-led initiatives, OnEMI 
Technology Solutions Limited and Si Creva Capital 
Services Private Limited support programmes that 
improve access to healthcare, education, sanitation, 
women empowerment and rural development while 
supporting vulnerable and underserved communities. 
During FY25-26, we collaborated with Angel Charitable 
Trust to strengthen healthcare and education initiatives 
and partnered with Arpan Seva Sansthan to implement 
programmes focused on rural development, WASH, 
livelihood enhancement, women and adolescent 
empowerment, and environmental sustainability. 
Our employees further contributed through donation 
drives, community outreach and volunteering initiatives, 
reinforcing a culture of compassion and collective 
responsibility. We also partnered with purpose-driven 
social enterprises to promote sustainable livelihoods and 
inclusive economic opportunities, creating meaningful 
social impact while strengthening our connection with 
the communities we serve.
   
  
3534 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial StatementsOnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 22]
Empowering communities 
through encouraging 
responsible procurement
Kissht celebrated festivals by 
sourcing handcrafted gifts from 
Shyoka Foundation, Purnkuti and 
GiftAbled, supporting women-
led enterprises, artisans and 
persons with disabilities while 
promoting sustainable and inclusive 
livelihoods.
Zindagi Ke Rang Kissht	
Ke Sang
Celebrating Holi responsibly by 
promoting eco-friendly festivities, 
supporting education and engaging 
with local communities through 
sustainable and purpose-driven 
initiatives.
Sparsh - The Touch	
of Kindness
Employees volunteering to support 
underserved communities through 
the distribution of essential supplies, 
hygiene products and community 
welfare initiatives across locations.
11.76 Mn
CUSTOMERS SERVED 
K3.89 Cr
CSR SPEND * 
23.97%
ROAE 
Promoting financial inclusion
Financial inclusion lies at the heart of Kissht’s business 
model. By leveraging technology and responsible lending 
practices, we are expanding access to formal credit 
for underserved individuals and businesses across 
India. Our digital-first platform delivers a seamless 
borrowing experience while fostering financial resilience, 
supporting entrepreneurship, and contributing to 
inclusive economic growth.
   
Sustainability at Kissht
AREA OUR APPROACH
Purpose Expand access to responsible, transparent and affordable digital credit for underserved 
individuals and MSMEs.
Digital Lending Fully digital customer journey covering KYC, credit assessment, loan disbursal and repayment 
tracking.
Faster Access to Credit Reduced personal loan turnaround time from weeks to minutes through technology-enabled 
processes.
Customer Reach Served 11.76 million customers across India through digital and offline channels.
Technology & Innovation AI- and ML-based underwriting, advanced analytics and automated risk assessment to 
enhance responsible lending.
Customer Acquisition Digital-first sourcing complemented by merchant partnerships, aggregators, branches and an 
innovative Credit QR offline-to-online model.
Business Impact Expanding financial inclusion by enabling underserved customers and MSMEs to access 
formal credit efficiently.
*Note: Figure mentioned above is on consolidated basis.
3736 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 23]
Empowering people
At Kissht, we believe that empowering people extends beyond financial services. Supporting the everyday 
needs of our people helps create a workplace where everyone feels valued, comfortable, and empowered. 
Through employee volunteering, healthcare programs, skill development, trainings, and emotional health, 
we strive to create lasting impact on employee well-being.
  
Women’s Day Mental Wellness Session 
To mark Women’s Day, Kissht hosted a dedicated mental 
wellness programme for women employees, creating 
a safe space to discuss emotional well-being, stress 
management and self-care while strengthening its 
commitment to an inclusive and supportive workplace.    
Sports and wellness activities
Football, cricket, table tennis, foosball and carrom 
tournaments to promote teamwork, healthy 
competition and employee well-being.
Cultural and festive celebrations
Organisation-wide celebrations of Navratri, 
Christmas, Holi, Pongal, Ugadi, Makar Sankranti and 
International Women’s Day to foster inclusivity and 
cultural appreciation.
Sustainability at Kissht
AREA FY25-26 Highlights
Education & Employability Supported the National Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme (NAPS) to enhance vocational 
skills, apprenticeship opportunities and employability for India’s youth.
Employee Well-being Conducted a Women’s Day Mental Wellness Session in partnership with The Mood Space, 
promoting emotional well-being and fostering a supportive and inclusive workplace.
A Thoughtful Start to Women’s Day Week
As part of our commitment to employee well-being, sanitary napkin dispensers have been 
installed across all women’s washrooms at our offices.
Learning and capability development
Building future-ready capabilities remains central to 
our people strategy. We continue to invest in structured 
learning initiatives that enhance technical expertise, 
leadership capabilities and professional skills while 
reinforcing a culture of continuous learning, operational 
excellence and regulatory compliance.
Key learning initiatives included
Leadership development
First- Time Manager and Branch Manager Upskill 
programmes to strengthen leadership, people 
management and decision-making capabilities.
Functional capability building
Product, process, policy, sales, collections and 
LeadSquared (LSQ) application training to improve 
operational effectiveness and customer service.
218
WOMEN WORKFORCE * 
2,081
EMPLOYEES*   
Employee participation
Interactive activities and contests that encouraged 
collaboration, creativity and stronger workplace 
relationships across locations.
Team bonding
Engagement programmes that strengthened 
camaraderie, enhanced cross-functional collaboration 
and reinforced a sense of belonging.
Inclusive workplace culture
Initiatives designed to celebrate diversity, recognise 
employee contributions and create an engaging and 
supportive work environment.
Performance enhancement
Refresher programmes and Performance Improvement 
Plan (PIP) interventions to bridge skill gaps and drive 
continuous improvement.
Compliance and ethics
Mandatory training on POSH, AML & KYC, Code of 
Conduct, information security, health and safety, fraud 
prevention and regulatory compliance.
Customer-centric excellence
Programmes focused on customer service, grievance 
handling, communication and service quality to 
enhance customer experience.
Future-ready talent
Soft skills and behavioural development programmes 
for high-performing employees to strengthen 
leadership presence, stakeholder management and 
interpersonal effectiveness.
*Note: All the numbers mentioned above are on consolidated basis.
3938 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 24]
Supporting the green economy
We believe that supporting the green economy is integral to building a sustainable future. Through strategic 
partnerships, eco-friendly procurement practices and employee-led environmental initiatives, we remain 
committed to fostering a greener, more resilient and environmentally conscious society.
    
AREA FY25-26 Highlights
Environmental 
Sustainability
Through our partnership with Arpan Seva Sansthan, Kissht supported initiatives focused on 
natural resource management, watershed development, environmental sustainability, carbon 
footprint reduction, sustainable agriculture and rural resilience, contributing to long-term 
environmental conservation.
Sustainable Procurement Under its Eco-friendly Festival Initiatives, Kissht collaborated with ScrapShala to distribute 
plant-based Holi colours and partnered with Purnkuti and GiftAbled to procure eco-friendly, 
handcrafted products, promoting responsible sourcing, supporting local artisans and 
advancing circular economy principles.
Circular Economy Through Sparsh - The Touch of Kindness Week, employees donated clothes, books, 
stationery, toys, electronic devices and household essentials, extending the lifecycle of 
usable products, reducing waste and supporting underserved communities through reuse and 
responsible consumption.
Nature-based Celebrations To commemorate its IPO milestone on World Environment Day, Kissht pledged to plant a tree 
for every employee who rang the listing bell, creating a tree plantation initiative in Jalgaon 
and reinforcing its commitment to afforestation, biodiversity conservation and environmental 
stewardship.
Sustainability at Kissht
IPO Celebration with a Purpose
To commemorate its IPO, Kissht transformed a symbolic 
listing bell into a meaningful environmental initiative by 
pledging to plant one tree in Jalgaon for every employee 
who rang the bell. The initiative celebrated collective 
achievement while contributing to afforestation, 
environmental stewardship and a greener future.
As we continue to expand our digital financial ecosystem, 
we remain committed to conducting our business with 
integrity, fostering responsible innovation, and investing 
in initiatives that create lasting positive outcomes for 
people, communities, and the environment. Guided 
by our purpose and aligned with national priorities and 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs), we will continue to embed sustainability into our 
business strategy and operations, creating shared value 
while contributing to a more inclusive, equitable, and 
resilient future.
Together, we are building a future where responsible 
finance empowers lives, strengthens communities, and 
drives sustainable progress for generations to come.   
275 trees 
planted
PLEDGED PER IPO BELL -RINGING 
EMPLOYEE
Local artisans 
and underserved 
communities 
supported through 
responsible sourcing 
and reuse
4140 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 25]
Governance
Strong foundation for 
maximising value 
Strong governance is fundamental to building a resilient, responsible and future-
ready organisation. At OnEMI, we uphold the highest standards of transparency, 
accountability and ethical conduct, embedding sustainability considerations into 
our decision-making processes. Our governance framework is supported by robust 
policies, systems and controls that enable effective risk management, regulatory 
compliance and long-term value creation for all stakeholders.
BOARD OVERSIGHT
The Board of Directors provides strategic direction 
and oversight, ensuring that our Company operates in 
a responsible and sustainable manner. It reviews and 
approves key business strategies, monitors emerging 
risks and opportunities, and guides our long-term growth 
agenda while safeguarding stakeholder interests.
BOARD EXPERTISE
Our Board comprises experienced professionals with 
diverse industry, financial, governance and business 
expertise. This breadth of knowledge and perspective 
supports balanced deliberations, strengthens oversight 
and enables informed decision-making across strategic 
and operational matters.
BOARD COMMITTEES
To strengthen governance and facilitate focused oversight, 
the Board has constituted specialised Committees with 
clearly defined responsibilities and delegated authority. 
These Committees review key matters within their 
respective domains and provide recommendations to the 
Board, enhancing the effectiveness of governance and 
decision-making processes.
Audit Committee 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee 
Risk Management Committee
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
In addition to the above, the Board of Directors of our 
Company had constituted an IPO Committee, ESOP 
Committee, IT Strategy Committee to facilitate focused 
oversight, efficient decision-making and effective 
monitoring of specific matters relating to the public 
issue, employee stock option schemes and information 
technology and technology-related risks and initiatives of 
our Company respectively.
4342 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 26]
Board of Directors
Steering success through 
strategic leadership 
RANVIR SINGH  |  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director 
Ranvir Singh is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of the 
Company. He holds a Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian 
Institute of Technology Bombay and a Post Graduate Diploma in Management from the 
Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore.
With over 20 years of experience across consulting and financial services, he has been 
instrumental in building the Company into a leading technology-led lending platform. 
Prior to co-founding the Company, he was associated with McKinsey & Company India, 
Shinka Technologies Private Limited and Si Creva Consulting Services Private Limited. 
He is also a founding member of the Fintech Association for Consumer Empowerment. 
ALOK BANSAL  |  Non-Executive Independent Director
Alok Bansal serves as a Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board of the 
Company. He holds a Bachelor of Technology in Textile Technology from Shri Shahu 
Ji Maharaj University and a Post Graduate Diploma in Management from the Indian 
Institute of Management, Calcutta.
He brings extensive experience across technology, financial services and business 
leadership. Over the course of his career, he has been associated with Voltas Limited, 
GE Aerospace India (General Electric), iGate Global Solutions Limited, Mahindra & 
Mahindra Limited and FE Global Technology Services Private Limited.
 CHAIRPERSON    MEMBER
 Audit Committee   Corporate Social Responsibility Committee   Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
 Risk Management Committee   Nomination and Remuneration Committee
 CHAIRPERSON    MEMBER
 Audit Committee   Corporate Social Responsibility Committee   Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee
 Risk Management Committee   Nomination and Remuneration Committee
KRISHNAN VISHWANATHAN   |  CFO & Executive Director 
Krishnan Vishwanathan serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director 
of the Company. He holds a Bachelor of Technology in Electrical Engineering from 
the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi and a Master of Business Administration from 
Yale University.
With over 22 years of experience across consulting, finance and technology, he plays 
a key role in driving the Company’s financial strategy and growth. Prior to joining the 
Company, he was associated with McKinsey & Company India, Silicon [SS4.1]Access 
Networks, Analog Devices, Alliance Semiconductor (India) Private Limited, Shinka 
Technologies Private Limited and Si Creva Consulting Services Private Limited. 
YOGESH CHADHA  |  Non-Executive Independent Director
Yogesh Chadha serves as a Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board of the 
Company. He holds a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) degree from the University of 
Delhi and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
He brings extensive expertise in finance, accounting, audit and corporate governance. 
During his professional career, he has been associated with Al-Makateb Co. Ltd., Ramah 
Aluminium Factory Company Ltd. and J.P. Morgan Services India Private Limited. 
SANGEETA TANWANI   |  Non-Executive Independent Director 
Sangeeta Tanwani serves as a Non-Executive Independent Director on the Board of 
the Company. She holds a bachelor’s degree in Pharmaceuticals from the University of 
Bombay and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Pune.
She brings extensive leadership experience across consumer goods, retail, banking and 
healthcare sectors. Over the course of her career, she has been associated with Kellogg 
India, HSBC Bank Middle East Limited, Aditya Birla Fashion and Retail Limited and 
Novartis India Limited (formerly Hindustan CIBA GEIGY Limited).
PIYUSH KHARBANDA*  |  Non-Executive Nominee Director
Piyush Kharbanda serves as a Non-Executive Nominee Director on the Board of the 
Company. He holds a Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics and Communications from 
the University of Delhi and a Post Graduate Diploma in Management from the Indian 
Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.
With over 15 years of experience in the finance and investment sector, he brings deep 
expertise in private equity, venture capital and strategic investments. Prior to his current 
role, he was associated with Multiples Alternate Asset Management Private Limited 
and Alvarez & Marsal India Private Limited. He is currently a General Partner at Vertex 
Ventures SEA Management India Private Limited, where he focuses on identifying and 
supporting high-growth businesses.
*Mr. Piyush Kharbanda (DIN: 08126225) resigned as the Non-Executive Nominee Director with effect from the 
close of business hours of August 17, 2026, due to pre-occupation and personal reasons. 
4544 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 27]
Management Team 
Leading with 
integrity and purpose
RANVIR SINGH  
Chairman, CEO & Executive Director
Previous Affiliations: McKinsey & Company India, 
Shinka Technologies Private Limited and Si Creva 
Consulting Services Private Limited.
Experience: 20+ Years
KRISHNAN VISHWANATHAN  
CFO & Executive Director
Previous Affiliations:  McKinsey & Company India, 
Silicon Access Networks, Analog Devices, Alliance 
Semiconductor (India) Private Limited, Shinka 
Technologies Private Limited and Si Creva Consulting 
Services Private Limited.
Experience: 22+ Years
NEHA SHIVRAN  
Chief Data & Analytics Officer (Si Creva)
Previous Affiliations: Lenddo Pte. Ltd, Trans Union 
Software Services Private Limited, State Bank of 
India, RBS India Development Centre (P) Limited and 
Asymmetrix Solutions Private Limited
Experience: 15+ Years
SANDEEP KADAM  
Chief Technology Officer
Previous Affiliations:  AlbaCo Limited, Dhani Loans 
and Services Limited, Jwala Technology Systems 
Private Limited, Saavan, LLC, Saavn Media Private 
Limited and Yahoo.
Experience: 15+ Years
Board of Directors
MR.	RANVIR	SINGH	
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and 
Executive Director
MR.	KRISHNAN	VISHWANATHAN
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director
MR.	ALOK	BANSAL
Non-Executive Independent Director
MS.	SANGEETA	TANWANI
Non-Executive Independent Director
MR.	YOGESH	CHADHA
Non-Executive Independent Director
MR.	PIYUSH	KHARBANDA*
Non-Executive Nominee Director
MS.	SHRADDHA	RAJKUMAR	
PATANGIA
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
M/S.	CHOKSHI	&	CHOKSHI	LLP
Statutory Auditor
M/S.	BDO	INDIA	SERVICES	PRIVATE	
LIMITED
Internal Auditor
(As on March 31, 2026  
Internal Auditor was M/s. KKC & Associates LLP)
MS.	RAMADEVI	SATISH	VENIGALLA
Secretarial Auditor
Corporate Information
Registered Office
10th Floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, 
LBS Marg, Kurla (West), 
Mumbai 400 070, Maharashtra, India
T: 022 2269475600 
E: compliance@kissht.com  
W: www.kissht.com
CIN: L72900MH2016PLC282573
Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
KFIN	TECHNOLOGIES 	LIMITED
Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31 and 32, 
Financial District, Nanakramguda,  
Serilingampally, Hyderabad,  
Rangareddi 500 032 Telangana
T: (40) 6716 2222 
E: einward.ris@kfintech.com  
W: www.kfintech.com
* Mr. Piyush Kharbanda (DIN: 08126225) resigned as the Non-Executive Nominee Director with effect from the close of business 
hours of August 17, 2026, due to pre-occupation and personal reasons.
4746 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 28]
Management Discussion and Analysis 
1. Macro-Economic Overview
1.1		Global Economy Overview
The global economy navigated a challenging 
environment through CY 2025 and early CY 2026, 
shaped by geopolitical tensions, trade policy 
uncertainties and supply chain disruptions. Ongoing 
conflicts in the Middle East and rising protectionist 
measures, particularly in the United States, impacted 
global trade, energy markets and investment sentiment. 
While trade negotiations and policy initiatives in the latter 
half of 2025 helped ease some pressures, structural 
challenges and geoeconomic fragmentation continued 
to weigh on the global outlook.
 CY 2025  CY 2026P  CY 2027P
World 3.4% 3.1% 3.2%
Advanced Economies 1.9% 1.8% 1.7%
(i)	 	United States 2.1% 2.3% 2.1%
(ii)	 	Euro Area 1.4% 1.1% 1.2%
Emerging Markets and Developing Economies 4.4% 3.9% 4.2%
(i)	 	China 5.0% 4.4% 4.0%
(ii)	 	India 7.6% 6.5% 6.5%
	(Source: World Economic Outlook by IMF, April 2026) P - Projections
	Inflation Trends
	After easing steadily during CY 2025, headline inflation 
is expected to rise from 4.1% in CY 2025 to 4.4% in CY 
2026, primarily due to higher energy prices following 
disruptions in the Middle East, before moderating to 
3.7% in CY 2027 . Energy prices are projected to increase 
by nearly 19% during CY 2026, with crude oil averaging 
approximately US$ 82 per barrel, while higher natural 
gas, food and fertilizer prices are expected to keep 
production and transportation costs elevated. Central 
banks across major economies are therefore expected 
to maintain a cautious policy stance, balancing inflation 
control with the need to support economic activity. 
Although underlying inflation has moderated in several 
economies compared with the post-pandemic peak, 
policymakers remain vigilant as supply shocks and 
geopolitical developments continue to pose upside risks.
Financial Markets & Monetary Policy
	Global financial markets remained resilient despite 
heightened geopolitical uncertainty, although investor 
sentiment continued to be influenced by inflation 
expectations, commodity price volatility and policy 
developments. The escalation of regional conflicts 
strengthened the US dollar, increased sovereign bond 
yields and tightened global financial conditions, leading 
to higher financing costs and increased capital flow 
volatility, particularly across emerging market and 
developing economies.
	Central banks maintained a cautious and data-driven 
approach to balancing inflation control with economic 
growth. According to the IMF, the US Federal Reserve’s 
policy rate is projected to decline towards 3.1% by the 
end of CY 2027 , while the Bank of Japan is expected 
to gradually raise policy rates towards 1.5%. Diverging 
monetary policy trajectories across major economies are 
expected to continue shaping global liquidity, investment 
flows and currency movements.
Global Trade & Supply Chains
Global trade remained resilient despite rising 
protectionism, geopolitical tensions and higher energy 
and transportation costs. World merchandise trade 
volumes expanded by 4.6% in CY 2025, supported 
significantly by strong demand for advanced 
technology products, electronic components and digital 
infrastructure equipment, although growth is expected 
to moderate to 1.9% in CY 2026 before improving 
to 2.6% in CY 2027 . Technology-intensive products 
accounted for nearly half of global merchandise trade 
growth in CY 2025, reflecting the increasing importance 
of digitalisation, semiconductor investment and data 
infrastructure in global trade flows. Asia contributed 
71% of overall merchandise trade growth, reinforcing its 
position as a key manufacturing and export hub.
	Growth prospects continue to differ across economies. 
The advanced economies are expected to witness 
relatively moderate expansion as higher borrowing costs, 
ageing demographics and weaker productivity continue 
to weigh on economic activity. In contrast, emerging 
market and developing economies (EMDEs) are 
projected to remain the primary drivers of global growth, 
supported by favourable demographics, rising domestic 
consumption, infrastructure investments and continued 
industrialisation. However, these economies remain 
more vulnerable to external shocks, including elevated 
commodity prices, exchange rate volatility, tighter global 
financial conditions and geopolitical disruptions.
Outlook
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) 
projects global GDP growth of 3.1% in 
CY 2026 and 3.2% in CY 2027 , supported by 
easing inflation, resilient labour markets and 
continued investments in artificial intelligence, 
digitalisation and advanced technologies. 
However, elevated interest rates, tighter 
financial conditions, geopolitical conflicts and 
evolving trade policies are expected to continue 
influencing global growth, investment and 
trade flows. Emerging markets may also face 
heightened volatility from currency pressures, 
inflation risks and potential tightening of global 
monetary conditions.
	 	GDP Growth Rate 
3.1%
GLOBAL GDP GROWTH FORECAST 
FOR CY 2026, DRIVEN BY EASING 
INFLATION, RESILIENT LABOUR 
MARKETS AND CONTINUED 
INVESTMENTS IN AI AND DIGITAL 
TECHNOLOGIES.
5150 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 29]
1.2 Indian Economy Overview
	India remained one of the world’s fastest-growing major 
economies in FY26, with real GDP growth of 7 .7%, up 
from 6.5% in the previous year. Growth was underpinned 
by resilient domestic demand, supported by sustained 
private consumption and steady investment activity. 
Gross Value Added (GVA) expanded by 7 .9%, led by 
robust performance in the services and manufacturing 
sectors, while nominal GDP grew by 8.9%. In the 
fourth quarter, GDP growth moderated slightly to 7 .8%, 
reflecting continued investment momentum despite 
emerging global uncertainties.
Inflation
Inflation moderated significantly during FY26, supported by easing food prices, 
favourable base effects and effective policy measures. Headline inflation declined 
to 2.0% from 4.6% in the previous year, strengthening macroeconomic stability 
and consumer purchasing power. The benign inflation environment provided 
greater policy flexibility to support growth while maintaining price stability.
Reflecting the improved outlook, the RBI maintained the policy repo rate at 5.25% 
and retained a neutral policy stance. Liquidity conditions remained comfortable, 
supporting credit growth and financial system stability.
(Source: Economic Times )
Management Discussion and Analysis 
The policy environment continued to support growth. 
The Union Budget FY27 maintained fiscal discipline, 
targeting a fiscal deficit of 4.3% of GDP, while 
increasing capital expenditure by 12% with a focus 
on infrastructure, manufacturing and defence. The 
establishment of a ₹1.5 lakh crore Economic Stabilisation 
Fund further strengthened the macroeconomic 
framework by enhancing resilience against external 
shocks, particularly energy-related risks.
Outlook
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), in its first bi-monthly monetary policy review for FY27 , maintained the 
policy repo rate at 5.25% while retaining a neutral policy stance. The RBI projected CPI inflation at 4.6% 
and GDP growth at approximately 6.9% for FY27 , supported by strong domestic demand, sustained growth 
in the services sector, improving manufacturing capacity utilisation and continued policy measures to 
strengthen domestic manufacturing.
Despite global uncertainties, India’s medium-term outlook remains favourable, underpinned by sound 
macroeconomic fundamentals, ongoing structural reforms and sustained government support for 
infrastructure and manufacturing. These factors are expected to strengthen the country’s long-term growth 
trajectory while enhancing resilience against external shocks.
FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25 FY26
Indian Economy GDP Growth Rate	 (%)
	(Source: MoSPI Provisional Estimates FY26)
Consumption
Domestic consumption remained the primary driver of economic growth 
during FY26, supported by easing inflation, rising disposable incomes and 
stable employment. Private Final Consumption Expenditure (PFCE) grew 7 .0%, 
accounting for 61.5% of GDP, its highest share since 2012.
Government measures, including higher income tax exemptions, GST rationalisation 
and infrastructure-led capital expenditure, further strengthened household spending 
and supported sustained domestic demand.
(Source: Press Information Bureau 1; Press Information Bureau 2; Press Information  Bureau3; Press 
Information Bureau4)
Digital Economy
India’s digital economy continued to expand, driven by widespread adoption 
of digital public infrastructure and growing digital payment penetration. The 
RBI Digital Payments Index increased 11% during FY26, while UPI transaction 
volumes grew 30%, crossing 200 billion transactions. Supported by the JAM (Jan 
Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile) ecosystem, digitalisation continues to enhance financial 
inclusion and accelerate the country’s transition towards a digital economy.
(Source: NDTV Profit ; Press Information Bureau )
8.7
7.0
8.2
6.5
7.7
7.7%
REAL GDP GROWTH
12% 
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE GROWTH 
+11%
RBI DIGITAL PAYMENTS INDEX GROWTH
+30% (200 bn+ transactions) 
UPI TRANSACTION VOLUME GROWTH
5352 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 30]
2.2 NBFC Industry
	India’s credit ecosystem remained resilient during FY26, 
supported by sustained economic activity and healthy 
demand across retail, MSME and corporate segments. 
Outstanding non-food credit reached approximately 
₹213 lakh crore as of March 31, 2026, registering a 
robust 15.9% year-on-year growth.
	The NBFC sector continued to play a vital role in bridging 
the country’s credit gap, particularly in underserved and 
emerging customer segments. 
Outlook
India’s financial services sector remains well 
positioned for long-term growth, supported 
by favourable macroeconomic fundamentals, 
a strong regulatory framework and increasing 
digital adoption. Continued expansion of digital 
financial services, deeper capital market 
participation and the growth of non-bank 
financing channels are expected to drive the 
next phase of development.
Looking ahead, strengthening cyber resilience, 
consumer protection, responsible adoption of 
artificial intelligence and robust governance 
will remain critical to fostering innovation while 
preserving financial stability and sustaining 
inclusive growth.
(Source: Times of India , Livemint, Finnovate)
(Source: RBI, CareEdge)
NBFCs Commercial Real Estate Trade
NBFCs Expanding Role in Retail Credit
NBFCs are expected to play an increasingly important role in meeting India’s retail credit requirements. Their retail 
credit is projected to grow over 6x from ₹7 trillion in FY20 to ₹46 trillion by FY30, supported by rising disposable 
incomes, increasing digital adoption and a favourable policy environment. As the economy becomes more 
consumption-oriented, NBFCs are positioned to deepen formal credit penetration across emerging and underserved 
customer segments.
(Source(s): RBI, 1Lattice analysis)
Robust Momentum Continues in NBFC Credit Growth 	 (y-o-y, %)
Bank lending to NBFCs witnessed strong traction in FY26, with outstanding credit reaching ₹20.65 lakh crore in March 
2026 and accounting for 9.7% of total bank credit. Growth in bank credit to NBFCs accelerated sharply to 26.3% YoY, 
compared with 5.7% in the previous year, making NBFCs the fastest-growing segment among NBFCs, Commercial 
Real Estate and Trade. This reflects the expanding role of NBFCs in the credit ecosystem.
 Mar-24  Mar-25  Mar-26
The operating environment for NBFCs was further 
supported by improving digital adoption, diversified 
funding avenues and prudent regulatory oversight by 
the Reserve Bank of India. Continued emphasis on 
stronger underwriting standards, risk management 
and governance has enhanced the sector’s resilience, 
positioning NBFCs to support India’s expanding 
credit needs while advancing financial inclusion and 
economic growth.
	( S o u r c e :  Hindu Businessline )
2. Industry Overview
2.1 Financial Services Industry
	India’s financial services sector recorded another 
year of robust growth in FY26, supported by a 
stable macroeconomic environment, sound banking 
fundamentals and continued policy reforms. Increased 
digital adoption, expanding financial inclusion and 
sustained credit demand strengthened the sector, 
while regulatory initiatives enhanced the resilience and 
efficiency of the financial ecosystem.
Key industry Developments Included
Supportive Monetary Policy
The RBI adopted an accommodative approach by 
reducing the repo rate by 100 basis points and lowering 
the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR), improving systemic 
liquidity and supporting credit growth.
Resilient Banking System
Scheduled commercial banks further strengthened their 
balance sheets through improved asset quality, strong 
capital adequacy and healthy profitability.
Strong Credit Growth
Bank credit expanded 14.1% year-on-year as of 
March 2026, reflecting sustained demand across retail, 
corporate and MSME segments.
Resilient Capital Markets
Robust investor participation and healthy primary 
market activity supported resource mobilisation of 
approximately ₹10.7 lakh crore (up to December 2025), 
reinforcing India’s capital markets.
Growing Financialisation
Household participation in equities and mutual funds 
continued to rise, with market-linked investments 
accounting for 15.2% of financial savings, reflecting 
increasing investor confidence and financial awareness.
18.5 17.6
16.2
24.1
13.6
19.9
5.7
26.3
14.7
K213 lakh crore
OUTSTANDING NON-FOOD 
CREDIT AS OF MARCH 31, 2026, 
REGISTERING 15.9% YOY GROWTH 
WITH INCREASING GROWTH IN 
RETAIL CREDIT.
155
FY30P
201
CAGR 	
FY20-25
CAGR 	
FY25-30P
17.1%
17.3%
17.0%
21.5%
23.0%
21.1%
Retail systemic credit: Banks vs NBFCs	 (₹ Trillion, FY20–30P)
60
FY25
76
53
FY24
67
42
FY23
52
34
FY22
42
30
FY21
38
27
FY20
34
7
 Banks  NBFCs
7 8 10 14 16
46
Management Discussion and Analysis 
5554 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 31]
Government and Regulatory Initiatives
Scale-Based Regulation (SBR)
RBI continued the implementation of the SBR 
framework, aligning regulatory requirements 
with the size, complexity, activities and systemic 
importance of NBFCs.
Governance and Compliance
Regulatory reforms are enhancing liquidity 
management, depositor protection, CBS 
implementation for eligible NBFCs, board oversight, 
audit practices and risk governance.
Capital and Prudential Norms
RBI has strengthened prudential requirements, 
including raising the minimum NOF for NBFC-
Investment and Credit Companies to ₹10 crore by 
March 2027 , alongside enhanced capital adequacy, 
exposure and risk-weight norms.
Digital Public Infrastructure
The JAM ecosystem continues to drive financial 
inclusion through secure digital authentication and 
wider access to formal financial services. As of 
March 2026, over 144 crore Aadhaar numbers had 
been generated.
Regulatory Sandbox
RBI’s Regulatory Sandbox supports responsible 
fintech innovation by enabling controlled testing 
of digital lending, cybersecurity and customer-
centric solutions.
Account Aggregator Framework
The consent-based framework enables secure 
financial data sharing, facilitating faster credit 
assessment, reduced documentation and data-
driven loan origination.
Customer Protection
Continued emphasis on fair pricing, transparent 
lending practices and responsible digital lending to 
safeguard borrower interests.
Cybersecurity and IT Risk
RBI continued to enhance supervisory focus on 
cyber resilience, information technology risks and 
operational resilience of NBFCs, recognising the 
increasing dependence of financial services on 
digital infrastructure.
(Source: Press Information Bureau )
Challenges and Risk Factors
Asset Quality
While asset quality remains broadly strong, 
pockets of stress persist, particularly in MSME and 
microfinance portfolios. Higher borrower leverage, 
delinquencies in small-ticket loans and global 
demand uncertainty may continue to impact select 
lending segments.
Liquidity and Funding
Funding diversification remains critical, especially 
for small and mid-sized NBFCs. Despite the 
RBI’s withdrawal of additional risk weights on 
bank lending to NBFCs in April 2025, funding 
conditions remain selective, driving continued 
reliance on securitisation, debt markets and 
external borrowings.
Regulatory Compliance
Evolving regulations are strengthening governance, 
capital adequacy and risk management across 
the sector. While enhancing resilience, higher 
compliance and technology requirements may 
increase costs for smaller NBFCs and accelerate 
industry consolidation.
Competitive Intensity
The financial services sector remains highly 
competitive, with banks, NBFCs and fintech-led 
lenders increasingly competing across retail, MSME 
and digital lending segments. Competition for 
customers, funding and distribution channels may 
exert pressure on pricing, customer acquisition 
costs and margins. Continued investment in 
technology, differentiated products, efficient 
underwriting and customer experience will remain 
important to maintain competitiveness.
Cybersecurity & Fraud Risks
The increasing digitisation of lending and greater 
reliance on technology platforms expose financial 
institutions to evolving cybersecurity and fraud risks. 
Digital identity theft, payment fraud, data breaches 
and cyberattacks could affect customer trust, 
operational continuity and financial performance. 
Strengthening cybersecurity infrastructure, fraud 
detection capabilities, data protection measures and 
technology controls will therefore remain critical as 
digital lending continues to scale.
(Source: Wright Research )
Outlook
India’s banking and NBFC sectors are positioned for sustained growth, supported by a resilient economy, 
rising retail and MSME credit demand, increasing financial formalisation and urbanisation. Growing incomes, 
vehicle ownership and continued government focus on financial inclusion are expected to further deepen 
credit penetration.
Digital transformation, enabled by India’s Digital Public Infrastructure, will drive faster onboarding, data-led 
underwriting, operating efficiency and broader credit access. Co-lending, embedded finance and fintech 
partnerships are expected to further strengthen distribution and capital efficiency. A progressive regulatory 
framework focused on governance, capital adequacy and risk management will reinforce sector resilience. 
With strong structural tailwinds, improving funding access and accelerating digital adoption, the NBFC 
sector is well positioned to expand formal credit access and support India’s long-term economic growth.
Growth Drivers
	Policy Support and Monetary Easing
A supportive policy environment continues to 
strengthen India’s lending ecosystem. During 
FY26, the RBI reduced the policy repo rate to 
5.25%, improving liquidity conditions and lowering 
borrowing costs across the economy. Together 
with sustained public infrastructure spending and 
pro-growth policy measures, these initiatives are 
expected to support credit demand across retail, 
MSME and corporate segments.
Financial Inclusion
India’s financial sector continues to benefit from 
significant structural growth opportunities. With 
the country’s credit-to-GDP ratio at approximately 
93%, considerable headroom remains for credit 
deepening compared with developed economies. 
Additionally, nearly 23% of adults remain outside 
the formal financial system, creating substantial 
opportunities for banks and NBFCs to expand credit 
access across rural and semi-urban markets.
Co-lending Partnerships
	Co-lending has emerged as an important growth 
avenue, combining the distribution capabilities and 
underwriting expertise of NBFCs with the low-cost 
funding base of banks. The model improves credit 
penetration across retail, MSME and priority sectors 
while enhancing capital efficiency and risk sharing 
for participating institutions.
Digital Transformation
Digitalisation continues to redefine the lending 
landscape through AI-enabled underwriting, digital 
onboarding, real-time credit assessment and fintech 
partnerships. Supported by India’s Digital Public 
Infrastructure (DPI), these innovations are enhancing 
customer experience, improving operating 
efficiency, strengthening risk management and 
accelerating financial inclusion.
(Source: Wright Research )
Management Discussion and Analysis 
5756 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 32]
FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23 FY24 FY25 FY30P
Personal Loan Portfolio	 (₹ Trillion, FY20-30P)
18%
CAGR
20-22%
CAGR
(Source(s): Equifax, 1Lattice analysis)
Outlook
Going forward, sustained consumption 
demand, expanding digital lending ecosystems 
and continued innovation in credit delivery 
are expected to drive steady growth in the 
personal loan segment, while disciplined risk 
management and regulatory oversight will 
remain critical to maintaining portfolio quality.
	Market Drivers
• Rising disposable incomes, urbanisation and 
increasing consumer spending continue to drive 
demand for personal credit.
• Growing digital adoption, paperless onboarding 
and AI-driven underwriting are enabling faster loan 
approvals and enhancing customer experience.
• Expanding financial inclusion, wider credit 
bureau coverage and the use of alternative data 
are improving credit access for first-time and 
underserved borrowers.
• Continued innovation in digital lending platforms and 
fintech partnerships is expanding market reach and 
improving operational efficiency.
2.4 Loan Against Property (LAP) Industry
The India Loan Against Property (LAP) market continues 
to expand, driven by increasing demand for secured 
financing solutions among individuals, self-employed 
professionals and businesses. The organised LAP 
portfolio grew from ₹5.3 trillion in FY20 to ₹12.3 trillion 
in FY25 at a CAGR of 18% and is projected to reach upto 
₹33.2 trillion by FY30, registering a CAGR of 22% over 
FY25-FY30.
Growing preference for property-backed financing, 
rising MSME credit requirements and the need for 
flexible funding solutions for business expansion, 
working capital and personal needs are supporting 
market growth. Digital lending platforms, faster approval 
processes and technology-enabled underwriting are 
further improving accessibility across metropolitan and 
emerging urban centres.
(Source: Equifax, 1Lattice analysis))
Outlook
The Loan Against Property segment is expected to witness steady growth, supported by increasing 
MSME financing needs, rising property ownership, digital adoption and lenders’ focus on secured retail 
credit. Continued product innovation, wider geographic penetration and technology-led underwriting are 
expected to further improve accessibility and strengthen the role of LAP as a key growth segment within 
secured lending.
2.3 Personal Loan Industry
	India’s personal loan market expanded from ₹6.5 trillion 
in FY20 at an approximately 18% CAGR through FY25, 
driven by rising demand for unsecured credit and 
increasing penetration across urban and semi-urban 
markets. The market is projected to reach ₹36.5–39.6 
trillion by FY30, representing an estimated CAGR 
of approximately 20–22%, supported by increasing 
participation from Fintechs and NBFCs, deeper digital 
penetration, AI-led underwriting and a growing 
preference for instant, collateral-free credit.
13.1
10.7
8.36.66.5
14.7
36.5-39.6
Market Drivers
Rising MSME Credit Demand
Growing financing needs among MSMEs, self-employed 
professionals and small businesses are driving 
demand for property-backed loans for expansion and 
working capital.
	Preference for Secured Financing
Borrowers are increasingly leveraging residential and 
commercial properties to access larger-ticket loans at 
competitive rates.
Lender Portfolio Diversification
Banks, HFCs and NBFCs are expanding secured 
non-housing lending, supported by attractive 
risk-adjusted returns and collateral security.
Digital Transformation
AI-led underwriting, digital platforms, automated 
valuations and streamlined documentation are 
improving processing speed and expanding access 
beyond metros.
Emerging Market Expansion
Business formalisation and rising financial awareness 
across semi-urban and rural markets are widening the 
LAP customer base.
Strengthening Real Estate Fundamentals
Rising property values are enhancing borrowing 
capacity and collateral coverage, supporting growth 
in L AP.
Management Discussion and Analysis 
5958 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 33]
2.5 Digital Lending Ecosystem
The lending landscape is undergoing a structural shift 
as technology becomes integral to credit origination, 
assessment and servicing. AI, big data and automation 
are enabling digital platforms to streamline the 
lending journey, from application and documentation 
to disbursement, reducing reliance on physical 
paperwork and branch infrastructure. This is driving 
faster, paperless and more accessible credit delivery, 
particularly across collateral-free personal and working 
capital loans.
Digital channels are gaining significant traction 
in personal credit. Its share of total personal loan 
sanctions increased from 7% in FY21 to 15% in FY26. 
The share is projected to reach 20–21% by FY31, with 
digital sanctions expected to grow at a 26–27% CAGR, 
compared with 16–18% for non-digital sanctions.
	The growth of digital lending is being supported 
by digital public infrastructure, evolving consumer 
behaviour and technology-led credit delivery. Aadhaar 
e-KYC, UPI and Account Aggregator frameworks 
are enabling faster verification, consent-based data 
access and streamlined origination. Meanwhile, rising 
smartphone adoption and digitally native consumers are 
accelerating the shift towards digital credit discovery 
and application. Alternative-data underwriting, 
automated decisioning and instant onboarding are 
further enhancing the scalability and efficiency of small-
ticket digital lending.
LSP Ecosystem
The framework recognises LSPs across functions such 
as customer acquisition, credit assessment, servicing 
and collections, while placing the ultimate responsibility 
for outsourced activities with the regulated entity.
Multi-lender Platforms
Digital platforms offering loans from multiple lenders are 
subject to greater transparency requirements around 
loan offers, enabling borrowers to compare key terms 
and make informed choices.
DLG Discipline
The regulatory framework places defined conditions and 
limits on Default Loss Guarantee (DLG) arrangements, 
supporting greater discipline in risk sharing between 
regulated entities and their lending partners.
	(Source: Press Information Bureau; NBFC Digital Lending 2026 )
	Key Trends Shaping the Market
Account Aggregator is moving towards 
mainstream adoption
	The Account Aggregator framework is increasingly 
moving from experimentation to scaled adoption, 
enabling lenders to access consent-based, structured 
financial data for faster credit assessment and ongoing 
portfolio monitoring.
	Integrated technology is becoming critical for 
partner-led lending
As co-lending and multi-partner models scale, seamless 
integration across loan origination, servicing and 
partner systems is becoming increasingly important 
for data consistency, operational efficiency and 
regulatory compliance.
	Credit assessment is moving beyond traditional 
bureau data
Lenders are increasingly combining bureau information 
with banking, transaction, GST and other alternative 
data to develop a more comprehensive view of borrower 
behaviour, affordability and repayment capacity.
	Collections are becoming increasingly data-led 
and automated
Technology and predictive analytics are enabling lenders 
to identify early signs of repayment stress and initiate 
timely interventions, shifting collections from reactive 
recovery towards proactive portfolio management.
Data architecture is becoming central to 
regulatory compliance
	As regulatory expectations around data accuracy, 
reporting and customer protection increase, integrated 
technology infrastructure is becoming important for 
maintaining consistent information across origination, 
servicing, reporting and compliance processes.
	(Source: Finezza)
	Regulatory Evolution of Digital Lending
Regulatory Formalisation
Digital lending has evolved into a more structured 
regulatory framework, with clearly defined 
responsibilities for regulated entities, Lending Service 
Providers (LSPs) and Digital Lending Apps (DLAs).
Responsible Digital Lending
Requirements around Key Fact Statements (KFS), 
cooling-off periods, direct fund flows and borrower 
disclosures are strengthening transparency and 
customer protection across digital lending journeys.
Outlook
Digital lending is poised for strong growth, 
supported by rising smartphone adoption, 
digital public infrastructure, evolving consumer 
behaviour and increasing access to consent-
based financial data. AI-led underwriting, 
alternative data, automated decisioning 
and digital collections will further enhance 
scalability, efficiency and credit access. 
Regulatory evolution is expected to foster a 
more transparent, responsible and resilient 
ecosystem, while co-lending, embedded 
finance and fintech partnerships will strengthen 
distribution and capital efficiency.
FY21 FY26 FY31P
Personal Loan Sanctions, Digital vs Non-digital
₹ trillion
 Digital  Non-Digital
	(Source: Redseer Strategy Consultant)
Opportunity for Kissht
The rapid expansion of digital lending presents a 
significant opportunity for Kissht to scale its technology-
led credit ecosystem, supported by rising digital 
adoption, growing demand for convenient credit and 
increasing formalisation of financial services. Its digital-
first platform, data-led capabilities and lending partner 
network position it to expand customer reach, accelerate 
credit delivery and deepen access to formal credit.
3. Company Overview
Founded in 2016 and headquartered in Mumbai, 
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (“Kissht” or 
the “Company”), is a technology-enabled digital 
lending platform focused on delivering accessible, 
convenient and personalised credit solutions to India’s 
mass market and mass affluent segments. Through 
its NBFC-Middle Layer subsidiary, Si Creva Capital 
Services Private Limited, our Company offers portfolio 
of retail lending products, including Personal Loans and 
Loan Against Property, catering to salaried and self-
employed borrowers.
	Listed on the NSE and BSE in May 2026, Kissht has 
built a strong digital lending ecosystem by integrating 
technology-led customer engagement with a scalable 
and data-driven lending model. We operate a fully 
integrated, cloud-based lending platform that manages 
the entire loan lifecycle, including customer onboarding, 
credit assessment, origination, disbursement, servicing 
and collections.
	Powered by proprietary artificial intelligence and machine 
learning-based underwriting models, Kissht enables 
faster and data-driven credit decisions while maintaining 
a robust risk management framework. Its technology 
stack, comprising proprietary Loan Origination and Loan 
Management Systems, supports operational scalability 
and delivers a seamless customer experience.
	As of March 31, 2026, our Company has served 
approximately 11.76 million cumulative customers 
through a digital ecosystem supported by over 45 
lending and co-lending partners. With a granular loan 
portfolio, a predominantly young and digitally connected 
customer base, and strong analytics capabilities, Kissht 
continues to expand access to formal credit and is well 
positioned to benefit from the growing adoption of 
digital lending in India. We also operate as a Corporate 
Insurance Agent under an Insurance Regulatory 
and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) licence, 
distributing both life and general insurance products.
Business Model
	Our Company owns and operates the Kissht technology 
platform, comprising the customer-facing application, 
backend systems and collections technology 
infrastructure. It also drives marketing and customer 
acquisition activities.
The platform collects limited customer information such 
as name and contact details, which is used solely to 
apply preliminary eligibility filters across its network of 
financing partners. Our Company does not undertake 
KYC verification, credit underwriting or credit decision-
making.
Based on these eligibility filters, customers receive 
loan offers from various regulated lending institutions, 
including Si Creva, our Company’s wholly owned 
subsidiary, and off-book lending partners. Customers 
independently select their preferred lender from the 
available options.
7%
₹2T
₹15T
15%
₹33-36T
20-21%
Management Discussion and Analysis 
6160 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 34]
Product Offerings
Personal Loans (PL)
Personal Loans (PL) represent Kissht’s core lending 
segment, catering to salaried and self-employed 
individuals across India through a digital-first 
lending platform. The product addresses diverse 
financial needs, including business working 
capital, tools and equipment purchases, consumer 
durables, home improvement, education and 
medical expenses.
Our Company offers unsecured personal loans of up 
to ₹5 lakh with repayment tenures of up to five years 
through a fully digital and paperless origination 
journey. Supported by proprietary technology-
driven underwriting and risk assessment models, 
the platform enables efficient customer onboarding, 
credit evaluation and loan servicing while 
maintaining portfolio quality.
With a pan-India digital distribution network, the 
segment has established a wide geographic reach. 
As of March 31, 2026, the Personal Loans portfolio 
recorded AUM of ₹6,548 crore, accounting for 
92.7% of our Company’s total AUM. The segment 
remains the key growth driver, supported by a 
scalable technology platform, diversified borrower 
base and data-led credit assessment capabilities.
Loan Against Property (LAP)
Kissht’s Loan Against Property (LAP) segment 
represents its secured lending portfolio and 
addresses the financing needs of property owners 
(Residential & Commercial Property), MSMEs and 
self-employed borrowers. The segment caters to 
requirements such as business expansion, working 
capital, debt consolidation and other personal 
financial needs.
The business combines digital lead generation 
and model-based underwriting with branch-led 
customer fulfilment, enabling a technology-driven 
yet personalised lending experience. The product 
offers loans of up to ₹30 lakh with repayment 
tenures of up to 15 years, supported by prudent 
underwriting practices and an average loan-to-
value (LTV) ratio of approximately 48%.
As of March 31, 2026, the LAP portfolio reported 
AUM of ₹518 crore, representing 7 .3% of our 
Company’s total AUM. Supported by a network of 
98 branches across eight states and union territory, 
the segment strengthens Kissht’s physical presence 
while enabling deeper customer engagement and 
portfolio diversification.
Opportunities and Threats
Opportunities Threats
• Expanding digital credit adoption in 
India- Increasing smartphone penetration, 
digital payments ecosystem and demand 
for convenient financial solutions create 
significant growth opportunities.
• Intensifying competition in digital 
lending- Increasing participation from 
fintech companies, banks and NBFCs could 
impact customer acquisition costs and 
pricing competitiveness.
• Large underpenetrated consumer 
credit market-  India’s credit penetration 
remains below global benchmarks, offering 
substantial headroom for responsible 
lending growth.
• Regulatory changes-  Evolving digital 
lending regulations, compliance  
requirements and consumer protection 
norms may require continuous investments in 
systems and processes.
• AI and analytics-led lending opportunities- 
Advanced analytics, machine learning and 
alternative data models can further improve 
underwriting accuracy, customer acquisition 
and portfolio performance.
• Macroeconomic volatility-  Economic 
slowdowns, inflationary pressures or changes 
in consumer confidence could impact 
repayment behaviour and credit demand.
• Expansion into new lending segments-  
Opportunities exist to broaden product 
offerings across emerging consumer and 
MSME credit categories.
• Rising cost of capital-  Changes in interest 
rates and liquidity conditions may affect 
funding availability and borrowing costs.
• Strategic partnerships and embedded 
finance-  Collaborations with merchants, 
platforms and financial institutions can enable 
wider distribution and customer acquisition.
• Cybersecurity and data privacy risks-  As 
a technology-driven lender, maintaining 
robust cybersecurity frameworks remains 
critical to protecting customer data and 
sustaining trust.
Management Discussion and Analysis 
6362 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 35]
4. Financial Performance
P&L (₹ in Crore) FY26 FY25 YoY Δ
Total Income 2,209 1,353 63%
Finance cost 282 165 72%
Net Total Income 1,927 1,188 62%
Operating expenses 1,091 645 69%
Pre-provisioning operating profit 836 543 54%
Credit cost 459 327 40%
Profit before tax 377 216 74%
Tax expense 96 55 71%
Profit after tax 281 161 75%
Basic EPS (₹/ Share) 46.8 33.1 41%
Diluted EPS (₹/ Share) 21.4 12.8 67%
Ratios FY26 FY25 YoY Δ
Return on Avg. AUM (%) 5.05% 4.80% + 25 bps
Return on Avg. Equity (%) 23.97% 17.74% + 622 bps
GNPA (%) 2.12% 2.89% - 77 bps
NNPA (%) 0.29% 0.25% +4 bps
Debt-to-Equity  1.78  1.50 + 0.29 x
Capital to Risk Assets Ratio (%)* 25.28% 25.18% + 10 bps
*Pertains to subsidiary NBFC
Analysis of Financial Performance
Total Income
	Total Income increased by 63% to ₹2,209 crore in 
FY26 from ₹1,353 crore in FY25, supported by the 
expansion of our Company’s lending portfolio and 
higher business volumes. This growth was primarily 
driven by the expansion of our Company’s Assets 
Under Management (AUM) increasing to ₹7 ,066 crore 
in FY26 from ₹4,087 crore in FY25, representing a 
growth of 73%. The increase in AUM was driven by 
healthy disbursement volumes with continued customer 
acquisition during the year. Our diversified lending 
partnerships and scalable digital origination platform 
further enabled it to expand its lending operations and 
income base.
	Finance Costs
	Finance Costs increased to ₹282 crore in FY26 from 
₹165 crore in FY25, reflecting a growth of 72%. The 
increase was primarily attributable to the increased 
funding requirements associated with our Company’s 
business expansion. Total borrowings stood at ₹2,396 
crore in FY26 from ₹1,508 crore in FY25.
Operating Expenses
Operating Expenses increased by 69% to ₹1,091 
crore in FY26 from ₹645 crore in FY25, reflecting 
the costs associated with scaling our operations and 
strengthening its operating infrastructure. We continued 
to invest in technology, automation, digital capabilities 
and customer servicing infrastructure during the year, 
while expanding our lending operations across products 
and distribution channels. These investments supported 
our ability to handle higher business volumes and build 
capabilities for future scale.
	Credit Cost
Credit Cost increased by 40% to ₹459 crore in FY26 
from ₹327 crore in FY25, in the context of continued 
expansion of our lending portfolio. However, the growth 
in credit cost remained lower than the growth in AUM. 
Our disciplined underwriting framework, continuous 
portfolio monitoring and automated collections 
infrastructure supported portfolio performance during 
the year. This was reflected in the improvement in 
GNPA, while NNPA remained at a low level, supported by 
prudent provisioning and credit risk management.
Profit Before Tax (PBT)
	Profit Before Tax (PBT) increased by 74% to ₹377 
crore in FY26 from ₹216 crore in FY25, reflecting the 
strong growth in our income base and the resulting 
improvement in earnings. The increase in PBT was 
achieved despite higher finance costs, operating 
expenses and credit costs, supported by our ability to 
scale our lending operations and maintain disciplined 
portfolio and cost management. Improved asset quality 
and operating leverage further supported the overall 
improvement in profitability. Continued investments in 
technology and automation also enhanced productivity 
and operational efficiency, contributing to the 
improvement in PBT.
	Profit After Tax (PAT)
	Profit After Tax (PAT) increased by 75% year-on-
year to ₹281 crore in FY26, broadly in line with the 
growth in PBT discussed above. Return on Average 
AUM (RoAA) improved to 5.05% in FY26 from 4.80% 
in FY25, registering an improvement of 25 bps. Return 
on Average Equity (RoAE) improved to 23.97% in FY26 
from 17.74% in FY25, representing an improvement of 
622 bps.
	Assets Under Management (AUM)
Our Assets Under Management (AUM) grew 73% year-
on-year to ₹7 ,066 crore as of March 31, 2026, driven by 
strong disbursement momentum, customer acquisition 
and deeper engagement with our existing customer 
base. The growth was supported by our technology-
enabled origination platform, data-driven underwriting 
capabilities and diversified lending partnerships, 
enabling scalable expansion while maintaining 
portfolio quality.
	Funding Model and Co-lending Partnerships
	As of March 31, 2026, approximately ₹3,510 crore, 
representing ~50% of the total AUM, was managed 
through the off-book model in partnership with eight 
lending institutions. Supported by over 45 lending and 
co-lending partners, the partnership-led model enables 
us to expand our lending footprint, optimize capital 
utilization and enhance balance sheet efficiency.
The diversified funding ecosystem provides operational 
flexibility while supporting sustainable portfolio growth.
	Asset Quality and Collections
Our GNPA ratio improved to 2.12% as of March 31, 2026, 
registering a 77 bps improvement over the previous 
year. The improvement reflects the effectiveness 
of our underwriting framework, portfolio monitoring 
capabilities and robust collection infrastructure.
	NNPA remained low at 0.29%, supported by prudent 
provisioning practices and disciplined credit 
risk management.
We continued to strengthen our collections framework 
through our proprietary Automated Collections System, 
with over 95% of collection activities managed in-
house and digital collections accounting for 99.2% of 
total collections.
	The adoption of digital collection channels, supported 
by data-driven monitoring and customer engagement 
initiatives, improved repayment efficiency and enabled 
disciplined portfolio management.
	Capital Position
Our Company’s net worth increased 33% year-on-year 
to ₹1,343 crore, built on retained earnings and organic 
profitability generated prior to the Initial Public Offering 
(IPO), a testament to the capital efficiency of the 
business model.
	As of March 31, 2026, the Capital to Risk Assets Ratio 
(CRAR) stood at 25.28%, with Tier-I capital at 24.40%, 
reflecting a strong capital position and adequate 
headroom for future growth. The debt-to-equity 
ratio remained comfortable at 1.78x, enabling us to 
pursue expansion opportunities while maintaining 
financial flexibility.
Management Discussion and Analysis 
6564 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 36]
5. Risk Management
	We have established a comprehensive risk management framework to identify, assess, monitor and mitigate key 
risks across our operations. The framework is designed to support prudent growth, maintain portfolio resilience and 
ensure adherence to regulatory and internal risk standards.
	The risk management structure comprises the Risk Management Committee, Audit Committee and IT Strategy 
Committee. Each committee oversees specific aspects of our risk profile, including credit and portfolio risk, liquidity 
and funding, technology and information security, internal controls and regulatory compliance.
	The Board of Directors provides overall oversight of the risk management framework, including review of the 
Company’s risk appetite, policies and risk profile. Our approach combines data-driven monitoring, technology-
enabled controls, regular risk assessment and defined escalation mechanisms to identify emerging risks and enable 
timely mitigation.
Risk Description Mitigation Measures
Credit risk
Risk arising from a 
borrower’s inability or 
unwillingness to meet 
repayment obligations, 
impacting portfolio quality 
and profitability.
• Integrated fraud and credit risk models:  Fraud detection is driven by a combination of 
facial recognition, identity triangulation and digital data analysis to detect and prevent 
fraud with high precision. Credit underwriting utilises bureau information, alternative data 
sources, and automated decision engines to assess borrower creditworthiness.
• Portfolio monitoring:  Technology-enabled dashboards and risk indicators track 
delinquency trends, vintage performance, customer segments, bureau score movements, 
geographic exposure and repayment behaviour.
• Collections & recovery:  Data-driven collection strategies, digital tools and customer 
engagement initiatives support timely recoveries and asset quality management.
Portfolio 
concentration risk
Risk arises from excessive 
exposure to a particular 
geography, customer 
segment, product, ticket 
size or lending partner, 
which could amplify 
portfolio impact if 
conditions deteriorate in 
any one segment.
• Geographic & product diversification:  Maintain exposure across multiple geographies 
and products, including personal loans and LAP, to reduce dependence on any single 
market or product segment.
• Multi-partner lending model:  Leverage multiple lending partners and a mix of on-book 
and off-book origination to diversify portfolio and funding exposure.
• Data-led exposure monitoring:  Monitor portfolio concentrations across key customer 
and risk segments using defined thresholds, early-warning triggers and periodic portfolio 
reviews to enable timely corrective action.
Liquidity risk 
Risk of inability to meet 
financial obligations or 
support business growth 
due to inadequate liquidity 
or funding availability.
• Diversified funding:  Maintains a broad funding profile through banks, financial 
institutions and lending partners to reduce concentration risk.
• Asset-liability management:  Regular monitoring of asset and liability maturity profiles, 
cash flows and funding requirements to manage liquidity gaps.
• Liquidity monitoring:  Defined internal thresholds, stress assessments and liquidity 
buffers ensure business continuity.
Market risk
Risk arising from changes 
in interest rates, economic 
conditions and market 
dynamics impacting 
funding costs, margins and 
portfolio performance.
• Interest rate monitoring:  Evaluates interest rate movements and their impact on 
borrowing costs, pricing and spreads.
• Macroeconomic assessment:  Monitors economic indicators such as growth, 
inflation and employment trends to assess potential impact on credit demand and 
repayment behaviour.
• Portfolio management:  Mitigates exposure through prudent risk-based pricing, product 
diversification and regular portfolio reviews.
Risk Description Mitigation Measures
Operational risk
Risk arising from 
inadequate processes, 
human errors, system 
failures or external 
disruptions affecting 
business operations.
• Process controls:  Standard operating procedures, approval frameworks and automated 
workflows enhance efficiency and control.
• Business continuity:  Disaster recovery plans and periodic testing ensure operational 
resilience during disruptions.
• Third-party risk management:  Vendor due diligence, service-level agreements and 
performance reviews manage outsourcing risks.
• Internal controls:  Maker-checker controls, segregation of duties, audits and policy 
reviews strengthen governance.
Technology and 
Cybersecurity risk
Risk arising from 
dependence on digital 
platforms, cloud 
infrastructure and potential 
cybersecurity threats.
• Digital infrastructure:  Investments in scalable technology architecture support 
operational efficiency and growth.
• Data protection:  Encryption, access controls, vulnerability assessments and monitoring 
mechanisms safeguard customer information, supported by ISO 27001 and SOC 
2 certifications.
• Technology governance:  Periodic security reviews, system upgrades, employee 
awareness programmes and disaster recovery mechanisms strengthen cyber resilience. 
Independent audits covering KYC, information systems, cybersecurity and data 
localisation provide additional assurance over our technology and control environment.
Regulatory and 
Compliance risk
Risk arising from 
changes in regulatory 
requirements, impacting 
business operations and 
compliance obligations.
• Regulatory compliance:  Adherence to applicable guidelines issued by the Reserve 
Bank of India including the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023, to strengthen data 
privacy, security and responsible handling of personal information.
• Compliance framework:  Documented policies, regulatory tracking, periodic reviews and 
reporting mechanisms ensure compliance.
• Governance oversight:  Board and senior management oversight through defined 
governance structures and internal controls.
Fraud risk
Risk of financial loss 
or operational impact 
arising from fraudulent 
activities across customer 
onboarding, lending and 
servicing processes.
• Fraud prevention: Digital verification, automated validations and risk-based 
authentication mechanisms reduce fraud exposure.
• Monitoring & detection:  Analytics, transaction monitoring and exception reporting 
identify suspicious activities.
• Investigation & response:  Established investigation procedures and corrective actions 
strengthen controls and prevent recurrence.
6. Internal Control System, Adequacy and Compliance
	The Company has established an adequate system of internal controls commensurate with the nature, scale and 
complexity of its operations. The internal control framework is designed to ensure the orderly and efficient conduct 
of business, safeguarding of assets, accuracy and reliability of financial reporting, compliance with applicable laws 
and regulations, and timely identification and mitigation of operational risks. Standard operating procedures, defined 
authority matrices and technology-enabled controls govern critical processes across customer onboarding, KYC, 
credit assessment, loan disbursement, servicing, collections, treasury and financial reporting. The Company has 
an independent internal audit function with periodic audits conducted based on an audit plan approved by the Audit 
Committee. The internal audit framework is aligned with applicable regulatory requirements and relevant guidance, 
including the ICAI Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls. Audit findings and recommendations are 
reviewed by the management and the Audit Committee, and corrective actions are implemented and monitored to 
strengthen the overall control environment. The management believes that the existing internal control systems are 
adequate and effective in supporting the Company’s business objectives and governance framework.
Management Discussion and Analysis 
6766 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 37]
	Employee Engagement and Well-being
A range of engagement initiatives across the corporate 
office and branch network foster collaboration, 
celebrate diversity and support employee well-being. 
These initiatives help build a connected, motivated and 
inclusive workplace.
	Recognising Performance and Excellence
Our Company reinforces a strong performance-
driven culture through monthly, half-yearly and 
special recognition programmes. High-performing 
employees and branches are recognised through 
certificates, awards, performance-linked incentives 
and other rewards, encouraging meritocracy and 
continuous improvement.
	Supported by competitive compensation, performance-
linked incentives and employee welfare initiatives, 
we continue to strengthen engagement, build 
organisational capabilities and attract and retain talent. 
As of March 31, 2026, we have 2,081 employees.
	For more information, refer to page 38
9. Corporate Social Responsibility
	We believe that sustainable growth is driven by 
responsible business practices and meaningful 
contributions to society. Through our Corporate 
Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives, our Company 
aims to support social and economic development in 
the communities we serves, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and our approved 
CSR Policy.
	During the year, we undertook CSR initiatives across 
identified focus areas, with an emphasis on creating 
measurable and long-term impact. The CSR Committee 
of the Board provides oversight on programme selection, 
implementation and utilisation of funds, ensuring 
effective governance and transparency. Going forward, 
we remain committed to supporting impactful initiatives 
that align with our values and contribute towards 
inclusive and sustainable development.
For more information, refer to page 34
10. Outlook
	The long-term outlook for India’s digital lending 
industry remains favourable, supported by increasing 
formalisation of credit, rising digital adoption and 
expanding financial inclusion. While the operating 
environment may continue to be influenced by 
macroeconomic developments and evolving regulatory 
requirements, our technology-led business model, 
prudent risk management framework and diversified 
product portfolio position us well to capitalise on 
emerging opportunities.
	During FY27 , we will remain focused on delivering 
strong AUM growth while maintaining disciplined 
underwriting standards and portfolio quality. Strategic 
priorities include scaling the secured lending portfolio, 
strengthening AI-driven credit underwriting and 
collections, enhancing customer experience through 
digital innovation, and improving operating efficiencies 
through automation and data analytics.
Our Company expects to further strengthen its asset 
quality by maintaining prudent risk selection, reducing 
credit costs and improving portfolio resilience. At the 
same time, we will continue to focus on profitable 
growth, supported by disciplined capital allocation, 
robust governance practices and a scalable 
technology platform.
	Over the long term, our strategy remains centred on 
building a resilient and sustainable lending franchise 
capable of delivering consistent value across economic 
cycles. By combining technology, responsible lending 
practices and customer-centric innovation, Kissht is well 
positioned to strengthen its market position and create 
sustainable long-term value for all stakeholders.
11. Cautionary Statement
Statements made in this Management Discussion 
& Analysis describing the Company’s objectives, 
projections, estimates, expectations or predictions 
may constitute ‘forward-looking statements’ within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. 
These statements are based on certain assumptions and 
expectations of future events and are subject to various 
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied. Factors that may influence the Company’s 
performance include, but are not limited to, changes 
in economic conditions, regulatory developments, 
competitive intensity, interest rate movements, 
availability of funding, technological advancements, 
customer preferences and other factors beyond the 
Company’s control. Readers are therefore advised 
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking 
statements. The Company undertakes no obligation 
to publicly update or revise any forward-looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise, except as required under 
applicable law.
7 . Technology & Digital Infrastructure
Technology is at the core of our operating model, enabling seamless execution across the lending lifecycle, including 
customer acquisition, digital onboarding, underwriting, disbursement, servicing and collections. Through continuous 
investments in technology, data science and automation, we have developed a proprietary digital lending ecosystem 
that enhances operational efficiency, strengthens risk management and supports scalable growth.
Our integrated technology platform connects customers, merchants, lending partners and internal teams through 
scalable backend systems, enabling faster processing, improved decision-making and a seamless lending 
experience. Cloud-based infrastructure, advanced analytics and automation capabilities continue to drive process 
optimisation and business expansion across products and channels.
Focus area Key highlights
Technology 	
infrastructure
We operate a secure, cloud-native and scalable technology architecture designed to support 
multiple products and lending partnerships. Our configurable Business Rules Engine (BRE), 
modular Loan Origination System (LOS) and flexible Loan Management System (LMS) enable 
efficient partner integration, regulatory compliance and operational control. Continuous 
investments in in-house technology development have strengthened product agility and reduced 
dependence on third-party solutions.
Digital 
lending platform
Our end-to-end digital lending platform integrates customer acquisition, credit assessment, loan 
origination, servicing and collections through a unified ecosystem. Digital interfaces for customers, 
merchants, field teams and lending partners enable real-time lead management, faster approvals, 
improved visibility and enhanced operational productivity.
Artificial 
intelligence & 
data analytics
We leverage Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML) and advanced analytics across 
credit underwriting, fraud detection, customer segmentation and collections. We also reduced 
average response time from approximately 200 seconds to less than 90 seconds, enabling 
faster and more consistent customer interactions. Additionally, proprietary models, developed 
using insights from more than 10 billion data points, strengthen credit assessment and 
risk differentiation.
Data security, 
privacy 
and regulatory 	
compliance
We have embedded enterprise-grade security and compliance controls across our technology 
platform to safeguard customer data and strengthen regulatory adherence. These include 
encryption of data at rest and in transit, secure data storage, cybersecurity measures and 
continuous compliance monitoring to proactively identify and manage risks while reinforcing trust 
in the digital platform.
Technology-
enabled customer 	
experience
Digital onboarding, automated workflows and integrated customer servicing platforms enable 
faster processing and seamless engagement throughout the loan lifecycle. Technology-driven 
capabilities have improved turnaround times, reduced operational friction and enhanced 
customer convenience.
We will continue to strengthen our technology 
capabilities through investments in artificial intelligence, 
automation, cloud infrastructure and advanced analytics. 
These initiatives are expected to enhance underwriting 
capabilities, improve operational efficiency, accelerate 
product innovation and enable scalable growth, 
reinforcing our position as a technology-led financial 
services platform.
8. Human Resources
We are committed to building an entrepreneurial, 
inclusive and innovation-driven workplace that fosters 
collaboration, continuous learning and professional 
growth. Our merit-based culture emphasises diversity, 
equal opportunity and respect, creating an environment 
where employees can thrive and contribute meaningfully.
Attracting and Retaining Talent
	We continue to strengthen our talent pipeline through 
fair and inclusive hiring practices, robust background 
verification and engaging candidate experiences. 
Informal coffee chats and structured interactions 
help build meaningful connections with prospective 
employees even before they join.
	Learning and Development
	Structured learning programmes focus on technical, 
functional, managerial and behavioural capabilities, 
supporting continuous skill development and future 
readiness. Mandatory training covers critical areas 
such as regulatory compliance, POSH, AML, KYC 
and cybersecurity.
Management Discussion and Analysis 
6968 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 38]
Boards’ Report
Dear Shareholders,
The Board of Directors of the Company ( “Board”) are pleased to present the 10 th Annual Report ( “Report” ) along 
with the Audited Financial Statements (Standalone and Consolidated) for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.
1.	 SUMMARY OF THE COMPANY’S FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE:
 (Amount in ₹ Million)
Particulars
Standalone Consolidated
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Total Income 7,343.03 3,216.04 22,091.29 13,526.88
Less: Expenditure (before depreciation, interest and 
tax)
5,258.64 2,371.06 15,285.77 9,493.20
Net Profit for the year (before depreciation, 
interest and tax)
2,084.39 844.98 6,805.52 4,033.68
Less: Depreciation 131.67 139.55 216.17 227.02
Less: Interest 31.87 37.00 2,822.51 1,644.02
Net Profit for the year (before tax) 1,920.85 668.43 3,766.84 2,162.64
Less: Current Tax 589.60 210.38 1,284.10 379.37
Less: Deferred tax (110.22) (50.82) (332.85) 159.14
Less: (Excess)/short provision of tax for earlier years 0.23 (0.11) 1.07 17.92
Net Profit after Tax for the year 1,441.24 508.98 2,814.52 1,606.21
Profit & Loss brought forward 961.67 451.26 2,713.47 1,370.97
Transfer to Statutory Reserve - - (296.47) (256.77)
Transfer from Share based Payment reserve 2.08 1.29 2.08 2.26
Other comprehensive income (1.02) 0.14 (3.38) (9.20)
Profit to be carried forward 2,403.97 961.67 5,230.22 2,713.47
	 	The statement containing salient features of the 
financial statements of the Company’s material 
subsidiary i.e. Si Creva Capital Services Private 
Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary (“ Si Creva ” or 
“Subsidiary Company ”), in the prescribed format 
Form AOC-1, is appended as Annexure III  to 
this Report.
	 	The Company incorporated Invincible Minds Private 
Limited as its wholly owned subsidiary on June 
17 , 2026. Since the wholly owned subsidiary was 
incorporated after the financial year ended March 
31, 2026, it was not in existence during the said 
financial year. Accordingly, the financial information 
of Invincible Minds Private Limited has not been 
included in the consolidated financial statements or 
in Form AOC-1, containing the salient features of the 
financial statements of the subsidiary, annexed to 
this Report.
2.	 TRANSFER TO GENERAL RESERVES:
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the Company has 
not transferred any amount to the general reserves 
of the Company.
3.	 	DIVIDEND AND DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION POLICY:
	 	The Board of Directors has not recommended 
any dividend for the financial year ended March 
31, 2026.
	 	Pursuant to Regulation 43A of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(as amended) (“ SEBI Listing Regulations ”), the 
Company has adopted a Dividend Distribution Policy 
and the same is available on the website of the 
Company at www.kissht.com .
	 	Since no dividend has been declared by the 
Company since its incorporation, there is no unpaid 
or unclaimed dividend amount required to be 
transferred to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund (“ IEPF ”) pursuant to the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”).
4.	 STATE OF COMPANY’S AFFAIR:
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the Company’s 
revenue from operations increased to ₹ 6,981.74 
million from ₹ 3,061.79 million in the previous 
financial year 2024-25. Further, the Company 
reported a profit of ₹ 1,441.24 million, as compared 
to ₹ 508.98 million in the previous financial year 
2024-25.
	 	The improved financial performance was driven 
by growth in the Company’s business operations, 
continued focus on operational efficiency, prudent 
cost management and disciplined execution of 
its business strategy. The management remains 
focused on strengthening the Company’s business, 
enhancing operational efficiencies, driving 
sustainable revenue growth and creating long-term 
value for its stakeholders.
5.	 	CHANGE IN THE STATUS OF COMPANY:
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the Company 
was converted from a private limited company 
to a public limited company pursuant to the 
applicable provisions of the Act and the rules 
made thereunder. Consequent to the conversion, 
the name of the Company was changed from 
“OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited ” 
to “ OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited ”, and a 
fresh Certificate of Incorporation dated July 08, 
2025 was issued by the Registrar of Companies, 
Mumbai - I at Mumbai. It also embarked on 
a historic journey of initial public offering of 
its equity shares, comprising a Fresh Issue of 
4,97 ,07 ,602 equity shares of ₹ 1/- each and an 
Offer for Sale of 44,39,788 equity shares of ₹ 1/- 
each aggregating to ₹ 9,259.20 million. Pursuant 
to the successful completion of the IPO, the Equity 
Shares of the Company were listed on BSE Limited 
and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
(collectively known as “ Stock Exchanges”) w.e.f. 
May 08, 2026.
6.	 	CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL OF THE COMPANY:
	 	Increase in the Authorised Share Capital:
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the authorised 
share capital of the Company increased from 
existing ₹ 19,95,52,800/-, comprising of 
60,00,000 equity shares having face value of ₹ 
10/- each, 1,07 ,00,000 preference shares having 
face value of ₹ 10/- each, 20 optionally convertible 
redeemable non-cumulative preference shares 
having face value of ₹ 100/- each and 3,25,508 
preference shares having face value of ₹ 
100/- each to ₹ 36,95,52,800/- comprising of 
2,30,00,000 equity shares having face value 
of ₹ 10/- each, 1,07 ,00,000 preference shares 
having face value of ₹ 10/- each, 20 optionally 
convertible redeemable non-cumulative  
preference shares having face value of ₹ 100/- 
each and 3,25,508 preference shares having face 
value of ₹ 100/- each. 
	 	Sub-division (split) of equity shares of the 
Company:
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the Company 
has sub-divided (split) its authorised equity share 
capital from ₹ 23,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty 
Three Crores only) consisting of 2,30,00,000 
(Two Crores Thirty Lakhs) equity shares, having 
face value of ₹ 10 (Indian Rupees Ten only) each 
to ₹ 23,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees Twenty Three 
Crores only) consisting of 23,00,00,000 (Twenty 
Three Crores) equity shares having face value of ₹ 1 
(Indian Rupee One only) each (“Sub-Division”).
	 	Paid up Share Capital:
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the paid-up share capital of the Company has increased from ₹ 10,68,34,683/- 
to ₹ 11,87 ,75,420/-, details of which are mentioned hereunder: 
Type of Security 
allotted
Date of 
allotment Name
No. of 
Equity/
Preference 
Shares
Issue price 
per share 
(₹)
Total amount 	
received (₹) Remarks
Series Z4 
compulsorily 
convertible 
cumulative 
preference 
shares
06-06-2025 Mr. Sachin Ramesh 
Tendulkar
17,926 2,232 NA Allotment made for 
consideration other 
than cash
Series Z4 
compulsorily 
convertible 
cumulative 
preference 
shares
28-06-2025 Mr. Sachin Ramesh 
Tendulkar
17,926 2,232 NA Allotment made for 
consideration other 
than cash
7170 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 39]
Type of Security 
allotted
Date of 
allotment Name
No. of 
Equity/
Preference 
Shares
Issue price 
per share 
(₹)
Total amount 	
received (₹) Remarks
Series Z1 
Optionally 
Convertible 
Redeemable 
Preference 
Shares 
10-07-2025
(being the 
date of receipt 
of balance 
consideration)
InnoVen Capital India 
Private Limited
45,021 699.67 ₹ 3,14,54,822.07/- Conversion of partly 
paid up to fully paid-
up shares pursuant 
to receipt of final call 
money.
Equity Shares 21-07-2025 1. 	Mr. Karan Mehta
2. 	Ms. Sonali Jindal
10,000 1 ₹ 10,000 Equity shares 
allotted pursuant to 
exercise of ESOPs
Series E1 
Compulsorily 
Convertible 
Preference 
Shares 
22-07-2025
(being the 
date of receipt 
of balance 
consideration)
1. 	Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan
2. 	Mr. Ranvir Singh
1,19,416 100 ₹ 1,18,22,184/- Partly paid up to 
fully paid-up Series 
E1 Compulsorily 
Convertible 
Preference Shares of 
the Company
Series Z1 
Compulsory 
Convertible 
Preference 
Shares
23-07-2025
(being the 
date of receipt 
of balance 
consideration)
Trifecta Venture
Debt Fund-III
31,797 1,415.20 ₹ 4,49,67,317.4 /- Partly paid up to 
fully paid-up Series 
Z1 Compulsorily 
Convertible 
Preference Shares of 
the Company
Series Z2 
Compulsory 
Convertible 
Preference 
Shares 
23-07-2025
(being the 
date of receipt 
of balance 
consideration)
Trifecta Venture
Debt Fund-III
25,068 1,994.64 ₹ 4,99,76,567.52/- Partly paid up to 
fully paid-up Series 
Z2 Compulsorily 
Convertible 
Preference Shares of 
the Company
Series Z3 
Compulsory 
Convertible 
Preference 
Shares 
24-07-2025
(being the 
date of receipt 
of balance 
consideration)
Alteria Capital Fund 
III — Scheme A
17,840 2017.90 ₹ 3,59,81,496/- Partly paid up to 
fully paid-up Series 
Z3 Compulsorily 
Convertible 
Preference Shares of 
the Company
Series Z3 
Compulsory 
Convertible 
Preference 
Shares 
24-07-2025
(being the 
date of receipt 
of balance 
consideration)
Alteria Capital Fund 
II — Scheme I
4,461 2017.90 ₹ 89,97,390.90/- Partly paid up to 
fully paid-up Series 
Z3 Compulsorily 
Convertible 
Preference Shares of 
the Company
Equity Shares 30-07-2025 *Mr. Ranvir Singh  4,50,210 1 NA Allotment made for 
consideration other 
than cash
Equity Shares 25-11-2025 Ms. Neha Shivran 12,000 1 ₹ 12,000/- Equity shares 
allotted pursuant to 
exercise of ESOPs
Equity Shares 25-02-2026 1. 	AION Advisory 
Services LLP
2. 	Vertex Ventures 
SEA Fund III Pte Ltd
3. 	Vertex Growth Fund 
Pte Ltd
4. 	Vertex Growth Fund 
II Pte Ltd
5. 	Ammar Sdn Bhd 
1,67,01,670 1 NA Conversion of Series 
E compulsorily 
convertible 
preference shares 
into equity shares of 
the Company
Type of Security 
allotted
Date of 
allotment Name
No. of 
Equity/
Preference 
Shares
Issue price 
per share 
(₹)
Total amount 	
received (₹) Remarks
Equity Shares 25-02-2026 Ms. Manasi Bhalla  2140 1 NA Conversion of Series 
B compulsorily 
convertible 
preference shares 
into equity shares
of the Company
Equity Shares 25-02-2026 Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan, 
Mr. Ranvir Singh,
VenturEast Proactive 
Fund II-VenturEast 
Proactive Fund II, 
The Technology 
Venture Fund
Ventureast Proactive 
Fund, VenturEast 
Proactive Fund LLC, 
VenturEast Sedco 
Proactive Fund LLC,
Endiya Seed 
Co-creation Fund, 
Mr. Tej Kapoor, 
Mr. Krishnavataram 
Venkata Vinjamuri, 
Mr. Ankit Aggarwal,
Mr. Vipin Aggarwal, 
Mr. Ajay Lakhotia, 
Vertex Ventures 
SEA Fund III Pte Ltd, 
Sistema Asia Fund 
Pte Ltd,
Sistema Asia Fund 
India Ventures, 
Trifecta Venture 
Debt Fund-III, Alteria 
Capital Fund III-
Scheme
A, Alteria Capital 
Fund II-Scheme I, 
Mr. Sachin Ramesh 
Tendulkar
4,78,66,860 1 NA Conversion of (i) 
786,684 Series A 
CCPS; (ii) 488,049 
Series B CCPS; (iii) 
1,629,078 Series C 
CCPS; (iv) 703,903 
Series D1 CCPS; (v) 
119,416 Series E1 
CCPS; (vi) 31,797 
Series Z1 CCPS; (vii) 
25,068 Series Z2 
CCPS; (viii) 22,301 
Series Z3 CCPS; and 
(ix) 53,778 Series 
Z4 CCPS into
equity shares of the 
Company
Equity Shares 26-03-2026 1. 	Mr. Sanjay 
Shamnani
2. 	Mr. Vinayak Khanna
1,01,670 1 ₹ 1,01,670 Equity shares 
allotted pursuant to 
exercise of ESOPs
	 	*On July 30, 2025, the Board of Directors noted that, InnoVen Capital India Private Limited transferred 45,021 (Forty-Five Thousand 
Twenty-One) Series Z1 Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares of the Company (“ Series Z1 OCRPS ”) to Mr. Ranvir 
Singh at a consideration of ₹ 1,250 per Series Z1 OCRPS, aggregating to ₹ 56,276,250 (Rupees Five Crore Sixty-Two Lakh Seventy-
Six Thousand Two Hundred and Fifty Only).
7.	 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFER:
	 	The Board of Directors and the Shareholders of the 
Company, at their respective meetings held on July 
30, 2025 and July 31, 2025, approved the proposal 
to undertake an Initial Public Offer ( “IPO” ) of the 
equity shares of the Company comprising of Fresh 
Issue of equity shares and an Offer for Sale by 
certain existing shareholders.
	 	Pursuant thereto, the Board approved the Draft Red 
Herring Prospectus ( “DRHP”) on August 18, 2025, 
which was subsequently filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India ( “SEBI”), BSE Limited 
and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
The Company received in-principle approvals from 
both the Stock Exchanges on November 11, 2025 
and thereafter filed the Red Herring Prospectus 
Boards’ Report
7372 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 40]
(“RHP” ) dated April 25, 2026 with the Registrar of 
Companies, Mumbai - I at Mumbai and SEBI.
	 	The IPO was open for subscription from April 30, 
2026 to May 05, 2026. Pursuant to the successful 
completion of the IPO, the Company allotted 
5,41,47 ,390 equity shares of face value ₹1 each at 
an issue price of ₹ 171 per equity share (including a 
share premium of ₹ 170 per equit y share) comprising:
	 i)	 	a Fresh Issue of 4,97 ,07 ,602 equity shares 
aggregating to ₹ 8,500.00 million; and
	 ii)	 	an Offer for Sale of 44,39,788 equity shares by 
certain existing shareholders aggregating to 
₹ 759.20 million.
	 	Accordingly, the total issue size aggregated to 
₹ 9,259.20 million.
	 	The IPO was oversubscribed across all investor 
categories, reflecting strong investor confidence in 
the Company’s business and growth prospects.
	 	The net proceeds from the Fresh Issue aggregated 
to ₹ 7 ,940.85 million, after deducting the issue-
related expenses borne by the Company. The net 
proceeds are being utilised in accordance with the 
objects of the issue as set out below:
Particulars Amount
(₹ in million)
Augmenting the capital base of our 
Subsidiary, Si Creva, to meet its future capital 
requirements arising out of the growth of our 
Subsidiary, Si Creva’s business
6,375.00
General corporate purposes^ 1,565.85
Net Proceeds 7,940.85
	 	^The amount to be utilised for general corporate purposes 
shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.
	 	 	The equity shares of the Company were listed 
on BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited with effect from May 08, 2026, 
marking a significant milestone in the Company’s 
growth journey and enabling it to access the Indian 
capital markets.
	 	Pursuant to the allotment made under the IPO on May 
06, 2026, the paid-up equity share capital increased 
to ₹ 16,84,83,022, comprising 16,84,83,022 equity 
shares of face value ₹ 1/- each.
8.	 	MATERIAL CHANGES AND COMMITMENTS, 
IF ANY, AFFECTING THE FINANCIAL 
POSITION OF THE COMPANY, WHICH HAVE 
OCCURRED SINCE THE END OF THE YEAR 
AND TILL THE DATE OF THE REPORT:
	 	There are no material changes and commitments 
affecting the financial position of the Company, 
which have occurred between the end of the 
financial year of the Company, i.e. March 31, 2026 
and the date of this Report except specifically 
mentioned in this Report.
9.	 COPY OF THE ANNUAL RETURN:
	 	The Annual Return as provided under section 92(3) 
of the Companies Act, 2013, in the prescribed form 
is hosted on the Company’s website and can be 
accessed at www.kissht.com . 
10.	 BOARD OF DIRECTORS:
	 	As on March 31, 2026, the Board of Directors of the 
Company comprised of 6 (six) Directors, consisting 
of 2 (two) Executive Directors, 1 (one) Non-Executive 
Nominee Director and 3 (three) Independent 
Directors, including 1 (one) Independent Woman 
Director. The composition of the Board is in 
compliance with the requirements of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and SEBI Listing Regulations.
	 	The composition of the Board as on the date of this Report is set out below:
Sr. 
No. Name of Directors Designation DIN
1. Mr. Ranvir Singh Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 06673951
2. Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director 07191366
3. Mr. Yogesh Chadha Independent Director 01681680
4. Mr. Alok Bansal Independent Director 01653526
5. Ms. Sangeeta Tanwani Independent Director 03321646
	 	All Directors hold office in accordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, the Articles 
of Association of the Company and SEBI Listing 
Regulations and are appointed or re-appointed, 
wherever applicable, with the approval of the 
Members of the Company.
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, 14 (fourteen) 
meetings of the Board of Directors were held. The 
gap between any two consecutive Board meetings 
was within the period prescribed under the Act and 
SEBI Listing Regulations.
	 	The details of the meetings of the Board of Directors 
and its committees, including the attendance of the 
Directors thereat, are provided in the Corporate 
Governance Report, which forms an integral part of 
this Report
11.	 	KEY MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL (“KMP”):
	 	Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2(51) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, the following were the KMP 
as on March 31, 2026:
Name of KMP Designation
Mr. Ranvir Singh Chairman, Chief Executive 
Officer and Executive Director
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan Chief Financial Officer and 
Executive Director
Ms. Shraddha Rajkumar 
Patangia
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer
1 2.		CHANGES IN DIRECTORS AND KEY 
MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL: 
	 	During the financial year ended March 31, 2026 and 
upto the date of this Report, the following changes 
took place in the composition of the Board of 
Directors and the KMP of the Company:
	 1.	 	Mr. Alok Bansal (DIN: 01653526) and 
Ms. Sangeeta Tanwani (DIN: 03321646) were 
appointed as Independent Directors of the 
Company with effect from June 16, 2025.
	 2.	 	Mr. Atul Bheda (DIN: 03502424) was appointed 
as an Independent Director of the Company 
with effect from July 08, 2025.
	 3 . 		M r .  R a n v i r  S i n g h  ( D I N :  0 6 6 7 3 9 5 1 )  w a s  
appointed as the Chairman of the Company 
with effect from July 08, 2025.
	 4.	 	Mr. Amit Gupta resigned from the position of 
Chief Financial Officer and KMP with effect 
from July 17, 2025.
	 5.	 	Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan (DIN: 07191366) 
was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company with effect from July 21, 2025.
	 6.	 	Mr. Sateesh Andra, Mr. Siddhartha Das and 
Mr. James Tze Wei Lee resigned as Non-
Executive Nominee Directors of the Company 
with effect from July 29, 2025. 
	 7 .	 	Mr. Atul Bheda (DIN: 03502424) resigned 
as a Independent Director with effect from 
November 26, 2025, due to personal reasons.
	 8.	 	Mr. Yogesh Chadha (DIN: 01681680) was 
appointed as an Independent Director of the 
Company with effect from December 02, 2025.
	 9.	 	Mr. Ranvir Singh (DIN: 06673951) was re-
appointed as an Executive Director w.e.f. 
January 03, 2026 to January 02, 2031.
	 10.	 	Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan (DIN: 07191366) 
was re-appointed as an Executive Director 
of the Company w.e.f. June 27 , 2026 to June 
26, 2031.
	 11.	 	Mr. Piyush Kharbanda (DIN: 08126225) 
resigned as the Non-Executive Nominee 
Director with effect from the close of 
business hours of August 17 , 2026, due to 
pre-occupation and personal reasons.
13.	 RETIREMENT BY ROTATION: 
	 	In terms of provisions of Section 152 of the Act, 
Mr. Ranvir Singh (DIN: 06673951), Executive 
Director of the Company who has been longest in 
office would be retiring by rotation at this AGM and 
being eligible offers himself for re-appointment. A 
brief profile and other relevant details of Mr. Ranvir 
Singh as stipulated under Regulation 36(3) and other 
applicable provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations 
and Secretarial Standard – 2 issued by the ICSI are 
furnished in the Notice of ensuing AGM, forming part 
of this Report.
14.	 NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION POLICY:
	 	In order to set our principles, parameters and 
governance framework of the remuneration for 
Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior 
Management and other employees of the Company 
and in terms of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Regulation 19 of SEBI Listing Regulations, 
as amended from time to time, the Company has in 
place Nomination and Remuneration Policy which 
contains appointment, reappointment, removal 
and remuneration including criteria for determining 
qualifications, independence of a Director, positive 
attributes of Director, Key Managerial Personnel & 
Senior Management Personnel.
	 	The Nomination and Remuneration Policy is also 
available on the Company’s website at www.kissht.
com. 
15.	 	DECLARATION BY INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS:
	 	The Company has received necessary declarations 
and disclosures from each of its Independent 
Directors pursuant to Section 149(7) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 25(8) of 
SEBI Listing Regulations, confirming that they meet 
the criteria of independence prescribed under 
Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regulation 16(1)(b) of SEBI Listing Regulations. The 
Boards’ Report
7574 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 41]
Independent Directors have also confirmed that they 
are not aware of any circumstance or situation which 
exists or may reasonably be anticipated that could 
impair or impact their ability to discharge their duties 
with an objective, independent judgement and 
without any external influence.
	 	The Independent Directors have also confirmed 
that they have registered themselves with the 
Independent Director’s Database maintained by the 
Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs. 
	 	Based on the disclosures and confirmations 
received, the Board is of the opinion that all 
the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions 
specified in the Companies Act, 2013 and the 
SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent of 
the Management. The Board further believes that 
the Independent Directors possess the requisite 
integrity, expertise, experience and proficiency to 
effectively discharge their duties and responsibilities 
as Independent Directors of the Company.
16.	 BOARD COMMITTEES:
	 	In accordance with the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and Chapter IV of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, the Board has constituted the 
following Committees to facilitate focused oversight 
and effective discharge of its responsibilities:
	 i.	 Audit Committee; 
	 ii.	 Nomination and Remuneration Committee; 
	 iii.	 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee; 
	 iv.	 Corporate Social Responsibility Committee;
	 v.	 Risk Management Committee;
	 	The details of the composition of the Committees, 
including changes therein, their terms of reference, 
the number of meetings held during the financial 
year 2025-26 and the attendance of the members, 
are provided in the Corporate Governance Report, 
which forms a part of this Report.
	 	In addition to the above, the Board of Directors had 
constituted an IPO Committee, ESOP Committee, IT 
Strategy Committee to facilitate focused oversight, 
efficient decision-making and effective monitoring 
of specific matters relating to the public issue, 
employee stock option schemes and information 
technology and technology-related risks and 
initiatives of the Company respectively. 
	 	These Committees function in accordance with 
their respective terms of reference approved by the 
Board and play a crucial role in supporting the Board 
by providing focused oversight and specialised 
expertise in areas requiring detailed review and 
independent consideration.
17.	 	DIRECTORS RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT:
	 	Pursuant to Section 134(3)(c) of the Companies 
Act 2013, the Board of Directors to the best of its 
knowledge and belief, confirms that:
	 a)	 	in the preparation of the annual accounts, 
the applicable Indian accounting standards 
have been followed and there are no 
material departures;
	 b)	 	they have selected such accounting policies 
and applied them consistently and made 
judgments and estimates that are reasonable 
and prudent so as to give a true and fair view of 
the state of affairs of the Company at the end of 
the financial year and of the profit and loss of 
the Company for that period;
	 c)	 	they have taken proper and sufficient care 
for the maintenance of adequate accounting 
records in accordance with the provisions of the 
Act for safeguarding the assets of the Company 
and for preventing and detecting fraud and 
other irregularities;
	 d)	 	they have prepared the annual accounts on a 
going concern basis; 
	 e)	 	the Directors had laid down adequate internal 
financial controls to be followed by the Company 
and that such internal financial controls are 
adequate and operating effectively; and
	 f)	 	they have devised proper systems to ensure 
compliance with the provisions of all applicable 
laws and that such systems were adequate and 
operating effectively.
18.	 EMPLOYEES:
	 	Particulars of Employees:
	 	In terms of Section 197(12) of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies 
(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial 
Personnel) Rules, 2014 ( “Appointment and 
Remuneration Rules” ), the ratio of the remuneration 
of each Director to the median employees’ 
remuneration and prescribed particulars are set out 
in Annexure VI, which forms part of this Report. 
	 	In terms of second proviso to Section 136(1) of the 
Act, the Report and accounts are being sent to the 
members and others entitled thereto, excluding the 
information on employees’ particulars as required 
pursuant to provisions of Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of 
the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration 
of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014. The 
said information is available for inspection by 
the Members.
	 	Any Member interested in obtaining such details may 
write to the Company Secretary of the Company at 
compliance@kissht.com .
19.	 	DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS (“D&O”) LIABILITY 
INSURANCE:
	 	As per the provisions of the Act and in compliance 
with Regulation 25(10) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, the Company has taken a D&O 
Liability Insurance policy on behalf of all Directors 
including Independent Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel of the Company for indemnifying any 
of them against any liability in respect of any 
negligence, default, misfeasance, breach of duty 
or breach of trust for which they may be guilty in 
relation to the Company.
20.	 NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:
	 	As of March 31, 2026, the Company had 283 
employees, as detailed below:
	 	Male: 224
	 	Female: 59
	 Transgender: 0
21.	 	MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS:
	 	Pursuant to Regulation 34 read with Schedule V 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Management 
Discussion and Analysis Report, outlining the 
business and operations of the Company, forms part 
of the Annual Report.
22.	 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE:
	 	The Company is committed to maintaining the 
highest standards of corporate governance 
and believes that good corporate governance 
is essential for enhancing stakeholder value, 
ensuring transparency, accountability and ethical 
business conduct.
	 	Pursuant to Regulation 34 read with Schedule 
V of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Report on 
Corporate Governance forms part of this Report as 
Annexure I. 
23.	 WHISTLE BLOWER POLICY
	 	In terms with Section 177(9) and 177(10) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Regulation 22 of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company has adopted 
a Whistle Blower Policy, for all of its employees 
and other stakeholders to report concerns about 
unethical behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or 
violation of the Company’s Code of Conduct. 
	 	The details of the Whistle Blower Policy and 
mechanism are provided in the Corporate 
Governance Report which forms part of this Report. 
The Whistle Blower Policy is also available on the 
website of the Company at www.kissht.com .
24.	 	STATUTORY AUDITORS & AUDITORS’ REPORT:
	 	At the Annual General Meeting ( “AGM” ) of 
the Company held on September 29, 2022, 
M/s. Chokshi & Chokshi LLP, Chartered Accountants, 
(FRN: 101872W/W100045), were appointed as the 
Statutory Auditors of the Company for a period of 5 
(five) years from financial year 2022-23 to financial 
year 2026-27 . 
	 	The Statutory Auditors have audited the financial 
statements of the Company for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2026. Further, there are no 
qualifications, reservations or adverse remarks 
made by the Statutory Auditors, in their report for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026.
	 	The Statutory Auditors have confirmed that they 
continue to satisfy the eligibility criteria prescribed 
under the Companies Act, 2013 and are not 
disqualified from continuing as the Statutory 
Auditors of the Company.
25.	 SECRETARIAL AUDITOR:
	 	The Company had appointed Ms. Ramadevi Satish 
Venigalla, Practicing Company Secretary, as 
Secretarial Auditor of the Company to conduct 
secretarial audit for the financial year 2025-26. 
The Secretarial Audit report does not contain any 
qualification, reservation, disclaimer or adverse 
remark. The Secretarial Audit Report is annexed as 
Annexure II to this Report. 
	 	Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited ( “Si 
Creva”) is a material wholly owned subsidiary of the 
Company, pursuant to Regulation 16(1)(c) of SEBI 
Listing Regulations. The Secretarial Audit Report 
of Si Creva is also annexed as part of Annexure II  
to this Report. The said report does not contain 
any qualification, reservation, adverse remark 
or disclaimer. 
	 	Pursuant to Regulation 24A of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, the appointment of the Secretarial 
Auditor of a listed entity is subject to the approval 
of the shareholders. Ms. Ramadevi Satish Venigalla 
has consented to her appointment as Secretarial 
Auditor, if appointed, and has confirmed that she 
Boards’ Report
7776 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 42]
has subjected herself to peer review process of the 
Institute of Company Secretaries of India ( “ICSI” ) 
and holds a valid certificate of peer review issued 
by the ICSI. Further Ms. Ramadevi Satish Venigalla 
has confirmed that she is eligible for appointment 
as the Secretarial Auditor and has not incurred 
any disqualification specified by the Securities 
and Exchange Board of India. Accordingly, based 
on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, 
at its meeting held on July 29, 2026, the Board of 
Directors, at its meeting held on July 29, 2026, 
approved and recommended the appointment 
of Ms. Ramadevi Satish Venigalla, Practicing 
Company Secretary, as the Secretarial Auditor of 
the Company for a term of five years commencing 
from the financial year 2026-27 , subject to the 
approval of the shareholders. The necessary 
resolution seeking shareholders’ approval forms 
part of the accompanying Notice of the Annual 
General Meeting.
26.	 INTERNAL AUDITOR:
	 	M/s. KKC & Associates LLP (Firm Registration No. 
105146W/W100621) were re-appointed as the 
Internal Auditors of the Company for the financial 
year 2025-26 by the Board of Directors at its 
meeting held on September 18, 2025.
	 	During the year under review, the Internal Auditors 
did not identify any major risks or areas of concern 
that could have a significant impact on the business 
operations of the Company.
	 	Based on the recommendation of the Audit 
Committee, the Board of Directors, at its meeting 
held on July 09, 2026, have appointed BDO India 
Services Private Limited as the Internal Auditor of 
the Company for the financial year 2026-27 .
27.	 COST AUDITOR:
	 	Pursuant to the provisions of Section 148 of the 
Companies Act 2013, read with Rules 3 and 4 of 
Companies (Cost Records and Audit) Rules, 2014, 
the Company is not required to maintain cost 
records and have the same audited by a qualified 
Cost Accountant.
28.	 	REPORTING OF FRAUDS BY AUDITORS:
	 	During the year under review, none of the Auditors 
have reported any instance of fraud committed in the 
Company by its officers or employees under Section 
143(12) of the Companies Act, 2013, requiring 
reporting to the Audit Committee or to the Central 
Government. Accordingly, no such disclosure is 
required to be made in this Report.
29.	 	DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARY/JOINT VENTURES/
ASSOCIATE COMPANIES:
	 	Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited ( “Si 
Creva”) is the wholly owned material subsidiary of 
the Company. 
	 	On June 17 , 2026, the Company incorporated 
another wholly owned subsidiary “Invincible Minds 
Private Limited”  a s  m e n t i o n e d  i n  p o i n t  n o . 1  o f  
this Report. 
	 	In accordance with Regulations 16(1)(c) and 24(1) 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company 
has adopted a Policy for Determining Material 
Subsidiaries, which specifies the criteria for 
identifying material subsidiaries and sets out 
the governance requirements applicable to such 
subsidiaries. The Policy is available at www.kissht.
com. In terms of the said Policy, Si Creva is a material 
subsidiary of the Company.
	 	Further, in compliance with Regulation 24(1) of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, Mr. Yogesh Chadha, Non-
Executive Independent Director of the Company, 
was nominated and appointed on the Board of Si 
Creva with effect from December 02, 2025.
	 	The highlights of the performance of Si Creva and 
its contribution to the overall performance of the 
Company during the financial year 2025-26 are set 
out as below:
(Amount in Million)
Particulars
Financial Year 
ended
March 31, 
2026
Financial Year 
ended
March 31, 
2025
Total Income 15,416.05 10,934.87
Less: Expenditure (before 
depreciation, interest and 
tax)
10,267.13 7,367.34
Net Profit for the year 
(before depreciation, 
interest and tax)
5,148.92 3,567.53
Less: Depreciation 84.50 87.47
Less: Interest 3,073.91 1,735.52
Net Profit for the year 
(before tax)
1,990.51 1,744.54
Less: Current Tax 694.50 169.00
Less: Deferred Tax (187.20) 273.67
Less: (Excess)/short 
provision of tax for earlier 
years
0.84 18.04
Net Profit after Tax for 
the year
1,482.37 1,283.83
Other comprehensive income (2.37) (9.35)
Total comprehensive 
income for the year
1,480.00 1,274.48
30.	 	PARTICULARS OF LOANS, GUARANTEES OR 
INVESTMENTS UNDER SECTION 186 OF THE 
ACT: 
	 	The details of investments covered under the 
provisions of section 186 of the Companies Act, 
2013 are disclosed in Note No. 6 of the standalone 
financial statements. 
	 	During the year under review, the Company provided 
corporate guarantee(s) in respect of loan(s) availed 
by its wholly owned subsidiary, Si Creva Capital 
Services Private Limited, the details of which 
are disclosed in Note No. 32 of the standalone 
financial statements.
3 1 . 		PARTICULARS OF CONTRACTS OR  
ARRANGEMENTS WITH RELATED PARTIES 
UNDER SECTION 188 (1) OF THE ACT:
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the Company 
entered into contracts, arrangements and 
transactions with related parties in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 188(1) of the Companies 
Act, 2013. All such transactions were in the ordinary 
course of business and on an arm’s length basis.
	 	The details of related party transactions as required 
under the applicable Indian Accounting Standards 
are disclosed in Note No. 34 of the standalone 
financial statements.
	 	The particulars of contracts or arrangements with 
related parties referred to in Section 188(1) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8(2) of the 
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 are provided in 
Form AOC-2, which forms part of Annexure IV  of 
this Report.
32.	 	CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY:
	 	The Company believes that Corporate Social 
Responsibility (“CSR”) is a means of creating shared 
value and contributing to social and environmental 
well-being. The Company’s endeavour is to support 
economically, physically and socially challenged 
groups and to draw them into the cycle of growth, 
development and empowerment. 
	 	The Company’s CSR initiatives are undertaken in 
accordance with provisions of Section 135 read with 
Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013 along with 
the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility 
Policy) Rules, 2014 ( “CSR Rules” ), as amended 
from time to time.
	 	The Annual report on CSR activities, as required 
under Rule 8 of the CSR Rules, forms part of 
Annexure V of this Report. 
	 	The CSR Policy is available on the website of the 
Company at www.kissht.com .
33.	 	CONSERVATION OF ENERGY, TECHNOLOGY 
ABSORPTION AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE 
EARNINGS AND OUTGO:
	 	The particulars as prescribed under section 134(3)
(m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules 
framed thereunder are as follows:
	 	Since the Company is a fintech, its operations are 
not energy intensive nor does it require adoption 
of specific technology and hence information in 
terms of Section 134(3)(m) of the Act read with the 
Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 is not required 
to be disclosed in this Report.
	 A)	 Conservation of energy.
	 	 i)	 	The steps taken or impact on conservation 
of energy:
	 	 	 	Not Applicable
	 	 ii)	 	The steps taken by the Company for 
utilizing alternate sources of energy:
	 	 	 	Not Applicable
	 	 iii)	 	The capital investment on energy 
conservation equipment’s: 
	 	 	 	Not Applicable
	 B)	 Technology absorption.
	 	 i)	 	The efforts made towards technology  
absorption:
	 	 	 Not Applicable
	 	 ii)	 	The benefits derived like product 
improvement, cost reduction, product 
development or import substitution:
	 	 	 Not Applicable
	 	 iii)	 	In case of imported technology (imported 
during the last three years reckoned from 
the beginning of the financial year)
	 	 	 Not Applicable
	 	 iv)	 	The expenditure incurred on Research 
and Development.
	 	 	 Not Applicable
	 C)	 Foreign exchange earnings and outgo.
 (Amount ₹ in Million)
Particulars Financial Year 
2025-26
Financial Year 
2024-25
Exports: Inflow Nil Nil
Imports: Outflow 93.69 76.67
Boards’ Report
7978 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 43]
34.	 	CHANGE IN NATURE OF BUSINESS, IF ANY:
	 	There was no change in the nature of the business of 
the Company during the financial year 2025-26.
35.	 DEPOSITS:
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the Company has 
not accepted any deposits, falling within the purview 
of Chapter V of the Companies Act, 2013 and rules 
framed thereunder. Accordingly, no amount on 
account of principal or interest on such deposits was 
outstanding as of March 31, 2026.
36.	 	DETAILS OF SIGNIFICANT AND MATERIAL 
ORDERS PASSED BY THE REGULATORS OR 
COURTS OR TRIBUNALS IMPACTING THE 
GOING CONCERN STATUS AND COMPANY’S 
OPERATIONS IN FUTURE:
	 	No significant or material orders were passed by any 
Regulator or any Court or any Tribunal which would 
impact the going concern status of the Company 
and its future operations. 
37.	 	DETAILS IN RESPECT OF ADEQUACY OF INTERNAL 
FINANCIAL CONTROLS WITH REFERENCE TO 
THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the Company 
has devised appropriate systems and framework for 
adequate internal financial controls with reference 
to financial statements commensurate with the size, 
scale and complexity of its operations.
	 	The Company has also appointed an Internal 
auditor who reviews the internal systems and risks 
pertinent to the operations of the Company. During 
the financial year 2025-26, controls were tested 
and no reportable material weakness in design and 
operation were observed.
38.	 	DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SEXUAL HARASSMENT 
OF WOMEN AT WORKPLACE (PREVENTION, 
PROHIBITION AND REDRESSAL) ACT, 2013: 
	 	The Company has adopted a Policy on Prevention, 
Prohibition, and Redressal of Sexual Harassment 
in accordance with the provisions of Sexual 
Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, and the 
corresponding rules framed thereunder. The 
Company has also complied with the requirements 
for constituting the Internal Complaints Committee 
(‘ICC’ ) as mandated by the Sexual Harassment of 
Women at Workplace (Prevention Prohibition and 
Redressal) Act, 2013. To build awareness in this 
area, the Company has been conducting necessary 
training across the organization from time to time.
	 	The Management is pleased to inform that there 
were no complaints pertaining to sexual harassment 
were received / pending during the financial year 
2025-26.
Sr. 
No. Particulars Count
1. Number of complaints received during 
the year
Nil
2. Number of complaints disposed of 
during the year
Nil
3. Number of cases pending for more 
than ninety days
Nil
39.	 MATERNITY BENEFIT:
	 	The Company is committed to providing a supportive 
and inclusive work environment and complies with 
the provisions of the Maternity Benefit Act, 1961, 
as amended. During the financial year 2025-26, 
the Company extended the applicable statutory 
maternity benefits to the eligible employees.
40.	 	COMPLIANCE WITH SECRETARIAL STANDARDS:
	 	The Company has complied with the applicable 
Secretarial Standards issued by the ICSI and 
approved by the Central Government (as amended 
from time to time) under section 118(10) of the Act.
41.	 	DISCLOSURE UNDER EMPLOYEES STOCK 
OPTION SCHEME:
	 	The Company has 3 (three) Employees Stock Option 
Schemes, namely, Kissht Employee Stock Option 
Plan, 2019, Kissht Employee Stock Option Plan, 
2021 and Kissht Employee Stock Option Plan, 2022 
(collectively referred to as the “ESOP Schemes” ). 
	 	The stock options under the ESOP Schemes have 
been granted to the eligible employees of the 
Company and its subsidiary, in accordance with the 
terms of the respective ESOP Schemes. Further, all 
grants of stock options under the ESOP Schemes 
are in compliance with the Companies Act, 2013. 
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the ESOP 
Schemes were amended to align with the 
requirements of SEBI (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021. 
	 	The details of the stock options granted under the ESOP Schemes as per provisions of Section 62(1)(b) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 12(9) of the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 
(“Rule”) are furnished hereunder:
Particulars
Details
ESOP 2019 ESOP 2021 ESOP 2022
Outstanding options at the 
beginning of the year 
2,569,850 1,390,150 9,396,350
Options granted during the year Nil Nil 703,330
Options vested during the year Nil 87,500 1,021,680
Options exercised during the year 22,000 95,670 6,000
Total number of shares arising as a 
result of exercise of option
22,000 95,670 6,000
Options lapsed (forfeited) Nil Nil 497,050
Exercise price ₹ 1 per share ₹ 1 per share ₹ 1 per share
Variation of terms of options Amended in order to 
comply with the regulatory 
requirements in terms of the 
Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021 (“SEBI SBEB & SE 
Regulations”) and to provide 
ease of administration 
of the options under the 
ESOP 2019. 
Sub-division of equity 
shares from face value from 
₹10 to ₹1 with effect from 
July 08, 2025. 
Amended in order to 
comply with the regulatory 
requirements in terms of the 
Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021 (“SEBI SBEB & SE 
Regulations”) and to provide 
ease of administration 
of the options under the 
ESOP 2021.
Sub-division of equity 
shares from face value from 
₹10 to ₹1 with effect from 
July 08, 2025.
Amended in order to 
comply with the regulatory 
requirements in terms of the 
Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021 (“SEBI SBEB & SE 
Regulations”) and to provide 
ease of administration 
of the options under the 
ESOP 2022.
Sub-division of equity 
shares from face value from 
₹10 to ₹1 with effect from 
July 08, 2025.
Money realized by exercise of 
options
₹ 22,000 ₹ 95,670 ₹ 6,000
Total number of options in force 2,547,850 1,294,480 9,596,630
Details of options granted to:
a)	 	Key managerial personnel; Nil Nil Nil
b)	 	Any other employee who 
receives a grant of options 
in any one year of option 
amounting to five percent 
or more of options granted 
during that year
Nil Nil Name of 
employees
No. of 
Options 
granted
Swapnil 
Sambhajirao Patil
175,000
Chirag Jain 70,000
Vivek Katyayan 80,000
Sooraj Pandey 125,000
Manmeet Singh 55,000
c)	 	Identified employees who 
were granted option, during 
any one year, equal to or 
exceeding one percent of 
the issued capital (excluding 
outstanding warrants and 
conversions) of the company 
at the time of grant
Nil Nil Nil
Boards’ Report
8180 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 44]
	 	The disclosures required under Regulation 14 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based 
Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 
2021 are available on the Company’s website at 
www.kissht.com . A certificate from the Secretarial 
Auditor confirming that the Company’s Employee 
Stock Option Schemes have been implemented in 
accordance with the provisions of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 will 
be placed before the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting.
42.	 	I N S U R A N C E  R E G U L A T O R Y  A N D 
DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY OF INDIA:
	 	The Company is registered as a Corporate Agent 
with the Insurance Regulatory and Development 
Authority of India ( “IRDAI” ) and complies with the 
applicable laws, regulations, circulars and guidelines 
issued by IRDAI, as amended and applicable from 
time to time.
43.	 RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY:
	 	The Company has adopted a Risk Management 
Policy to provide a framework for identifying, 
evaluating and managing risks associated with its 
business and operations.
	 	The Board of Directors has voluntarily constituted 
a Risk Management Committee to assist the Board 
in overseeing the risk management framework of 
the Company.
	 	The Company reviews its risk management 
framework from time to time in line with its 
business requirements and the applicable 
regulatory framework.
44.	 GENERAL DISCLOSURES:
	 	The Directors state that no disclosure or reporting 
is required in respect of the following items as there 
were no transactions on these items during the 
financial year 2025-26:
	 a.	 	The Company has not issued any shares with 
differential rights. Accordingly, no disclosure 
is required under Section 43(a)(ii) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 4(4) of 
the Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) 
Rules, 2014.
	 b.	 	The Company has not issued any sweat equity 
shares. Accordingly, no disclosure is required 
under Section 54(1)(d) of the Companies Act, 
2013 read with Rule 8(13) of the Companies 
(Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014. 
	 c.	 	There were no instances of non-exercising of 
voting rights in respect of shares purchased 
directly by employees under a scheme pursuant 
to Section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 2013 
read with Rule 16(4) of Companies (Share 
Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014. 
45.	 	DETAILS OF APPLICATION MADE OR 
ANY PROCEEDING PENDING UNDER  
THE INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY 
CODE, 2016:
	 	There has been no instance(s) of any application 
during the year under review, nor any proceeding(s) 
initiated/pending as of March 31, 2026 under the 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016.
46.	 	DETAILS OF DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMOUNT 
OF THE VALUATION DONE AT THE TIME OF 
ONE- TIME SETTLEMENT AND THE VALUATION 
DONE WHILE TAKING LOAN FROM THE BANKS 
OR FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS ALONG WITH 
THE REASONS THEREOF:
	 	The subject matter is not applicable to the Company 
for the year under review. 
47 .		ACKNOWLEDGEMENT:
	 	The Directors wish to place on record their sense 
of appreciation for the devoted services rendered 
by employees at all levels. We thank our bankers, 
customers, government, investors, statutory bodies 
and vendors, for their continued support during 
the year.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Sd/- Sd/-
Ranvir Singh Krishnan Vishwanathan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director
DIN: 06673951 DIN: 07191366
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
ANNEXURE I
Report on Corporate Governance
1.	 	COMPANY’S PHILOSOPHY ON CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE.
	 	At OnEMI, we believe that strong corporate 
governance is the foundation for sustainable growth, 
stakeholder trust, and long-term value creation. The 
Company is committed to conducting its business 
with integrity, transparency, accountability, and in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
	 	The Company strives to maintain the highest 
standards of honesty, fairness, and ethical behaviour 
in all its dealings with stakeholders. It promotes an 
ethical work culture supported by policies such 
as the vigil/whistle-blower mechanism, enabling 
reporting of unethical practices without fear.
	 	As a fintech organization, the Company integrates 
technology and data-driven decision-making with 
strong governance practices to ensure responsible 
lending and customer-centric operations.
2.	 BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
	 	The Board of Directors is the cornerstone of the 
Company’s governance framework, which acts 
as a combination of diverse experience, strategic 
vision and oversight with independent judgement 
to ensure sustainable growth and long-term value 
creation for the Company and all its stakeholders. 
The Board is not only a custodian of Company’s 
financial performance but also as a guardian of 
transparency, accountability, and ethical conduct, 
thereby reinforcing stakeholder trust.
A.	 Composition of the Board:
	 	The Board has an optimum combination of Executive 
Directors, Non-Executive Director and Independent 
Directors, with an appropriate mix of skills, 
experience, expertise and diversity, enabling it to 
discharge its responsibilities effectively.
	 	As on March 31, 2026, the Board comprised of 
6 (six) Directors, consisting of 3 (three) Non-
Executive Independent Directors (including 1 
(one) Woman Independent Director), 1 (one) Non-
Executive Nominee Director and 2 (two) Executive 
Directors. Mr. Ranvir Singh, Chairman of the Board, 
is the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
of the Company.
	 	The composition of the Board complies with 
Regulation 17 of SEBI Listing Regulations and the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. 
None of the Directors is a member of more than 
ten committees or Chairperson of more than five 
committees across all the public limited companies. 
Further, none of the Directors are related to other 
Directors and the KMP of the Company.
	 	The composition of the Board as on March 31, 2026, is given below:
Name of Directors Category (Promoter/Chairperson /Executive/ Non- Executive/ Independent 
/ Nominee)
Shareholding as on 
March 31, 2026
Mr. Ranvir Singh Promoter, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 2,42,91,232
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan Promoter, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director 1,74,93,894
Mr. Alok Bansal Independent Director NIL
Ms. Sangeeta Tanwani Independent Director NIL
Mr. Yogesh Chadha Independent Director NIL
Mr. Piyush Kharbanda# Nominee Director* NIL
	 	*Nominee Director of Vertex Ventures SEA Fund III Pte. Ltd. 
	 	# Mr. Piyush Kharbanda (DIN: 08126225) resigned as the Non-Executive Nominee Director with effect from the close of business 
hours of August 17, 2026, due to pre-occupation and personal reasons.
B.	 Meeting of the Board of Directors:
	 	During the year ended March 31, 2026, the Board of Directors met 14 (Fourteen) times. The meetings of the 
Board were held on following dates:
Sr. 
No. Date of the Board Meetings No. of Directors 
Present
1. April 25, 2025 5
2. June 03, 2025 5
3. June 16, 2025 2
4. July 08, 2025 8
5. July 21, 2025 6
6. July 30, 2025 6
7. August 05, 2025 6
Sr. 
No. Date of the Board Meetings No. of Directors 
Present
8. August 18, 2025 6
9. September 18, 2025 6
10. November 25, 2025 5
11. December 02, 2025 4
12. February 25, 2026 6
13. March 01, 2026 5
14. March 26, 2026 6
Boards’ Report
8382 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 45]
	 	The attendance of the Directors at the Board meetings held during the financial year and at the last AGM, together 
with their directorships and committees position in other companies, is provided below: 
Name of 
Directors Category
Number of Board 
Meetings
Attendance 
at last AGM 
held on 
July 02, 2025
No. of 
Directorships 
held in listed 
companies 
and other 
public 
companies
Committee 	
position in other 	
Companies b) c)
Name and category of 
directorships of Directors 
of the Company in other 
listed entities as of 
March 31, 2026
Entitled 
to attend 
during the 
financial 
year 
2025-26
Attended 
during the 
financial 
year 
2025-26
Chairman Member
Mr. Ranvir 
Singh
Chairman, Chief 
Executive Officer 
and Executive 
Director 
14 14 Present Nil Nil Nil NA
Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan
Chief Financial 
Officer and 
Executive Director
14 14 Present Nil Nil Nil NA
Mr. Alok Bansal Independent 
Director 
11 10 No 1 Nil 1 • PB Fintech Limited: 
Whole-time director
Ms. Sangeeta 
Tanwani
Independent 
Director 
11 11 No 5 Nil 3 • Sula Vineyards 
Limited: Non-
executive 
Independent Director 
• International 
Gemological 
Institute Limited: 
Non-executive 
Independent Director
• Aditya Birla Fashion 
and Retail Limited: 
Whole-time Director
Mr. Yogesh 
Chadha
Independent 
Director
3 2 NA Nil Nil Nil NA 
Mr. Piyush 
Kharbanda*
Nominee Director 14 12 No Nil Nil Nil  NA 
Mr. Atul Bheda Independent 
Director 
6 5 NA NA Resigned from the Company w.e.f. 
November 26, 2025 due to personal reasons 
and there are no other material reasons. 
Mr. Sateesh 
Kumar Andra
Nominee Director 5 3 No NA Resigned from the Company w.e.f. July 29, 
2025 to facilitate the Company in complying 
with the requirements pertaining to Board 
composition pursuant to SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Mr. James Tze 
Wei Lee 
Nominee Director 5 4 No NA Resigned from the Company w.e.f. July 29, 
2025 to facilitate the Company in complying 
with the requirements pertaining to Board 
composition pursuant to SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Mr. Siddhartha 
Das 
Nominee Director 5 1 No NA Resigned from the Company w.e.f. July 29, 
2025 to facilitate the Company in complying 
with the requirements pertaining to Board 
composition pursuant to SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
ANNEXURE I
Report on Corporate Governance
	 	N o t e s :
	 a)	 	Excluding directorship in OnEMI Technology 
Solutions Limited, private limited companies, 
foreign companies, section 8 companies and 
alternate directorships.
	 b)	 	The number of Committee positions held by 
directors as mentioned above does not include 
committee positions in private companies / 
high value debt listed entities / companies 
incorporated under Section 8 of the Act / 
foreign companies as on March 31, 2026.
	 c)	 	Membership/Chairmanship of only the Audit 
Committee and Stakeholders’ Relationship 
Committee of all public companies, as 
provided under Regulation 26(1)(b) of the 
Listing Regulations, have been considered and 
membership includes positions as chairmanship 
of the committee.
	 d)	 	None of the directors holds directorships in 
more than 7 listed entities.
	 e)	 	As on March 31, 2026 none of non-executive 
directors holds any shares / convertible 
securities in the Company.
	 f)	 	*Mr. Piyush Kharbanda has tendered his 
resignation from the position of Non-Executive 
Nominee Director of the Company with 
effect from the close of business hours of 
August 17 , 2026 due to pre-occupation and 
personal reasons.
C.	 Separate meeting of Independent Directors
	 	In accordance with Para VII of Schedule IV of the 
Companies Act, 2013 the Independent Directors 
of the Company met once during the financial 
year under review on March 26, 2026, without 
the presence of Non-Independent Directors and 
Members of Management to review and discuss 
the following:
• Performance of Non-Independent Directors 
and the Board of Directors as a whole;
• Performance of the Chairperson of the 
Company, considering the views of Executive 
and Non-Executive Directors; and
• Quality, quantity and timeliness of flow of 
information between the Management and the 
Board of Directors that is necessary for the 
Board to effectively and reasonably perform 
their duties.
	 	All the Independent Directors were present in 
the meeting.
D.	 Confirmation of Independence
	 	All the Independent Directors of the Company have 
issued declarations confirming that:
	 a)	 	they meet the criteria of independence 
prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013 and 
the SEBI Listing Regulations; and
	 b)	 	in terms of Section 150 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 read with Rule 6 of the Companies 
(Appointment and Qualification of Directors) 
Rules, 2014, they have registered their names 
in the Independent Directors’ Databank.
	 	Based on the declarations received from the 
Independent Directors, the Board is of the opinion 
that the Independent Directors fulfil the conditions 
of independence prescribed under Section 149(6) 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 16(1)(b) 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations and are independent 
of the management of the Company.
E.	 	Familiarization Programme for Independent 
Directors
	 	The Company recognises the importance of 
familiarising Independent Directors with its business 
and governance practices to enable them to 
effectively discharge their roles and responsibilities. 
Accordingly, the Company conducted familiarisation 
sessions for the Independent Directors covering, 
inter alia, the Company’s business model, industry, 
operations, organisational structure, governance 
framework, policies and regulatory environment.
	 	The details of the familiarisation programme of the 
Independent Directors are available on website of 
the Company at www.kissht.com .
F.	 Performance Evaluation of Board.
	 	During the financial year under review, the provisions 
relating to formal annual performance evaluation of 
the Board of Directors, its committees and individual 
Directors under the SEBI Listing Regulations were 
not applicable to the Company.
	 	Key Board Skills, Expertise and Competencies:
	 	In accordance with the SEBI Listing Regulations, 
the Board of Directors has identified the core skills, 
expertise and competencies required in the context 
of the Company’s business and operations. These 
skills enable the Board to effectively discharge its 
oversight responsibilities and provide strategic 
direction to the Company. The Board is satisfied that 
its current composition possesses an appropriate 
mix of skills, expertise and competencies required 
for effective governance.
8584 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 46]
	 	The core skills, expertise and competencies identified by the Board are set out below:
Skill / Expertise / Competency Mr. Ranvir 
Singh
Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan Mr. Alok Bansal Ms. Sangeeta 
Tanwani
Mr. Yogesh 
Chadha
Mr. Piyush 
Kharbanda*
Information Technology & 
Industry Knowledge
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Financial Expertise Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Business Management & 
Strategy Development
Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Customer Behaviour Insight Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Governance Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Credit & Risk Management Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
Marketing Expertise Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
	 	*Mr. Piyush Kharbanda has tendered his resignation from the position of Non-Executive Nominee Director of the Company with effect 
from the close of business hours of August 17, 2026 due to pre-occupation and personal reasons.
G.	 Board Committees.
	 	Audit Committee:
	 	As on March 31, 2026, the Audit Committee 
comprises 4 (four) Directors out of which 3 (three) 
are Independent Directors. The Chairman of the 
Audit Committee is an Independent Director. 
The composition of the Audit Committee is fully 
compliant with Section 177 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Regulation 18 of SEBI Listing Regulations.
	 	The composition of Audit Committee as on March 
31, 2026 and on the date of this Report is as follows:
Name Position on the 
Committee Designation
Mr. Yogesh Chadha Chairman and 
Member 
Independent Director 
Mr. Alok Bansal Member Independent Director
Ms. Sangeeta 
Tanwani
Member Independent Director
Mr. Ranvir Singh Member Chairman of the 
Company, Chief 
Executive Officer and 
Executive Director
	 	The Audit Committee was constituted by the Board 
on July 08, 2025 and was further re-constituted by 
the Board on August 05, 2025 and December 02, 
2025, as follows:
	 a)	 	Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan ceased to become 
member of Audit Committee on August 05, 
2025, due to the relevant provisions of SEBI 
Listing Regulations and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
	 b)	 	Mr. Atul Bheda ceased to be the Chairman and 
Member of Audit Committee w.e.f. November 
26, 2025, due to his resignation from the 
position of Independent Director. Mr. Yogesh 
Chadha, Independent Director of the Company, 
was appointed as the Chairman and Member of 
Audit Committee w.e.f. December 02, 2025.
	 	The Audit Committee met 6 (six) times during 
the year on August 05, 2025, August 18, 2025, 
September 18, 2025, November 24, 2025, 
March 01, 2026 and March 26, 2026. The requisite 
quorum was present at all meetings.
	 	The details of attendance of meetings of Audit 
Committee.
Name of 	
Members
No. of meeting(s) 
entitled to attend 
during tenure
No. of 
Meetings 
attended
% of 
attendance
Mr. Yogesh 
Chadha 
2 1 50 
Mr. Alok Bansal 6 6 100
Ms. Sangeeta 
Tanwani
6 6 100
Mr. Ranvir Singh 6 6 100
Mr. Atul Bheda 4 4 100
Mr. Krishnan
Vishwanathan
1 1 100
	 	The terms of reference of the Audit Committee 
are as under:
	 1.	 	Oversight of Company’s financial reporting 
process and the disclosure of its financial 
information to ensure that the financial 
statement is correct, sufficient and credible;
	 2 . 		Recommendation for appointment,  
remuneration and terms of appointment of 
auditors of including the internal auditor, cost 
auditor and statutory auditor of the Company 
and the fixation of audit fee;
	 3.	 	Approval of payment to statutory auditors 
for any other services rendered by the 
statutory auditors;
	 4.	 	Reviewing, with the management, the annual 
financial statements and auditor’s report 
thereon before submission to the board for 
approval, with particular reference to:
ANNEXURE I
Report on Corporate Governance
	 	 i.	 	Matters required to be included in the 
director’s responsibility statement to be 
included in the board’s report in terms of 
clause (c) of sub-section (3) of Section 
134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
	 	 ii.	 	Changes, if any, in accounting policies and 
practices and reasons for the same;
	 	 iii.	 	Major accounting entries involving 
estimates based on the exercise of 
judgment by management;
	 	 iv.	 	Significant adjustments made in the 
financial statements arising out of 
audit findings;
	 	 v.	 	Compliance with listing and other legal 
requirements relating to financial statements;
	 	 vi.	 	Disclosure of any related party 
transactions; and
	 	 vii.	 	Modified opinion(s) in the draft audit report.
	 5.	 	Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly 
financial statements before submission to the 
board for approval;
	 6.	 	To review the financial statements, in particular, 
the investments made by an unlisted subsidiary.
	 7 .	 	Reviewing, with the management, the statement 
of uses / application of funds raised through an 
issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential 
issue, etc.), the statement of funds utilized for 
purposes other than those stated in the offer 
document / prospectus / notice and the report 
submitted by the monitoring agency monitoring 
the utilisation of proceeds of a public issue or 
rights issue or preferential issue or qualified 
institutions placement, and making appropriate 
recommendations to the board to take up steps 
in this matter;
	 8.	 	Reviewing and monitoring the auditor’s 
independence and performance, and 
effectiveness of audit process;
	 9.	 	Approval or any subsequent modification of 
transactions of the Company with related 
parties and omnibus approval for related party 
transactions proposed to be entered into by 
the Company;
	 1 0.	 	Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and  
investments;
	 11.	 	Valuation of undertakings or assets of the 
Company, wherever it is necessary;
	 12.	 	Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk 
management systems;
	 13.	 	Reviewing, with the management, performance 
of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of 
the internal control systems;
	 14.	 	Reviewing the adequacy of internal audit 
function, if any, including the structure of 
the internal audit department, staffing and 
seniority of the official heading the department, 
reporting structure coverage and frequency of 
internal audit;
	 15.	 	Discussion with internal auditors of any 
significant findings and follow up there on;
	 16.	 	Reviewing the findings of any internal 
investigations by the internal auditors into 
matters where there is suspected fraud or 
irregularity or a failure of internal control 
systems of a material nature and reporting the 
matter to the Board;
	 17 .	 	Discussion with statutory auditors before the 
audit commences, about the nature and scope 
of audit as well as post-audit discussion to 
ascertain any area of concern;
	 18.	 	To look into the reasons for substantial defaults 
in the payment to the depositors, debenture 
holders, shareholders (in case of non-payment 
of declared dividends) and creditors;
	 19.	 	To review the functioning of the whistle 
blower mechanism;
	 20.	 	Approval of appointment of chief financial 
officer after assessing the qualifications, 
experience and background, etc. of 
the candidate;
	 21.	 	Identification of list of key performance 
indicators and related disclosures in 
accordance with the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended, 
for the purpose of the Company’s proposed 
initial public offering;
	 22.	 	Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or 
advances from/investment by the holding 
company in the subsidiary exceeding ₹100 
crore or 10% of the asset size of the subsidiary, 
whichever is lower including existing loans / 
advances / investments;
	 23.	 	Consider and comment on rationale, cost-
benefits and impact of schemes involving 
merger, demerger, amalgamation etc., on the 
Company and its shareholders;
	 24.	 	Monitoring the end use of funds raised through 
public offers and related matters;
8786 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 47]
	 25.	 	Reviewing compliance with the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider 
Trading) Regulations, 2015 as amended at least 
once in a financial year and verifying that the 
systems for internal control are adequate and 
are operating effectively;
	 26.	 	Carrying out any other functions and roles as 
provided under the Companies Act, the SEBI 
Listing Regulations, SEBI ICDR Regulations, each 
as amended and other applicable laws or by any 
regulatory authority and performing such other 
functions as may be necessary or appropriate 
for the performance of its duties; and
	 27 .	 	To carry out such other functions as may be 
specifically referred to the Committee by the 
Board and/or other committees of directors of 
the Company.
	 28.	 	The Committee shall mandatorily review the 
following information:
	 	 1.	 	Management discussion and analysis 
of financial condition and results 
of operations;
	 	 2.	 	Management letters / letters of internal 
control weaknesses issued by the 
statutory auditors;
	 	 3.	 	Internal audit reports relating to internal 
control weaknesses;
	 	 4.	 	The appointment, removal and terms 
of remuneration of the chief internal 
auditor shall be subject to review by the 
audit committee;
	 	 5.	 	Statement of deviations:
	 	 	 i.	 	Quarterly statement of deviation(s) 
including report of monitoring agency, 
if applicable, submitted to stock 
exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 
32(1) of SEBI Listing Regulations, as 
amended; and
	 	 	 ii.	 	Annual statement of funds utilized 
for purposes other than those stated 
in the offer document/prospectus/
notice in terms of Regulation 32(7) of 
SEBI Listing Regulations, as amended.
	 	 6.	 	Such information as may be prescribed 
under the Companies Act, and the rules 
thereunder, SEBI (Issue of Capital and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2018 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, each as amended.
	 	Nomination and Remuneration Committee:
	 	As on March 31, 2026, the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee comprises of 4 (four) 
Directors out of which 3 (three) are Independent 
Directors. The Chairperson of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee is an Independent 
Director. The composition of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee is fully compliant with 
Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013 and 
Regulation 19 of SEBI Listing Regulations.
	 	The Composition of Committee as on March 31, 
2026 and as on the date of this Report is as follows:
Name Position on 
the Committee Designation
Ms. Sangeeta 
Tanwani
Chairperson 
and Member 
Independent Director 
Mr. Alok Bansal Member Independent Director
Mr. Yogesh Chadha Member Independent Director
Mr. Ranvir Singh Member Chairman of the 
Company, Chief 
Executive Officer and 
Executive Director
	 	The Nomination and Remuneration Committee was 
constituted by the Board on July 08, 2025 and was 
further re-constituted by the Board on December 
02, 2025, as follows:
	 a)	 	Mr. Atul Bheda ceased to be a member of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee due 
to resignation from the position of Independent 
Director on November 26, 2025 and Mr. Yogesh 
Chadha, Independent Director of the Company, 
was appointed as the member of Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee w.e.f. December 
02, 2025, in compliance with relevant provisions 
of SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013.
	 	The Nomination and Remuneration Committee met 
6 (six) times during the year on July 21, 2025, July 
30, 2025, August 05, 2025, November 24, 2025, 
December 02, 2025 and February 25, 2026. The 
requisite quorum was present at all meetings.
	 	The details of attendance of meetings of 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Name of 	
Members
No. of meeting(s) 
entitled to attend 
during tenure
No. of 
Meetings 
attended
% of 
attendance
Ms. Sangeeta 
Tanwani
6 6 100
Mr. Alok Bansal 6 5 83.33
Mr. Yogesh 
Chadha
1 1 100
Mr. Ranvir Singh 6 6 100
Mr. Atul Bheda 4 4 100
ANNEXURE I
Report on Corporate Governance
	 	The terms of reference of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee are as under:
	 1.	 	Formulation of the criteria for determining 
qualifications, positive attributes and 
independence of a director and recommend 
to the board of directors of the Company 
(“Board”) a policy relating to the remuneration 
of the directors, key managerial personnel and 
other employees ( “Remuneration Policy” ). 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
while formulating the Remuneration Policy, 
should ensure that:
	 	 i.	 	The level and composition of remuneration 
be reasonable and sufficient to attract, 
retain and motivate directors of the quality 
required to run our Company successfully;
	 	 ii.	 	Relationship of remuneration to 
performance is clear and meets 
appropriate performance benchmarks; and
	 	 iii.	 	Remuneration to directors, key managerial 
personnel and senior management 
involves a balance between fixed and 
incentive pay reflecting short and long term 
performance objectives appropriate to the 
working of the Company and its goals.
	 2.	 	For every appointment of an independent 
director, the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills, 
knowledge and experience on the Board and 
on the basis of such evaluation, prepare a 
description of the role and capabilities required 
of an independent director. The person 
recommended to the Board for appointment 
as an independent director shall have the 
capabilities identified in such description. For 
the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, 
the Committee may:
	 	 i.	 	Use the services of an external agencies, 
if required;
	 	 ii.	 	Consider candidates from a wide range 
of backgrounds, having due regard to 
diversity; and
	 	 iii.	 	Consider the time commitments of 
the candidates.
	 3.	 	Formulation of criteria for evaluation of 
performance of independent directors and the 
Board including committees;
	 4.	 	Devising a policy on Board diversity;
	 5.	 	Identifying persons who are qualified to become 
directors of the Company and who may be 
appointed in senior management in accordance 
with the criteria laid down, and recommend to 
the Board their appointment and removal;
	 6.	 	Determine whether to extend or continue the 
term of appointment of the independent director, 
on the basis of the report of performance 
evaluation of independent directors;
	 7 .	 	Recommend to the Board, all remuneration, 
in whatever form, payable to senior 
management; and
	 8.	 	Carrying out any other activities as may be 
delegated by the Board and functions required 
to be carried out by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee as provided under 
the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI Listing 
Regulations or any other applicable law, as and 
when amended from time to time.
	 9.	 	To administer the employee stock options 
plans of the Company and perform all the 
functions and roles as per the employee stock 
options schemes as may be issued by the 
Company from time to time and in terms of 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share 
Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) 
Regulations, 2021.
	 	The criteria for Performance evaluation of 
independent directors has been laid out in the 
“Policy on Evaluation of the Performance of the 
Board of Directors” which is hosted on Company’s 
website and can be accessed at www.kissht.com .
	 	Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee:
	 	As on March 31, 2026, the Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee comprises of 3 (three) Directors out 
of which 1 (one) is Independent Director and 2 
(two) are Executive Directors. The Chairman of the 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee is a Non-
Executive Independent Director. The composition 
of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee is fully 
compliant with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 
2013 and Regulation 20 of SEBI Listing Regulations.
	 	Grievances relating to stakeholders/investors 
may also be forwarded to Ms. Shraddha Rajkumar 
Patangia, the Company Secretary & Compliance 
Officer of the Company at compliance@kissht.com .
8988 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 48]
	 	The composition of Committee as on March 
31, 2026 and as on the date of this Report is as 
follows:
Name Position on the 
Committee Designation
Mr. Yogesh 
Chadha
Chairman and 
Member 
Independent Director 
Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan
Member Chief Financial Officer and 
Executive Director
Mr. Ranvir 
Singh 
Member Chairman of the Company, 
Chief Executive Officer and 
Executive Director
	 	The Stakeholders Relationship Committee was 
constituted by the Board on July 21, 2025 and was 
further re-constituted by the Board on December 
02, 2025, as follows:
	 a)	 	Mr. Atul Bheda ceased to be member of 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee due to 
resignation from the position of Independent 
Director on November 26, 2025, and Mr. Yogesh 
Chadha, Independent Director of the Company, 
was appointed as the Chairman and Member 
of Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee w.e.f. 
December 02, 2025, in compliance with the 
relevant provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations 
and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
	 	The Stakeholders Relationship Committee met once 
during the year on March 26, 2026. The requisite 
quorum was present at the meeting.
	 	The details of attendance of meetings of 
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Name of 	
Members
No. of meeting(s) 
entitled to attend 
during tenure
No. of 
Meetings 
attended
% of 
attendance
Mr. Yogesh 
Chadha
1 1 100
Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan
1 1 100
Mr. Ranvir Singh 1 1 100
	 	The terms of reference of the Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee are as under:
	 1.	 	Resolving the grievances of the security holders 
of the Company including complaints related to 
transfer/transmission of shares, non-receipt 
of annual report, non-receipt of declared 
dividends, issue of new/duplicate certificates, 
general meetings etc.;
	 2.	 	Review of measures taken for effective exercise 
of voting rights by shareholders;
	 3.	 	Review of adherence to the service standards 
adopted by the Company in respect of various 
services being rendered by the registrar and 
share transfer agent;
	 4.	 	Review of the various measures and initiatives 
taken by the Company for reducing the quantum 
of unclaimed dividends and ensuring timely 
receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/
statutory notices by the shareholders of the 
company; and
	 5.	 	Carrying out any other functions required to be 
carried out by the Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee as contained in the Companies Act, 
SEBI Listing Regulations or any other applicable 
law, as and when amended from time to time.
	 	There were no shareholder’s complaints received 
during the financial year 2025-26 by the Company.
	 Risk Management Committee:
	 	As on March 31, 2026, the Risk Management 
Committee comprises of 4 (four) members 
consisting of 1 (one) Independent Director, 2 (two) 
Executive Directors and 1 (one) Senior Managerial 
Personnel of the Company. The Chairman of the 
Risk Management Committee is an Executive 
Director. The composition of the Risk Management 
Committee is fully compliant with Regulation 21 of 
SEBI Listing Regulations.
	 	During the year under review, the Company 
constituted the Risk Management Committee 
pursuant to the approval of the Board on July 21, 
2025, in the following manner and the same stands 
unchanged as on March 31, 2026 and as on the date 
of this Report:
Name Position on the 
Committee Designation
Mr. Ranvir 
Singh 
Chairman and 
Member 
Chairman of the Company, 
Chief Executive Officer and 
Executive Director
Ms. Sangeeta 
Tanwani 
Member Independent  
Director
Ms. Neha 
Shivran
Member Chief Data & Analytics 
Officer – Si Creva / Senior 
Managerial Personnel 
Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan
Member Chief Financial Officer and 
Executive Director
	 	The Risk Management Committee met 2 (two) 
times during the year on March 01, 2026 and 
March 26, 2026. The requisite quorum was present 
at all meetings.
ANNEXURE I
Report on Corporate Governance
	 	The details of attendance of meetings of Risk 
Management Committee:
Name of 	
Members
No. of meeting(s) 
entitled to attend 
during tenure
No. of 
Meetings 
attended
% of 
attendance
Mr. Ranvir Singh 2 2 100
Ms. Sangeeta 
Tanwani 
2 2 100
Ms. Neha 
Shivran
2 2 100
Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan
2 2 100
	 	The terms of reference of the Risk Management 
Committee are as under:
	 1.	 	To formulate a detailed risk management policy 
which shall include:
	 	 i.	 	A framework for identification of 
internal and external risks specifically 
faced by the Company, in particular 
including financial, operational, sectoral, 
sustainability (particularly, ESG related 
risks), information, cyber security risks or 
any other risk as may be determined by the 
Risk Management Committee;
	 	 ii.	 	Measures for risk mitigation including 
systems and processes for internal control 
of identified risks; and
	 	 iii.	 	Business continuity plan.
	 2.	 	To ensure that appropriate methodology, 
processes and systems are in place to monitor 
and evaluate risks associated with the business 
of the Company;
	 3.	 	To monitor and oversee implementation of the 
risk management policy, including evaluating 
the adequacy of risk management systems;
	 4.	 	To periodically review the risk management 
policy, at least once in two years, including by 
considering the changing industry dynamics 
and evolving complexity;
	 5.	 	To keep the Board informed about the nature and 
content of its discussions, recommendations 
and actions to be taken;
	 6.	 	The appointment, removal and terms of 
remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer (if 
any) shall be subject to review by the Risk 
Management Committee;
	 7 .	 	Any other similar or other functions as may be 
laid down by Board from time to time and/or as 
may be required under applicable law, as and 
when amended from time to time, including the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015.
	 	Corporate Social Responsibility (“ CSR”) 
Committee:
	 	As on March 31, 2026, the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee comprises of 3 (three) 
Directors consisting of 1 (one) Independent Director 
and 2 (two) Executive Directors. The Chairman of 
the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
is an Executive Director. The composition of the 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee is fully 
compliant with Section 135 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
	 	The Composition of Committee as on March 31, 
2026 and as on the date of this Report is as follows:
Name Position on the 
Committee Designation
Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan 
Chairman and 
Member 
Chief Financial 
Officer and Executive 
Director
Mr. Alok Bansal Member Independent Director
Mr. Ranvir Singh Member Chairman of the 
Company, Chief 
Executive Officer 
and Executive 
Director
	 	The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was 
constituted by the Board on February 14, 2025 and 
was further re-constituted by the Board on July 08, 
2025 as follows:
	 a)	 	Mr. Alok Bansal was appointed as member of 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
w.e.f. July 08, 2025, in compliance with the 
relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
	 	The scope and functions of the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Committee are in accordance with 
Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013.
	 	The Corporate Social Responsibility ( “CSR” ) 
Committee met 2 (two) times during the year on May 
27, 2025 and September 18, 2025.
	 	The details of attendance of meetings of CSR 
Committee
Name of 	
Members
No. of meeting(s) 
entitled to attend 
during tenure
No. of 
Meetings 
attended
% of 
attendance
Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan 
2 2 100
Mr. Alok Bansal 1 1 100
Mr. Ranvir Singh 2 2 100
9190 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 49]
	 	The terms of reference of the Corporate Social 
Responsibility (“CSR”) Committee are as under:
	 1.	 	To formulate and recommend to the Board, 
the Company’s CSR policy, (and modifications 
thereto from time to time), which shall provide an 
approach and guiding principles for selection, 
implementation and monitoring of CSR activities 
to be undertaken by the Company as per the 
applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 (‘Act’) and the rules made thereunder;
	 2.	 	To formulate and recommend to the Board an 
annual action plan in pursuance of the CSR 
policy, and any modifications/alterations 
thereof, comprising of following information:
	 	 a.	 	The list of CSR projects or programmes 
that are approved to be undertaken in 
areas or subjects specified in Schedule VII 
of the Act;
	 	 b.	 	The manner of execution of such projects 
or programmes as specified in sub-rule 
(1) of Rule 4 of the Companies (Corporate 
Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014;
	 	 c.	 	The modalities of utilization of funds and 
implementation schedules for the projects 
or programmes;
	 	 d.	 	Monitoring and reporting mechanism for 
the projects or programmes; and
	 	 e.	 	Details of need and impact assessment, 
if any, for the projects undertaken by 
the Company
	 3.	 	To review, the certificate submitted by Chief 
Financial Officer or the person responsible 
for financial management and the impact 
assessment report, if required to be obtained 
by the Company from time to time certifying the 
utilisation of the funds disbursed by the Board 
for CSR implementation;
	 4.	 	To monitor the implementation of the CSR 
policy of the Company from time to time, and 
institute a transparent monitoring mechanism 
for implementation of the projects/programs/
activities including ongoing projects proposed 
to be undertaken by the Company and review 
the amount spent on CSR;
	 5.	 	To recommend to the Board for abandoning or 
modification of an ongoing project, partially 
or wholly, under exceptional circumstances, 
during the prescribed project period.
	 6.	 	To review and recommend to the Board, the 
annual budget for CSR activities/the amount 
of total expenditure to be incurred on different 
CSR activities (whether ongoing projects or 
other than ongoing projects) in a financial year.
	 7 .	 	Review and recommend to the Board on 
the unspent amount to be transferred in 
case of ongoing projects and other than 
ongoing projects;
	 8.	 	To review synergy or alignment for various CSR 
activities along with partners as per the sectors 
identified by the Company for CSR;
	 9.	 	To review and finalise the annual CSR report 
prepared and finalised in accordance with 
the format provided under the Companies 
(Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) 
Rules, 2014;
	 10.	 	To review and recommend to the Board for the 
responsibility statement for inclusion in the 
Board’s report that the implementation and 
monitoring of CSR policy, is in compliance with 
CSR objectives and policy of the company;
	 11.	 	To perform such other functions as may be 
delegated by the Board and/or mandated by any 
regulatory provisions; and
	 12.	 	To do all such acts, deeds and things as deemed 
necessary to achieve overall CSR objectives of 
the Company.
	 Other Committees:
	 	The Board of Directors have also formed the 
following Committees: -
	 	ESOP Committee
	 	The Company had constituted a functional 
Committee known as the ESOP Committee for the 
administration and implementation of the employee 
stock option schemes of the Company. The 
Committee, inter alia, was responsible to oversee the 
grant, vesting, exercise and other matters relating to 
the administration of the Company’s employee stock 
option schemes in accordance with the applicable 
scheme documents and regulatory requirements. 
The Company Secretary acted as Secretary to the 
Committee. Meetings of the ESOP Committee were 
held as and when deemed necessary.
	 	Pursuant to the listing of the equity shares of the 
Company and in line with the applicable provisions 
of the SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and 
Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021, the administration 
of the Company’s employee stock option schemes 
shall henceforth be undertaken by the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee of the Board.
ANNEXURE I
Report on Corporate Governance
	 	IT Strategy Committee
	 	The Company has constituted a functional 
Committee known as the IT Strategy Committee 
to provide strategic direction and oversight 
on information technology initiatives, digital 
transformation, cybersecurity, technology 
governance and other technology-related matters 
of the Company. The Committee reviews the 
Company’s IT strategy and key technology initiatives 
to support business objectives and operational 
resilience. Meetings of the IT Strategy Committee 
are generally held as and when deemed necessary.
	 	IPO Committee
	 	The Company had constituted a functional 
Committee known as the IPO Committee to oversee 
and facilitate matters relating to the Company’s initial 
public offering and allied activities. The Committee 
was entrusted with the responsibility of considering 
and approving various operational, procedural and 
administrative matters in connection with the IPO, 
including coordination with intermediaries and 
ensuring timely execution of IPO-related activities. 
The Company Secretary acted as Secretary to the 
Committee. Meetings of the IPO Committee were 
held as and when deemed necessary during the 
IPO process.
H.	 Directors’ Remuneration
	 	The details of remuneration paid or payable to 
Executive Directors for the financial year 2025-26 
are as under:
	 	The remuneration and terms of appointment of 
Mr. Ranvir Singh and Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - 
Executive Directors are governed by their respective 
terms recommended by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and as approved by the 
Board and Members of the Company.
	 	Details of remuneration paid to them are as under:
Name of Director Designation Salary (₹) Benefits /
Perquisites Commission Other 
benefits
Mr. Ranvir Singh Executive Director 1,00,00,000/- Nil Nil Nil
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan Executive Director 1,00,00,000/- Nil Nil Nil
	 1.	 	Mr. Ranvir Singh was re-appointed as an 
Executive Director with effect from January 03, 
2026 to January 02, 2031.
	 2.	 	Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan was re-appointed 
as an Executive Director with effect from June 
27, 2026 to June 26, 2031.
	 3.	 	Mr. Ranvir Singh and Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 
were also paid ₹ 1,50,00,000/- each as 
remuneration from Si Creva.
	 4.	 	The terms of appointment of Mr. Ranvir Singh 
and Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan are governed 
by the employment agreement dated August 
07 , 2025 entered into between the Company 
and Mr. Ranvir Singh and Mr. Krishnan 
Vishwanathan, respectively and as approved by 
the Board and the shareholders at their meetings 
held on August 05, 2025 and August 07 , 2025, 
respectively, read with the first addendum 
dated November 27 , 2025, approved by the 
Board and the shareholders, at their meetings 
held on November 25, 2025 and November 27 , 
2025, respectively.
	 5.	 	No severance fee is payable to Mr. Ranvir Singh 
and Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan and the notice 
period is 3 (three) months.
	 6.	 	Mr. Ranvir Singh and Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 
are eligible for performance incentive on annual 
basis, based on performance parameters up to 
25% of the fixed pay.
	 	Sitting Fees paid to Non-Executive Directors for financial year 2025-26 are as under:
Name of Directors Designation Amount in ₹
Mr. Alok Bansal Non-executive Independent Director 22,00,000
Ms. Sangeeta Tanwani Non-executive Independent Director 25,00,000
Mr. Yogesh Chadha Non-executive Independent Director 6,00,000
Mr. Atul Bheda (resigned w.e.f November 26, 2025) Non-executive Independent Director 13,00,000
	 	Except for the facts stated above, the Non-Executive Directors had no other pecuniary relationship or transactions 
with the Company during the financial year under review. The Company has not granted any stock options to 
its Directors.
9392 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 50]
	 	Commission paid to Non-Executive Directors for the financial year 2025-26 are as under:
Name of Directors Designation Amount in ₹
Mr. Alok Bansal Non-executive Independent Director 17,00,000
Ms. Sangeeta Tanwani Non-executive Independent Director 17,00,000
Mr. Yogesh Chadha Non-executive Independent Director 3,00,000
	 	The criteria of making payments to Non-Executive Directors is well defined in the Nomination & Remuneration 
Policy of the Company which is hosted on Company’s website and can be accessed at www.kissht.com .
I.	 Senior Managerial Personnel:
	 	As on March 31, 2026, following were the Senior Managerial Personnel (“SMPs”) of the Company:
S. 
No Name Designation
1. Mr. Ranvir Singh Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
2. Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director
3. Mr. Sandeep Kadam Chief Technology Officer 
4. Ms. Neha Shivran Chief Data & Analytics Officer of Si Creva 
5. Ms. Shraddha Patangia Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
J.	 General Body Meeting/Postal Ballot(s):
	 	During the financial year ended March 31, 2026, Annual General Meeting of the Company was held on 
July 02, 2025.
	 	During the financial year ended March 31, 2026, the Extra Ordinary General Meetings of the Members were held 
9 (nine) times on following dates: June 05, 2025, June 17 , 2025, July 08, 2025, July 21, 2025, July 31, 2025, 
August 07, 2025, November 27, 2025, December 02, 2025 and February 26, 2026.
	 	The details of last 3 Annual General Meetings (“AGMs”) of the Company and special resolution(s) passed thereat, 
are as follows:
Financial Year Date Time Venue Special resolution(s) passed
2024-25 July 02, 
2025
04:00 PM 10th Floor, Tower – 4, Equinox 
Park, LBS Marg, Kurla – West, 
Mumbai - 400070
No Special Resolution was passed in this meeting.
2023-24 September 
28, 2024
05:00 PM 10th Floor, Tower – 4, Equinox 
Park, LBS Marg, Kurla – West, 
Mumbai - 400070
Approve, issue and offer of 29,735 (Twenty-Nine 
Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-Five) partly 
paid-up Series Z3 compulsorily convertible cumulative 
preference shares on preferential basis by way of 
private placement.
2022-23 September 
29, 2023
02:00 PM 10th Floor, Tower – 4, Equinox 
Park, LBS Marg, Kurla – West, 
Mumbai - 400070
No Special Resolution was passed in this meeting.
	 	All the resolutions moved at the last three AGMs were 
passed by the requisite majority of the Members.
	 	During the financial year ended March 31, 2026, 
no resolutions have been passed through postal 
ballot. Further, there was no proposal to transact 
any business that requires the passing of resolution 
through postal ballot.
	 	Procedure for Postal Ballot: The Company will 
follow the procedures laid down under the relevant 
provisions of the Act read with relevant rules made 
thereunder and the provisions of SEBI Listing 
Regulations as and when there is any proposal for 
passing resolutions by postal ballot.
K.	 Means of Communication
a)	 Financial Results
	 	As the equity shares of the Company were listed on 
the Stock Exchanges after the closure of financial 
year 2025-26, the Company was not required to 
publish its financial results under Regulation 33 of 
SEBI Listing Regulations during the year.
	 	Subsequent to the listing of its equity shares, the 
Company submitted its Audited Financial Results for 
the quarter and financial year ended March 31, 2026 
to the Stock Exchanges. The said financial results 
ANNEXURE I
Report on Corporate Governance
were published in the Business Standard (English) 
and Mumbai Lakshadeep (Marathi) newspapers.
	 	The financial results of the Company are available on 
the website of the Company at www.kissht.com .
	 	The Company regularly conducts meetings with 
institutional investors and analysts. The schedules, 
investor presentations, audio recordings and 
transcripts of these meetings are submitted to the 
Stock Exchanges and simultaneously uploaded to 
the Company’s website at www.kissht.com . Official 
press releases are also disseminated on the website.
b)	 Compliances
	 	The equity shares of the Company were listed on 
the Stock Exchanges on May 08, 2026, after the 
close of the financial year ended March 31, 2026. 
Accordingly, the corporate governance provisions 
specified in Regulations 17 to 27 , clauses (b) to (i) 
and (t) of sub-regulation (2) of Regulation 46 and 
Paras C, D and E of Schedule V of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations were not applicable to the Company 
during the financial year 2025-26. The Company 
has been complying with the applicable provisions 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations from the date of 
listing of its equity shares.
c)	 Website
	 	In accordance with Regulation 46 and other 
applicable provisions of SEBI Listing Regulations 
read with Companies Act, 2013 the Company 
maintains a functional website containing 
information about the Company.
	 	The information required to be disclosed under 
Regulation 46(2) of SEBI Listing Regulations, 
including the disclosures and intimations submitted 
by the Company to the Stock Exchanges, is available 
on the Company’s website under the ‘Investor 
Relations’ section at www.kissht.com .
	 	The Annual Report of the Company is also 
available on the website at www.kissht.com  in a  
downloadable format.
L.	 General Shareholder Information:
	 	Annual General Meeting and Record Date:
Date, time 
and venue of 
Annual General 
Meeting
Tuesday, September 22, 2026 at 04:00 
P.M. (IST) through Video Conferencing/
Other Audio Visual means (VC/OAVM) 
deemed venue being the registered 
office of the Company situated at 10th 
Floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS 
Marg, Kurla West, Mumbai-400070, 
Maharashtra, India.
Dividend 
Payment Date
Not Applicable as no dividend was paid 
during the year.
Financial Year Financial year covers the period from 
April 01, 2025 to March 31, 2026.
Name of Stock 
Exchange(s)
SCRIP Code 
/ Name Address
BSE 544754 Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
(P.J. Towers) Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai - 400001, 
Maharashtra.
NSE KISSHT Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block 
G, Bandra Kurla Complex
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051.
	 	The Company has made payment of Annual Listing 
Fees to both the Stock Exchange(s).
	 	There was no suspension of trading in securities 
of the Company during the financial year 2025-26 
under review.
M.	 Registrar & Transfer Agent (RTA)
	 	KFin Technologies Limited 
Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31 and 32,  
Financial District, Nanakramguda,  
Serilingampally, Hyderabad,  
Rangareddi 500 032 Telangana 
Tel: +91 40 6716 2222 
Email: einward.ris@kfintech.com
N.	 Share Transfer System:
	 	The entire equity share capital of the Company is 
held in dematerialized form.
	 Distribution of Shareholding as on March 31, 2026:
Category (Shares) 
Details of shareholders No. of shares held
Number % of total Number % of total
Upto 5000 7 19.44 21,187 0.02
5001-10,000 1 2.78 6,000 0.00
10,001 and above 28 77.78 11,87,48,233 99.98
Total 36 100 11,87,75,420 100
9594 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 51]
	 Shareholding Pattern as on March 31, 2026:
Sr 
No Category No. of shares 
held % of shares held
A Promoter & Promoter Group Holding:
1 Promoter 4,17,85,126 35.18
2 Promoter group 0 0
Total (A) 4,17,85,126 35.18
B Public Holding:
1 Institutions (Domestic) 1,81,85,097 15.31
2 Institutions (Foreign) 5,54,11,346 46.65
3 Non-Institutions 33,93,851 2.86
Total (B) 7,69,90,294 64.82
Total (A+B) 11,87,75,420 100
O.	 Dematerialization of Shares and Liquidity:
	 	As on May 08, 2026, being the date of listing of equity 
shares of the Company on the Stock Exchanges, the 
entire issued and paid-up equity share capital of 
the Company was held in dematerialised form under 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN): 
INE12F801023. The Company’s equity shares are 
admitted for trading on the National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited and BSE Limited.
P.	 	Outstanding GDRs/ADRs/Warrants/
Convertible Instruments:
	 	The Company did not have any outstanding Global 
Depository Receipts (GDRs), American Depository 
Receipts (ADRs)/Warrants/Convertible Instruments 
as on March 31, 2026.
Q.	 	Foreign Exchange Risk and Hedging Activities:
	 	The details of foreign exchange inflow and outflow 
are provided in Note No. 41 to the standalone 
financial statements forming part of this Report.
	 	During the financial year 2025-26, there were no 
hedging activities undertaken by the Company.
R.	 	Credit Ratings:
	 	As on March 31, 2026, the Company, did not have 
any outstanding rated debt securities or any other 
rated instrument requiring disclosure under the SEBI 
Listing Regulations.
S.	 Disclosures:
	 1.	 Related Party Transactions.
	 	 	During the year under review, the Company 
has not entered into any Material Related Party 
transaction(s) that may have potential conflict 
with the interests of Company at large. All 
contracts/arrangements/transactions entered 
by the Company with related parties were in its 
ordinary course of business and on an arm’s 
length basis.
	 	 	The disclosures in relation to the transactions 
with related parties pursuant to IND AS 24 
are provided in Note No. 34 of the standalone 
financial statements forming part of this Report.
	 	 	The “Policy on dealing with Related Party 
Transactions” of the Company is available on its 
website at www.kissht.com .
	 2.	 Compliance.
	 	 	There have been no instances of non-
compliance by the Company on any matter 
relating to the capital markets, nor any penalty 
or stricture has been imposed on the Company 
by the Stock Exchanges, SEBI or any other 
statutory authority on such matters related to 
capital markets during the last three years.
	 3.	 	Whistle Blower Policy (Vigil Mechanism).
	 	 	The Company has established a vigil 
mechanism through its Whistle Blower Policy 
to enable employees and other stakeholders to 
report genuine concerns regarding unethical 
behaviour, actual or suspected fraud or 
violation of the Company’s Code of Conduct 
and no personnel has been denied access to 
the Audit Committee.
	 4.	 	Compliance with mandatory requirements 
and adoption of the non-mandatory 
requirements of Corporate Governance.
	 	 	The Company is complying with all the 
mandatory requirements of SEBI Listing 
Regulations, as applicable from time to time.
	 5.	 	Disclosure of commodity price risks and 
commodity hedging activities.
	 	 	Not applicable during the financial year 
2025-26.
ANNEXURE I
Report on Corporate Governance
	 6.	 	Details of utilization of funds raised 
through preferential allotment or qualified 
institutions placement as specified under 
Regulation 32(7A).
	 	 	During the year under review, the Company 
has not raised any funds through preferential 
allotment or qualified institutional placement as 
specified under Regulation 32(7A) of the SEBI 
Listing Regulations.
	 7.	 	Certificate from a Company Secretary in 
practice.
	 	 	The certificate from a company secretary in 
practice, issued under Regulation 34(3) read 
with Schedule V Para C Clause (10)(i) of the 
SEBI Listing Regulations, confirming that none 
of the directors on the board of the Company 
have been debarred or disqualified from 
being appointed or continuing as directors of 
companies by the SEBI/Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs or any such statutory authority is 
attached to this Report as Annexure A.
	 8.	 	Recommendation by the Committee to the 
Board.
	 	 	During the financial year 2025-26, the Board 
has accepted all mandatory recommendation 
of Committees.
	 9.	 	Fees paid to the Statutory Auditors.
	 	 	The details of total fees paid by the Company 
and its subsidiary on consolidated basis to the 
statutory auditors are as follows:
Sr 
No Particulars Amount (₹)
1. Statutory Audit 49,00,000/-
2. Tax audit 1,00,000/-
3. Other Services 50,00,000/-
Total 1,00,00,000/-
	 10.	 	Disclosure of Loans and advances in the 
nature of Loans.
	 	 	The Company has not given any Loans and 
advances in the nature of loans to firms/
companies in which directors are interested 
except as disclosed under Note No. 34 of the 
Standalone Financial Statements forming part 
of this Annual Report.
	 11.	 	Details of material subsidiaries of the 
listed entity; including the date and place 
of incorporation and the name and date of 
appointment of the statutory auditors of 
such subsidiaries.
	 	 	Si Creva is the wholly owned material subsidiary 
of the Company, Si Creva was originally 
incorporated as ‘Si-Creva Technology Private 
Limited’ as a private limited company under 
the Companies Act, 2013, pursuant to a 
certificate of incorporation dated July 08, 
2015, issued by the Registrar of Companies, 
Maharashtra at Mumbai ( “RoC Mumbai” ). 
Subsequently, the name of the Subsidiary 
was changed to its current name ‘Si Creva 
Capital Services Private Limited’ and a fresh 
certificate of incorporation dated November 
06, 2015, was issued by the RoC Mumbai to 
the Subsidiary. Its corporate identification 
number is U65923MH2015PTC266425. The 
registered office of Si Creva is located at 10 th 
Floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg, Kurla 
(West), Mumbai - 400070, Maharashtra, India. 
M/s Chhajed & Doshi, Chartered Accountants 
(“Statutory Auditors” ), were appointed as the 
Statutory Auditors of Si Creva at the Annual 
General Meeting held on August 26, 2024.
	 12.	 	Disclosure on compliance of any 
requirement of corporate governance 
report of sub-paras (2) to (10) above, with 
reasons thereof shall be disclosed.
	 	 	The Company has complied with the 
requirements of Part C (Corporate Governance 
Report) of sub-paras (2) to (10) of Schedule V 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations.
	 13.	 Code of Conduct.
	 	 	The Board of Directors and the Senior 
Management Personnel have issued 
confirmations with respect to compliance 
with the Code of Conduct, during the year 
under review.
	 	 	A declaration from the CEO & Executive Director 
affirming compliance of code of conduct by 
the Board Members and Senior Management 
Personnel is attached to this report as 
Annexure B.
	 14.	 CEO/CFO certification.
	 	 	The requisite certification from the Chief 
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for 
the financial year 2025-26 required to be given 
under Regulations 17(8) of the SEBI Listing 
Regulations was placed before the Board of 
Directors of the Company at its meeting held on 
9796 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 52]
May 27 , 2026 and the same is annexed to the 
report as Annexure C.
	 15.	 	Disclosure of certain types of agreements 
binding listed entities.
	 	 	The Shareholders, promoters, promoter 
group entities, related parties, directors, 
key managerial personnel, employees of the 
Company have not entered any agreement 
among themselves or with the Company or 
with a third party, solely or jointly, which, 
either directly or indirectly or potentially or 
whose purpose and effect is to, impact the 
management or control of the Company or 
impose any restriction or create any liability 
upon the Company.
	 16.	 	Compliance with Large Corporate framework.
	 	 	During the year under review, the Large 
Corporate framework was not applicable to 
the Company.
	 17.	 	Disclosures with respect to demat suspense account/ unclaimed suspense account.
	 	 	The Company has opened a Demat Suspense Account pursuant to the conversion of Series B Compulsorily 
Convertible Preference Shares ( “CCPS”) into equity shares, in respect of an individual shareholder who did 
not hold a demat account at the time of such conversion. The equity shares pertaining to such shareholder 
are currently held in the Demat Suspense Account and shall be transferred to the respective beneficiary 
account upon receipt of the requisite demat account details and completion of the applicable formalities.
Particulars Details
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 
suspense account lying at the beginning of the year;
Nil
Number of shareholders who approached listed entity for transfer of 
shares from suspense account during the year;
Nil
Number of shareholders to whom shares were transferred from suspense 
account during the year;
Nil
Aggregate number of shareholders and the outstanding shares in the 
suspense account lying at the end of the year;
Aggregate number of shareholder – 1
Outstanding shares in the suspense account 
lying at the end of the year – 2,140
That the voting rights on these shares shall remain frozen till the rightful 
owner of such shares claims the shares.
Yes
	 18.	 	Transfer of Unpaid/Unclaimed amounts to 
Investor Education and Protection Fund 
(IEPF).
	 	 	During the year under review, the Company was 
not required to transfer any amount to IEPF.
	 19.	 	Plant Location and Correspondence address.
	 	 	The Company is engaged in the business of 
technology-enabled financial services and 
does not have any manufacturing or processing 
facilities. The registered office of the Company 
is at 10th Floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg, 
Kurla West, Mumbai City, Mumbai – 400070.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Sd/- Sd/-
Ranvir Singh Krishnan Vishwanathan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director
DIN: 06673951 DIN: 07191366
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
ANNEXURE I
Report on Corporate Governance
ANNEXURE A
Certificate of Non-Disqualification of Directors
[Pursuant to Schedule V Para C clause (10)(i) of the
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]
To,
The Members,
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
10th floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg,
Kurla West, Mumbai – 400070, Maharashtra, India.
I have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of 
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited) having CIN: 
L72900MH2016PLC282573 and having Registered Office at 10th floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg, Kurla West, 
Mumbai – 400070, Maharashtra, India (hereinafter referred to as the “Company” ), as produced before me by the 
Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Schedule V Para C sub clause 10 (i) of the 
Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
As on March 31, 2026, the Board of Directors of the Company comprises of the following directors:
Sr. 
No. Name of the Directors DIN
Date of 
appointment in 
the Company
1. Mr. Ranvir Singh 06673951 02/01/2017
2. Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 07191366 18/06/2016
3. Mr. Piyush Kharbanda* 08126225 26/12/2018
4. Mr. Alok Bansal 01653526 16/06/2025
5. Ms. Sangeeta Tanwani 03321646 16/06/2025
6. Mr. Yogesh Chadha 01681680 02/12/2025
*Mr. Piyush Kharbanda has tendered his resignation from the position of Non-Executive Nominee Director of the Company with effect from 
the close of business hours of August 17, 2026 due to pre-occupation and personal reasons.
In my opinion and to the best of my information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification 
Number (DIN) status at the portal www.mca.gov.in) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to me by 
the Company & its officers, I hereby certify that none of the following Directors on the Board of the Company as 
stated below for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or 
continuing as Directors of the Company by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs 
or any such other Statutory Authority.
Ensuring the eligibility for the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the 
management of the Company. My responsibility is to express an opinion on this based on my verification. This 
certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with 
which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Sd/-
Ramadevi Satish Venigalla
Practicing Company Secretary
C.P. No.: 17889
FCS. No.: 7345
Peer Review Certificate No. 2058/2022
UDIN: F007345H001236837
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
9998 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 53]
ANNEXURE B
Certificate of Code of Conduct
(Pursuant to Regulation 17(5) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015)
To
The Board of Directors,
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
10th floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg,
Kurla West, Mumbai – 400070, Maharashtra, India.
I, Ranvir Singh, Chief Executive Officer of OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited, to the best of my knowledge and 
belief, hereby confirm that all Board Members and Senior Management Personnel have, for the year ended March 31, 
2026 affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct laid down by the Board of Directors in terms of Regulation 17(5) 
of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Sd/-
Ranvir Singh
Chief Executive Officer
DIN: 06673951
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
ANNEXURE C
CEO & CFO Certificate Under Regulation 17(8) of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
To,
The Board of Directors
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
We, the undersigned, in our respective capacities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of OnEMI 
Technology Solutions Limited (“Company”), hereby certify that:-
A.	 	We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year and that to the best of our 
knowledge and belief:
	 (i)	 	These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain 
statements that might be misleading;
	 (ii)	 	These statements together present a true and fair view of the Company’s affairs and are in compliance with 
existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
B.	 	There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the Company during the year 
which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the Company’s code of conduct.
C.	 	We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we 
have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the Company pertaining to financial reporting and 
we have disclosed to the auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal 
controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
D.	 	We confirm to the auditors and the Audit committee that there are no:
	 (i)	 	significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year;
	 (ii)	 	significant changes in accounting policies during the year and that the same have been disclosed in the 
notes to the financial statements; and
	 (iii)	 	instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of 
the management or an employee having a significant role in the Company’s internal control system over 
financial reporting.
Sd/- Sd/-
Ranvir Singh Krishnan Vishwanathan
Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer
Date: May 27, 2026
Place: Mumbai
101100 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 54]
ANNEXURE II
Form No. MR-3
Secretarial Audit Report
For the Financial Year Ended March 31, 2026
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
10th Floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg,
Kurla West, Mumbai-400070, Maharashtra, India
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance 
of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to 
good corporate practices by OnEMI Technology Solutions 
Limited (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions 
Private Limited), CIN: L72900MH2016PLC282573, 
having its registered office situated at 10 th Floor, Tower 
4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg, Kurla West, Mumbai - 
400070, Maharashtra, India (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Company” ). The Secretarial Audit was conducted 
in a manner that provided me with a reasonable basis for 
evaluating the corporate conduct/statutory compliances 
and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Company’s books, 
papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and 
other records maintained by the Company and also the 
information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the conduct of 
secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, 
the Company has, during the audit period covering the 
financial year ended on March 31, 2026 complied with 
the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that 
the Company has followed proper Board-processes and 
compliance mechanisms in place to the extent, in the 
manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms 
and returns filed and other records maintained by the 
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026, 
according to the provisions of:
i.	 	The Companies Act, 2013 (the “Act”) and the rules 
made thereunder;
ii.	 	The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 
(“SCRA” ) and the rules made thereunder; (Not 
applicable during the audit period)
iii.	 	The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and 
Bye-laws framed thereunder;
iv.	 	The Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and 
the rules and regulations made thereunder to the 
extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct 
Investment and External Commercial Borrowings, 
if any;
v.	 	The Insurance Regulatory and Development 
Authority of India (Registration of Corporate Agents) 
Regulations, 2015 and circulars issued thereunder.
vi.	 	The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Act, 1992 as amended from time to time ( “SEBI 
Act”):- (Not applicable during the audit period)
	 a.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; (Not applicable 
during the audit period)
	 b.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015; (Not applicable during the audit period)
	 c.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018, as amended from time to 
time; (Not applicable during the audit period)
	 d.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable 
during the audit period)
	 e.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015. (Not 
applicable during the audit period)
	 f.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; 
(Not applicable during the audit period)
	 g.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible 
Securities) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable 
during the audit period)
	 h.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer 
Agents) Regulations, 2025 regarding the Act 
and dealing with client; (Not applicable during 
the audit period)
	 i.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; 
(Not applicable during the audit period)
	 j.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 
2018 (Not applicable during the audit period)
vii.	 	Other laws informed by the Management of the 
Company, as applicable, to the Company
I have relied on the representation made by the Company 
and its officers of the systems and mechanism formed by 
the Company for compliances under various applicable 
Laws, Rules and Regulations.
I have also examined compliance with the applicable 
clauses of the following:
i.	 	Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India on meetings of the 
Board of Directors and general meetings.
ii.	 	Listing Agreements entered into by the Company 
with BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited (Not Applicable during the audit 
period)
During the period under review the Company has 
complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc.
I further report that:
• The Board of Directors of the Company is duly 
constituted with proper balance of Executive 
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent 
Directors. The changes in the composition of the 
Board of Directors that took place during the period 
under review were carried out in compliance with 
the provisions of the Act.
• Adequate notice was given to all directors to 
schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed 
notes on agenda were sent as per the requirements 
of the statute and a system exists for seeking and 
obtaining further information and clarifications 
on the agenda items before the meeting and for 
meaningful participation at the meeting.
• As per the minutes of the meetings duly recorded 
and signed by them, the decisions of the Board 
were unanimous, and no dissenting views have 
been recorded
I further report that based on the review of the 
compliance reports/certificates of the Company 
Secretary which were taken on record by the Board of 
Directors, there are adequate systems and processes in 
the Company commensurate with the size and operations 
of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations, and guidelines
I further report that during the audit period there were no 
major bearing on the Company’s affairs in pursuance of 
the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines, 
standards etc. However, as on the date of signing of 
this report, the Company had following specific events/
actions having a major bearing on the Company’s affairs:
The Company successfully completed its Initial Public 
Offering (“IPO”), comprising a fresh issue of 49,707 ,602 
equity shares and an offer for sale of 4,439,788 equity 
shares by the selling shareholders, in accordance with 
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of 
Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, 
as amended. Pursuant to the successful completion of 
the IPO, the equity shares of the Company were listed 
on BSE Limited and the National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited with effect from May 08, 2026.
Sd/-
Ramadevi Satish Venigalla
Practicing Company Secretary
C.P. No.: 17889
FCS. No.: 7345
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 26, 2026
Peer Review Certificate No.2058/2022
UDIN: F007345H001236837
Note: This report is to be read with our letter of even date 
which is annexed as Annexure 1  and forms an integral 
part of this report.
Form No. MR-3
Secretarial Audit Report
103102 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 55]
ANNEXURE 1
To,
The Members,
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
10th Floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg,
Kurla West, Mumbai-400070, Maharashtra, India
My Secretarial Audit Report of even date is to be read along with this letter:
Management’s Responsibility Statement
i.	 	Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is 
to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
Auditor’s Responsibility Statement
i.	 	I have followed the audit practices and processes as appropriate to obtain responsible assurance about the 
correctness of the contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct 
facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices that I follow provide a 
responsible basis for my opinion.
ii.	 	I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of 
the Company.
iii.	 	Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happenings of events etc.
Disclaimer
i.	 	The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the 
responsibility of management. My examination was limited to verification of procedures on test basis.
ii.	 	The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Sd/-
Ramadevi Satish Venigalla
Practicing Company Secretary
C.P. No.: 17889
FCS. No.: 7345
Place: Mumbai
Date: August 26, 2026
Peer Review Certificate No.2058/2022
UDIN: F007345H001236837
Form No. MR-3
Secretarial Audit Report
For the Financial Year Ended March 31, 2026
[Pursuant to section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 
and Rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and 
Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]
To,
The Members,
SI CREVA CAPITAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED
10TH FLOOR, TOWER 4, EQUINOX PARK,
LBS MARG, KURLA WEST,
MUMBAI-400070, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA
I have conducted the secretarial audit of the 
compliance of applicable statutory provisions and 
the adherence to good corporate practices by SI 
CREVA CAPITAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED, CIN: 
U65923MH2015PTC266425,  having its registered 
office situated at 10 th f l o o r ,  T o w e r  4 ,  E q u i n o x  P a r k ,  
LBS Marg, Kurla West, Mumbai - 400070 (hereinafter 
referred to as “the Company”). The Secretarial Audit was 
conducted in a manner that provided me a reasonable 
basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/statutory 
compliances and expressing my opinion thereon.
Based on my verification of the Company’s books, 
papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and 
other records maintained by the Company and also the 
information provided by the Company, its officers, agents 
and authorized representatives during the conduct of 
secretarial audit, I hereby report that in my opinion, 
the Company has, during the audit period covering the 
financial year ended on March 31, 2026 complied with 
the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the 
Company has proper board-processes and compliance-
mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and 
subject to the reporting made hereinafter:
I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms 
and returns filed and other records maintained by the 
Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2026 
according to the provisions of:
i.	 	The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules 
made thereunder;
ii.	 	The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 
(‘SCRA’) and the rules made thereunder; (Not 
applicable during the audit period)
iii.	 	The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and 
Bye-laws framed thereunder;
iv.	 	Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and 
the rules and regulations made thereunder to the 
extent of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct 
Investment and External Commercial Borrowings, 
if any;
v.	 	The following Regulations and Guidelines prescribed 
under the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Act, 1992 as amended from time to time (‘SEBI 
Act’):- (Not applicable during the audit period)
	 a.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; (Not applicable 
during the audit period)
	 b.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 
2015; (Not applicable during the audit period)
	 c.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2018as amended from time to 
time; (Not applicable during the audit period)
	 d.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015; (Not 
applicable during the audit period)
	 e.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021; (Not applicable 
during the audit period)
	 f.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; 
(Not applicable during the audit period)
	 g.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible 
Securities) Regulation, 2021; (Not applicable 
during the audit period)
	 h.	 	The Securities Exchange Board of India 
(Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer 
Agents) Regulations, 2025 regarding the Act 
and dealing with client; (Not applicable during 
the audit period)
	 i.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021; 
(Not applicable during the audit period)
	 j.	 	The Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations 
2018 (Not applicable during the audit period)
vi.	 	The management has identified and confirmed 
the following laws as specifically applicable to 
the Company;
-	 	I also verified the Master Direction – Reserve Bank 
of India (Non-Banking Financial Companies – 
Registration, Exemptions and Framework for Scale 
Based Regulation) Directions, 2025 issued by the 
Reserve Bank of India along with other Notifications, 
Guidelines, Circulars, Directions.
105104 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 56]
-	 	The Sexual Harassment of Women at workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013.
I have relied on the representation made by the Company 
and its officers of the systems and mechanism formed 
by the Company for compliances under various other 
applicable Laws, Rules and Regulations.
I have also examined compliance with the applicable 
clauses of the following:
i.	 	Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of 
Company Secretaries of India on meetings of the 
Board of Directors and general meetings
During the period under review the Company has 
complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, 
Regulations, Guidelines, Standards, etc.
I further report that:
• The Board of Directors of the Company is duly 
constituted with proper balance of Executive 
Directors, Non-Executive Directors and Independent 
Directors. The changes in the composition of the 
Board of Directors that took place during the period 
under review were carried out in compliance with 
the provisions of the Act.
• Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule 
the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on 
agenda were sent as per the requirements of the 
statute and a system exists for seeking and obtaining 
further information and clarifications on the agenda 
items before the meeting and for meaningful 
participation at the meeting.
• As per the minutes of the meetings duly recorded 
and signed by them, the decisions of the Board 
were unanimous, and no dissenting views have 
been recorded
I further report that based on the review of the 
compliance reports/certificates of the Company 
Secretary which were taken on record by the Board of 
Directors, there are adequate systems and processes in 
the company commensurate with the size and operations 
of the company to monitor and ensure compliance with 
applicable laws, rules, regulations, and guidelines
I further report that during the audit period there were no 
major bearing on the Company’s affairs in pursuance of 
the above referred laws, rules, regulations, guidelines etc. 
Sd/-
Ramadevi Satish Venigalla
Practicing Company Secretary
C.P. No.: 17889
FCS. No.: 7345
Place: Mumbai
Date: July 29, 2026
Peer Review Certificate No.2058/2022
UDIN: F007345H000973827
This Report is to be read with our letter of even date 
which is annexed as Annexure 1  and forms an integral 
part of this report.
Form No. MR-3
Secretarial Audit Report
ANNEXURE 1
To,
The Members,
SI CREVA CAPITAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED
10th floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg, Kurla West, Mumbai - 400070.
My Secretarial Audit Report of even dated is to be read along with this letter:
Management’s Responsibility Statement
i.	 	Maintenance of secretarial records is the responsibility of the management of the Company. My responsibility is 
to express an opinion on these secretarial records based on my audit.
Auditor’s Responsibility Statement
i.	 	I have followed the audit practices and processes as appropriate to obtain responsible assurance about the 
correctness of the contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct 
facts are reflected in secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices that I follow provide a 
responsible basis for my opinion.
ii.	 	I have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and books of accounts of 
the Company.
iii.	 	Wherever required, I have obtained the management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and 
regulations and happenings of events etc.
Disclaimer
i.	 	The compliance of the provisions of corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and standards is the 
responsibility of management. My examination was limited to verification of procedures on test basis.
ii.	 	The secretarial audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficacy or 
effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
Sd/-
Ramadevi Satish Venigalla
Practicing Company Secretary
C.P. No.: 17889
FCS. No.: 7345
Place: Mumbai
Date: July 29, 2026
Peer Review Certificate No.2058/2022
UDIN: F007345H000973827
107106 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 57]
ANNEXURE III
AOC-1
(Pursuant to first proviso to sub-section (3) of section 129 read with rule 5 of Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)
Statement containing salient features of the financial statement of subsidiaries/associate 
companies/joint ventures (Amount in million)
Part “A”: Subsidiaries
(₹ In Millions)
1. Number of Subsidiaries 1
2. Name of the subsidiary Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited
3. The date since when subsidiary was acquired May 08, 2017
4. Reporting period for the subsidiary concerned, if different from the holding 
company’s reporting period.
Not Applicable
5. Reporting currency and Exchange rate as on the last date of the relevant Financial 
year in the case of foreign subsidiaries.
Not Applicable
6. Share capital 100.00
7. Reserves and surplus 12,219.84
8. Total assets 37,300.10
9. Total Liabilities 24,980.26
10. Investments 80.45
11. Turnover 15,413.26
12. Profit before taxation 1,990.51
13. Provision for taxation 508.14
14. Profit after taxation 1,482.37
15. Proposed Dividend -
16. Extent of shareholding (in percentage) 100%
1.	 	Names of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures which are yet to commence operations – Not applicable
2.	 	Names of subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures which have been liquidated or sold during the year – 
Not applicable
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Sd/- Sd/-
Ranvir Singh Krishnan Vishwanathan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director
DIN: 06673951 DIN: 07191366
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
Part “B”: Associates and Joint Ventures
The Company had no Associate and Joint Venture Companies during the year.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Sd/- Sd/-
Ranvir Singh Krishnan Vishwanathan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director
DIN: 06673951 DIN: 07191366
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
109108 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 58]
ANNEXURE IV
Form AOC-2
[Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 
2014]
Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the Company with 
related parties referred to in sub section (1) of Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including 
certain arm’s length transaction under third proviso thereto.
1.	 Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm’s length basis – Not Applicable
2.	 Details of material contracts or arrangements or transactions at arm’s length basis
Particulars Details of the related party transactions
Name (s) of the related party Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited
Nature of relationship Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company
Nature of contracts/ arrangements/ 
transaction
Availing or rendering of any services
Duration of the contracts/ 
arrangements/ transaction
Cost and Revenue Sharing Agreement (“Agreement”) for as long as the services are 
availed by the Subsidiary Company from the Company.
Salient terms of the contracts 
or arrangements or transaction 
including actual / expected 
contractual amount
Rendering of services as and when required in the ordinary course of business and 
receipt of fees in accordance with the Agreement and such other terms as defined in 
the Agreement.
Value: As per Note No 34 of Standalone Financial Statement.
Date of approval by the Board Not applicable, as passing of resolution is exempt since the transaction with the 
Wholly Owned Subsidiary Company is in the ordinary course of business and at arm’s 
length basis.
Amount paid as advances, if any Nil
The details of the other related party transactions including amount has been mentioned in the 
notes forming part of the Financial statement at Note no. 34.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Sd/- Sd/-
Ranvir Singh Krishnan Vishwanathan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director
DIN: 06673951 DIN: 07191366
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
ANNEXURE V
Annual Report on CSR 
(Pursuant to Rule 8 of The Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014)
1.	 	Brief outline on CSR Policy of the Company: The objective of the Corporate Social Responsibility ( “CSR”) Policy 
is to actively contribute to the social, environmental and economic, development of the society in which the 
Company operates. The Board may take up projects, programs or activities ( “CSR activities” ) as envisaged 
in Schedule VII of the Companies Act, 2013, as it may deem expedient from time to time, development of the 
society in which the Company operates.
2.	 Composition of CSR Committee:
Sr. 
No. Name of Directors
Designation /
Nature of
Directorship
Number of 
meetings of CSR 
Committee held 
during the year
Number of 
meetings of 
CSR Committee 
attended during 
the year
1. Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan CFO, Executive Director, Chairman and Member of the 
Committee
2 2
2. Mr. Ranvir Singh CEO, Executive Director and Member 2 2
3. Mr. Alok Bansal Independent Director and Member 2 1
3.	 	The web-link(s) where composition of CSR committee, CSR Policy and CSR projects approved by the Board are 
disclosed on the website of the Company at the following links:
	 a.	 	Composition of CSR Committee: Click Here
	 b.	 	CSR Policy: Click Here
	 c.	 	CSR Projects : Click Here
4.	 	The executive summary along with web-link(s) of impact assessment of CSR projects carried out in pursuance 
of sub-rule (3) of rule 8 of the Companies (Corporate Social responsibility Policy) Rules, 2014, if applicable: 
Not Applicable
5.	 (a)	 	Average net profit of the company as per section 135(5): ₹ 70,10,32,965/-
	 (b)	 	Two percent of average net profit of the Company as per section 135(5): ₹ 1,40,20,659.30/-
	 (c)	 	Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years: Nil
	 (d)	 	Amount required to be set off for the financial year, if any: Nil
	 (e)	 	Total CSR obligation for the financial year (5b+5c-5d): ₹ 1,40,20,659.30/-
6.	 (a)	 	Amount spent on CSR Projects (both ongoing projects and other than ongoing projects): ₹ 1,40,20,659.30/-
	 (b)	 	Amount spent in Administrative Overheads: Nil
	 (c)	 	Amount spent on Impact Assessment, if applicable: Nil
	 (d)	 	Total amount spent for the financial year (6a+6b+6c): ₹ 1,40,20,659.30/-
	 (e)	 	CSR amount spent or unspent for the financial year:
Total Amount Spent for 
the Financial Year
(in ₹)
Amount unspent (in ₹)
Total amount transferred to Unspent 
CSR Account as per section 135(6).
Amount transferred to any fund specified under Schedule 
VII as per second proviso to section 135(5).
Amount. Date of transfer. Name of the	
Fund Amount. Date of transfer.
1,40,20,659.30 Nil NA NA NA NA
111110 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 59]
	 (f)	 	Excess amount for set off, if any: Nil
Sl. 
No. Particular Amount (in ₹)
(i) Two percent of average net profit of the company as per section 135(5) 1,40,20,659.30
(ii) Total amount spent for the financial year 1,40,20,659.30
(iii) Excess amount spent for the financial year [(ii)-(i)] Nil
(iv) Surplus arising out of the CSR projects or programmes or activities of the previous financial years, 
if any
Nil
(v) Amount available for set off in succeeding financial years [(iii)-(iv)] Nil
7 .	 Details of Unspent CSR amount for the preceding three financial years: Nil
8.	 	Whether any capital assets have been created or acquired through Corporate Social Responsibility amount spent 
in the Financial Year: Not Applicable
9.	 	Specify the reason(s), if the company has failed to spend two percent of the average net profit as per section 
135(5): Not Applicable
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Sd/- Sd/-
Ranvir Singh Krishnan Vishwanathan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director Chief Financial Officer, Executive Director & 
Chairman of CSR Committee
DIN: 06673951 DIN: 07191366
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
ANNEXURE V ANNEXURE VI
INFORMATION PERTAINING TO REMUNERATION AS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 
197(12) OF THE COMPANIES ACT, 2013 READ WITH RULE 5(1) OF THE COMPANIES 
(APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF MANAGERIAL PERSONNEL) RULES, 2014.
1.	 	The percentage increase in remuneration of each Director, Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary during 
the financial year and ratio of the remuneration of each Director to the median remuneration of the employees of 
the Company for the financial year are as under:
Sr 
No Name of Director/ KMP Designation
% change in 
remuneration 
in the Financial 
Year 2025-2026
Ratio of 
remuneration
of each Director
to median 
remuneration of 
employees
1. Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director 0% 8.23
2. Mr. Ranvir Singh Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director 0% 8.23
3. Mr. Amit Gupta* Chief Financial Officer 0% 3.18
4. Ms. Shraddha Patangia Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 32% 1.31
	 	* Mr. Amit Gupta resigned from the position of Chief Financial Officer and KMP with effect from July 17, 2025.
2.	 	The median remuneration of employees of your Company during the financial year 2025-26 was Rs.12,15,091 
per annum.
3.	 	The median remuneration of employees increased by 5.65% during financial year 2025-26 as compared to 
financial year 2024-25.
4.	 	There were 283 permanent employees on the rolls of the Company as on March 31, 2026.
5.	 	Average annual percentage increase in the remuneration of employees other than the managerial personnel in 
the financial year 2025-26 is 8.03%.
6.	 	Average annual percentage increase in the remuneration of the Managerial Personnel was 12.53% in line with 
the Nomination and Remuneration Policy.
7.	 	It is hereby affirmed that the remuneration paid is as per the Nomination and Remuneration Policy.
For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Sd/- Sd/-
Ranvir Singh Krishnan Vishwanathan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director
DIN: 06673951 DIN: 07191366
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
113112 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 60]
Independent Auditor’s Report
To,
The Members of OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (Formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private 
Limited)
Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
Opinion
1.	 	We have audited the accompanying standalone financial statements of OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
(Formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited) (“the Company”), which comprise the 
Standalone Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2026, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other 
Comprehensive Income), the Standalone Statement of Cash Flow and the Standalone Statement of Changes in 
Equity for the year ended on that date and notes to the Standalone Financial Statements, including a summary of 
Material Accounting Policies information and other explanatory notes for the year ended on that date (hereinafter 
referred to as “the Standalone Financial Statements”).
2.	 	In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the aforesaid 
Standalone Financial Statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013, as amended (“the 
Act”) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards 
notified under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as 
amended, (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the 
Company as at March 31, 2026, and its profit and the other comprehensive income, changes in equity and its 
cash flows for the year ended on that date.
Basis for Opinion
3.	 	We conducted our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements in accordance with the Standards on Auditing 
(SA’s) specified under section 143(10) of the Act. Our responsibilities under those SA’s are further described 
in the ‘Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements’ section of our report. We 
are independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants of India (‘ICAI’) together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements under the provisions of the Act and the rules made thereunder, and we have fulfilled our 
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI’s Code of Ethics. We believe 
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on 
the Standalone Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters
4.	 	Key Audit Matters (‘KAM‘) are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our 
audit of the Standalone Financial Statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of 
our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not 
provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be the KAM to 
be communicated in our report.
	 	We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone 
Financial Statements’ section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included 
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of 
the Standalone Financial Statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed 
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying Standalone 
Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters How KAM was addressed in our audit
1.	 	Information technology (IT) systems and controls:
	 	The reliability and security of IT systems plays a pivotal 
role in business operations, financial accounting and 
reporting process of the Company. Since large volume 
of transactions are processed daily through IT system, 
the IT controls are required to ensure that applications 
process the data as expected and the changes are 
made in appropriate manner. Any gaps in IT control 
environment could result in a material misstatement of 
the financial accounting and reporting records.
We performed the following procedures for testing IT systems 
and controls and for assessing the reliability of electronic data 
processing, assisted by our IT specialists:
a.	 	The aspects covered in the IT systems and controls audit 
were (i) User Access Management (ii) Change Management 
(iii) Other related IT controls.
b.	 	Assessed the changes that were made to the key systems 
during the audit period and assessing changes that have 
impact on financial reporting.
	 	Therefore, due to persuasive nature and complexity 
of the IT environment, the assessment of general IT 
controls and the application controls specific to the 
accounting and preparations of financial information is 
considered to be as a key audit matter.
c.	 	Performed tests of controls (including other compensatory 
controls wherever applicable) on the IT controls.
d.	 	Tested the design and operating effectiveness of 
compensating controls, where deficiencies were identified 
and, where necessary, extended the scope of our 
substantive audit procedures.
Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditors’ Report Thereon
5.	 	The Company’s Management and the Board of Directors are responsible for the other information. The other 
information comprises the information included in the Company’s annual report, but does not include the 
Standalone Financial Statements, Consolidated Financial Statements and our auditors’ report thereon. The other 
information is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditors’ report.
	 	Our opinion on the Standalone Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express 
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
6.	 	In connection with our audit of the Standalone Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other 
information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information 
is materially inconsistent with the Standalone Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or 
otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on our work we have performed, we conclude that there is 
a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
	 	When we read the annual report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to 
communicate the matter to those charged with governance and take appropriate action as applicable under the 
relevant laws and regulations.
	Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Standalone Financial 
Statements
7 .		The Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the matters stated in section 134(5) of the 
Act with respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial Statements, in terms of the requirements of the 
Act, that give a true and fair view of the financial position, financial performance including Other Comprehensive 
Income, Changes in Equity and Cash Flows of the Company in accordance with the Ind AS and other accounting 
principles generally accepted in India.
	 	This responsibility also includes maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions 
of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other 
irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates 
that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial 
controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Standalone Financial Statements that give a true and fair view 
and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
8.	 	In preparing the Standalone Financial Statements, the Management and the Board of Directors are responsible 
for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to 
liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
	 	The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
115114 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 61]
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements
9.	 	Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Standalone Financial Statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted 
in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected 
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Standalone Financial Statements.
	 	As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether due 
to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence 
that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material 
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, 
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that 
are appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are also 
responsible for expressing our opinion on whether the company has adequate internal financial controls 
system with reference to Standalone Financial Statements in place and the operating effectiveness of 
such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the Management and the Board of Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the Management and the Board of Directors use of the going concern 
basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists 
related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a 
going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our 
auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the Standalone Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are 
inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date 
of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue 
as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Standalone Financial Statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the Standalone Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
	 	Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable user of the Standalone 
Financial Statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) 
planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any 
identified misstatements in the Standalone Financial Statements.
	 	We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and 
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we 
identify during our audit.
	 	We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
	 	From the matters communicated with the those charged with governance, the Management’s and the Board of 
Directors’, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the Standalone Financial 
Statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our 
auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely 
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the 
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of 
such communication.
Independent Auditor’s Report
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
10.	 	As required by the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 (“the Order”), issued by the Central Government 
of India in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, we give in the “Annexure A” a statement on the 
matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Order, to the extent applicable.
11.	 	As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit we report that:
	 (a)	 	We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit;
	 (b)	 	In our opinion, proper books of accounts as required by law have been kept by the Company so far as it 
appears from our examination of those books and the reports;
	 (c)	 	The Standalone Balance Sheet, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive 
Income), the Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity and the Standalone Statement of Cash Flow dealt 
with by this report are in agreement with the books of account;
	 (d)	 	In our opinion, the aforesaid Standalone Financial Statements comply with the Ind AS notified under Section 
133 of the Act, read with relevant rules of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards), Rules, 2015, 
as amended;
	 (e)	 	On the basis of the written representations received from the directors as on March 31, 2026 taken on 
record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2026 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act;
	 (f)	 	With respect to the adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial 
statements and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in “Annexure B” 
to this report.
	 (g)	 	In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the 
remuneration paid by the Company to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of 
section 197 read with Schedule V to the Act. The remuneration paid to any director is not in excess of the 
limit laid down under section 197 of the Act.
	 (h)	 	With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information 
and according to the explanations given to us:
	 	 i.	 	The Company has disclosed pending litigations as at March 31, 2026 on its financial position in its 
Standalone Financial Statements. (Refer note no. 32 to the Standalone Financial Statements)
	 	 ii.	 	As presented to us, The Company did not have any long term contracts including derivative contracts 
for which there were any for material foreseeable losses.
	 	 iii.	 	There were no amounts which were required to be transferred to the Investor Education and Protection 
Fund by the Company during the year ended March 31, 2026;
	 	 iv.	 a)	 	The Management has represented that, to best of their knowledge and belief, as disclosed in note 
no. 42 to the standalone financial statements, no funds (which are material either individually or 
in aggregate), other than in normal course of business, have been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the 
Company to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (“Intermediaries”), 
with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the Intermediary shall, 
whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner 
whatsoever by or on behalf of the Company (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) or provide any guarantee, 
security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
117116 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 62]
	 	 	 b)	 	The Management has represented, that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, as disclosed in note 
no. 42 to the Standalone Financial Statements, no funds (which are material either individually or in 
aggregate) have been received by the Company from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (“Funding Parties”), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, 
that the Company shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other persons or entities 
identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (“Ultimate Beneficiaries”) 
or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
	 	 	 c)	 	Based on such audit procedures that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances, performed by us, nothing has come to our notice that has caused us to believe that 
the representation under sub-clause (a) and (b) contain any material misstatement.
	 	 v.	 	No dividend has been declared or paid during the year by the Company.
	 	 vi.	 	Based on our examination, which included test checks, the Company has used accounting software’s 
for maintaining its books of account for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 which has a feature of 
recording audit trail (edit log) facility and the same was operational throughout the year for all relevant 
transactions recorded in the software. Further, during the course of our audit we did not come across 
any instance of the audit trail feature in accounting software being tampered with. Additionally, it has 
been observed that the Company has preserved the audit trail records in accordance with statutory 
requirements prescribed for record retention.
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 101872W/W100045
Amrish Thakker
Partner
M. No. 123069
UDIN: 26123069BZJIGQ8797
Date: May 27, 2026
Place: Mumbai
Based on the audit procedures performed for the purpose of reporting a true and fair view on the standalone financial 
statements of the Company and taking into consideration the information and explanations given to us and the books 
of account and other records examined by us in the normal course of audit, we report that:
i.	 	In respect of the Company’s Property, Plant and Equipment and Intangible Assets:
	 (a)	 	As per the information and explanation given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company
	 	 (A)	 	The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars, including quantitative details and 
situation of Property, Plant and Equipment(‘PPE’) and relevant details of right-of-use assets.
	 	 (B)	 	The Company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of Intangible assets.
	 (b)	 	As per the information and explanations given to us, the Property, Plant and Equipment have been physically 
verified by the management during the year and no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification. 
In our opinion, the frequency of verification of the property, plant and equipment is reasonable having regard 
to the size of the Company and the nature of its assets.
	 (c)	 	The company does not hold any immovable property (other than properties where the company is the lessee 
and the lease agreements are duly executed in favour of the lessee) (in the nature of property, plant and 
equipment). Accordingly, the reporting under clause 3 (i) (c) of the order are not applicable.
	 (d)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, the Company has not revalued its Property, Plant and Equipment (including Right-of-use 
assets) or Intangible assets or both during the year accordingly clause (i) (d) of the order is not applicable to 
the Company.
	 (e)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, there are no proceedings initiated or pending against the Company for holding any benami 
property under the Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988 (as amended in 2016) (formerly the Benami 
Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 (45 of 1988) and rules made thereunder.
ii.	 (a)	 	The Company does not hold any inventory as on March 31, 2026. Accordingly, the provisions of clause 3 (ii) (a) of the 
Order are not applicable to the company.
	 (b)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, no working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks or financial 
institutions on the basis of security of current assets has been sanctioned to the Company from banks or financial 
institutions and hence clause (ii) (b) of paragraph of 3 of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
iii.	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of the 
Company, the Company has made investments in, provided guarantee or security and granted loans or advances in 
the nature of loans, secured or unsecured, to companies, firms, limited liability partnerships or any other parties during 
the year, in respect of which necessary details are given as under:
Annexure A to Independent Auditors’ Report
(Referred to in paragraph 9 under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of even 
date, to the member of OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (Formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private 
Limited) (“the Company”), on the standalone financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2026.)
Independent Auditor’s Report
119118 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 63]
	 (a)	 	The Company has provided loans, guarantee, and made investment during the year and details of which are 
given below:
(Amount in Million)
Particulars Loans Guarantees Investment
A.	 	Aggregate amount granted / provided during the year:
	 -	 	Wholly owned Subsidiary 600.00 - 2,250.00
	 -	 	Others 4.74 26,063.44* -
B.	 	Balance outstanding as at balance sheet date in respect of 
above cases:
	 -	 	Wholly owned Subsidiary - - 8,060.01
	 -	 Others 2.44 22,719.86# -
	 	 	*The amount includes Guarantee given during the year pursuant to Business Correspondent arrangement (on account of First 
Loss Default Guarantee) amounting to ₹1,674.33 million and remaining amount of ₹24,389.11 million pertains to Corporate 
Guarantee issued on behalf of subsidiary.
	 	 	#The aggregate exposure of the Company outstanding as at March 31, 2026 in case of First Loss Default Guarantee amounted 
to ₹737.80 million and Corporate guarantee issued on behalf of subsidiary amounted to ₹21,982.06 million
	 (b)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures conducted by 
us, we are of the opinion that the terms and conditions of the loans given are, prima facie, not prejudicial to 
the Company’s 
interest.
	 (c)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the company in the case of loans and advances granted by the Company, the schedule of repayment of 
principal and payment of interest has been stipulated. The repayments of principal amounts and receipts of 
the same have been regular.
	 (d)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and based on the audit procedures performed, in 
respect of loans granted and advances in the nature of loans provided by the Company, there is no amount 
overdue for more than ninety days.
	 (e)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, there is no loan or advance in the nature of loan granted by the Company which has fallen 
due during the year, has been renewed or extended or fresh loans granted to settle the overdues of existing 
loans given to the same parties.
	 (f)	 	To the best of our knowledge and according to information and explanation given to us, the Company has not 
granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on demand or without specifying any 
terms or period of repayment during the year. Hence, reporting under clause 3(iii)(f) is not applicable.
iv.	 	In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination 
of the records of the Company, there are no loans, investment, guarantee and securities given in respect of which 
provision of section 185 and 186 of the Act are applicable and hence not commented upon.
v.	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, the Company has not accepted any deposits or amounts which are deemed to be deposits within 
the meaning of provisions of sections 73 to 76 or any other relevant provision of the Act and the rules framed 
there under. Therefore, the clause (v) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
Annexure A to Independent Auditors’ Report
vi.	 	According to the information and explanations given to us by the Company, the Central Government has not 
prescribed the maintenance of cost records under sub section (1) of Section 148 of the Act in respect of the 
activities undertaken by the Company. Accordingly, paragraph 3(vi) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
vii.	 	In respect of Statutory dues: -
	 (a)	 	In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us and based on the records of 
the Company, undisputed statutory dues including provident fund, income tax, goods and service tax, cess, 
employee’s state insurance and any other statutory dues have been regularly deposited with appropriate 
authorities. As informed, the provisions relating to, service tax, wealth tax, sales tax, value added tax, excise 
duty and customs duty are currently not applicable to the Company. There are no undisputed statutory dues 
payable in respect of Goods and Services Tax, provident fund, employees’ state insurance, income-tax, 
sales-tax, service tax, duty of customs, duty of excise, value added tax, cess and any other statutory dues 
applicable to it, were outstanding, at the year end, for a period of more than six months from the date they 
became payable.
	 (b)	 	According to the records and representation made available to us by the Company, details of statutory dues 
referred to in sub-clause (a) above which have not been deposited as on 31 st March, 2026 on account of 
disputes are given below:
	 	 	Statement of Disputed Dues:
Name of Statutes Nature of the Dues Amount 
(₹ in million)
Period to which the 
amount relates
Forum where 
dispute is Remarks, if any
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax 4.93 A.Y 2022-23 CIT(A)
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax 47.06 A.Y 2019-20 CIT(A)
The Income Tax Act, 1961 Income Tax 0.84 A.Y 2020-21 CIT(A)
Goods and Service Tax Goods and Service Tax 64.68 A.Y. 2021-22* GSTAT
Goods and Service Tax Goods and Service Tax 15.17 A.Y. 2022-23* GSTAT
Goods and Service Tax Goods and Service Tax 39.34 A.Y. 2024-25 Assessing 
Officer
Goods and Service Tax Goods and Service Tax 16.75 A.Y. 2025-26 Assessing 
Officer
	 	 	* The Company has filed an appeal against the tax demand raised by the authorities and has paid ₹3.79 million under protest at 
the time of filing the appeal.
viii.	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records of 
the Company, there are no unrecorded transactions in the books of account, surrendered or disclosed as income 
during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961.
ix.	 (a)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of our examination of the records 
of the Company, the Company has no loans or borrowings payable to a financial institution or a bank or 
government and no dues payable to debenture-holders during the year. Accordingly, the provision of clause 
(ix)(a) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
	 (b)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us by the management, the Company was not declared 
a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender government or government authority.
	 (c)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us by the management, no term loans or funds from 
other entity were availed by the Company during the year. Accordingly, the provision of clause (ix)(c)/(d)/(e) 
and (f) of paragraph 3 of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
x.	 (a)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us by the management and based on our examination 
of the records of the Company, the Company did not raise any money by way of initial public offer or further 
public offer (including debt instruments) during the year.
121120 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 64]
	 (b)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of 
the Company, the Company has made private placement of shares during the year. For such allotment of 
shares, the Company has complied with the requirements of Section 42 and Section 62 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 and the funds raised have been, prima-facie, applied by the company during the year for the 
purposes for which the funds were raised. The Company has not made any private placement of (fully or 
partly) convertible debentures during the year.
xi.	 (a)	 	Based on examination of the books and records of the Company and according to the information and 
explanations given to us, considering the principles of material outlined in Standards on Auditing, we report 
that no fraud by the Company or on the Company has been noticed or reported during the course of the audit.
	 (b)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us, no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 
of the Companies Act has been filed by the auditor in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule 13 of Companies 
(Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 with the Central Government;
	 (c)	 	According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not received any whistle-
blower complaints during the year.
xii.	 	According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company is not a Nidhi Company. Accordingly, 
clause (xii) (a) to (c) of paragraph 3 of the Order are not applicable.
xiii.	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and based on our examination of the records of the 
Company, all transactions with the related parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of the Companies 
Act, 2013 where applicable and the details of such transactions have been disclosed in the notes to standalone 
financial statements as required by the applicable accounting standards.
xiv.	 (a)		According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has an internal audit system 
commensurate with the current size and nature of its business.
	 (b)	 	We have considered the internal audit reports of the Company issued till date for the period under audit.
xv.	 	According to the information and explanations given to us, the Company has not entered into any non-cash 
transactions with directors or persons connected with the directors and hence clause 3(xv) of the Order is not 
applicable to the Company.
xvi.	 (a)		The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. 
Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(a) of the Order is not applicable.
	 (b)	 	The Company is not required to be registered under Section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934. 
Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(b) of the Order is not applicable.
	 (c)	 	The Company is not a Core Investment Company (CIC) as defined in the regulations made by the Reserve 
Bank of India. Accordingly, clause 3(xvi)(c) of the Order is not applicable.
	 (d)	 	According to the information and explanations provided to us during the course of audit, the Group does not 
have any CIC. Accordingly, the requirements of clause 3(xvi)(d) are not applicable.
xvii.		The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current and in the immediately preceding financial year.
xviii.		 There has been no resignation of the statutory auditors during the year and accordingly requirement to report on 
Clause 3(xviii) of the Order is not applicable to the Company.
xix.	 	According to the information and explanations given to us and on the basis of the financial ratios, ageing 
and expected dates of realisation of financial assets and payment of financial liabilities, other information 
accompanying the standalone financial statements, our knowledge of the Board of Directors and management 
plans and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the assumptions, nothing has come to our 
attention, which causes us to believe that any, we are of the opinion that no material uncertainty exists as on 
the date of the audit report and that company is capable of meeting its liabilities existing at the date of balance 
sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that 
this is not an assurance as to the future viability of the Company. We further state that our reporting is based on 
the facts up to the date of the audit report and we neither give any guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities 
falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the Company as and 
when they fall due.
xx.	 	According to the information and explanations given to us, there is no unspent amount under sub-section (5) of 
Section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 pursuant to any project. Accordingly, clauses 3(xx)(a) and 3(xx)(b) of 
the Order are not applicable
xxi.	 	The reporting under paragraph 3(xxi) of the Order is not applicable in respect of audit of standalone financial 
statements. Accordingly, no comment in respect of the said paragraph has been included in the report.
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 101872W/W100045
Amrish Thakker
Partner
M. No. 123069
UDIN: 26123069BZJIGQ8797
Date: May 27, 2026
Place: Mumbai
Annexure A to Independent Auditors’ Report
123122 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 65]
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to standalone financial statements under 
Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the Act”)
1.	 	We have audited the internal financial controls with reference to standalone financial statements of OnEMI 
Technology Solutions Limited (Formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited) (“the Company”) 
as of March 31, 2026 in conjunction with our audit of the standalone financial statements of the Company for the 
year ended on that date.
Opinion
2.	 	In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company has 
maintained, in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system with reference to Standalone 
Financial Statements and such internal financial controls with reference to financial statements were operating 
effectively, as at March 31, 2026, based on internal control system with reference to Standalone Financial 
Statements criteria established by the Company considering the essential components of internal control stated 
in the Guidance Note issued by ICAI.
Management’s Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
3.	 	The Company’s Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial controls based 
on the internal controls over financial reporting criteria established by the Company considering the essential 
components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial 
Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“ICAI”). These 
responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that 
were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence 
to the Company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, 
the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial 
information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s Responsibility
4.	 	Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls with reference to these 
Standalone Financial Statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance 
Note and the Standards on Auditing notified under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit 
of internal financial controls, both issued by ICAI. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply 
with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether internal 
financial controls with reference to these standalone financial statements was established and maintained and 
whether such controls operated effectively in all material respects.
5.	 	Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal financial 
controls system with reference to these Standalone Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. 
Our audit of internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statement included obtaining an 
understanding of internal financial controls with reference to these Standalone Financial Statements, assessing 
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness 
of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, 
including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the Standalone Financial Statements, whether 
due to fraud or error.
6.	 	We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit 
opinion on the Company’s internal financial controls system with reference to Standalone Financial Statements.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements
7 .		A Company’s internal financial controls with reference to the Standalone Financial Statements is a process 
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
the Standalone Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. A Company’s internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements includes 
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately 
Annexure - B to Independent Auditors’ Report
(Referred to in Paragraph 10 (f) under the heading of “Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section 
of our report to the members of OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (Formerly known as OnEMI Technology 
Solutions Private Limited)  of even date)
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable 
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Standalone Financial Statements 
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company 
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Standalone Financial Statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the Standalone Financial 
Statements
8.	 	Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements, 
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due 
to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial 
controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements to future periods are subject to the risk that the 
internal financial controls with reference to Standalone Financial Statements may become inadequate because 
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 101872W/W100045
Amrish Thakker
Partner
M. No. 123069
UDIN: 26123069BZJIGQ8797
Date: May 27, 2026
Place: Mumbai
125124 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 66]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Standalone Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
Particulars Note  As at 
31 March 26 
 As at 
31 March 25 
ASSETS 
Non current assets 
Property, plant and equipment  4(a) 23.95 33.10
Right of use assets  5(a) 166.83 242.86
Other Intangible assets  4(a) 50.32 11.67
Intangible assets under development  4(b) 62.96 47.79
Financial assets 
	 Investments 6 8,060.01 5,810.01
	 Other financial assets 10 622.94 332.54
Deferred tax assets (net) 12 184.03 73.48
Other non-current assets 13 188.03 -
Total non current assets 9,359.07 6,551.45
Current assets 
Financial assets 
	 Trade receivables 7 983.83 817.92
	 Cash and cash equivalents 8 235.84 108.21
	 Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents above 9 212.50 -
	 Other financial assets 10 348.50 1,048.22
Other current assets 13 164.89 62.12
Total current assets 1,945.56 2,036.47
TOTAL ASSETS 11,304.63 8,587.92
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
a)	 Share capital 14(a) 118.78 53.63
b)	 Instruments entirely equity in nature 14(b) - 53.16
c)	 Other equity 15 9,521.79 7,536.80
Total equity 9,640.57 7,643.59
LIABILITIES 
Non current liabilities 
Financial liabilities 
	 Lease liabilities 5(b) 87.57 168.16
	 Other financial liabilities 17 84.89 7.82
Provisions 18 41.03 30.69
Total non current liabilities 213.49 206.67
Current liabilities 
Financial liabilities 
	 Lease liabilities 5(b) 88.20 97.87
	 Trade payables 16
	 (i)	 	Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 113.41 10.68
	 (ii)	 	Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises 
393.93 202.32
	 Other financial liabilities 17 703.92 231.30
Other current liabilities 19 66.01 109.44
Provisions 18 7.04 5.25
Current tax liabilities (net) 11 78.06 80.80
Total current liabilities 1,450.57 737.66
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 11,304.63 8,587.92
Summary of material accounting policies 2-3
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 4-44
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
Standalone Statement of Profit & Loss
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars Note Year ended 	
31 March 2026 
Year ended 	
31 March 2025 
Income
Revenue from operations 20 6,981.74 3,061.79
Other income 21 361.29 154.25
Total income 7,343.03 3,216.04
Expenses  
Employee benefits expenses 22 669.24 978.13
Finance costs 23 31.87 37.00
Depreciation and amortization 24 131.67 139.55
Other expenses 25 4,589.40 1,392.93
Total expenses 5,422.18 2,547.61
Profit before tax 1,920.85 668.43
Tax expense: 26
(1)	 	Current tax 589.60 210.38
(2)	 	(Excess)/short provision of tax for earlier year 0.23 (0.11)
(3)	 	Deferred tax (110.22) (50.82)
Total tax expense 479.61 159.45
Profit after tax for the year 1,441.24 508.98
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
(i)	 Re-measurement of defined benefit plan 29 (1.36) 0.19
(ii)	 Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 26 0.34 (0.05)
Total Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year (1.02) 0.14
Total comprehensive income for the year 1,440.22 509.12
Earnings per Equity share (face value of ₹1/- per equity share) 27
Basic (₹) 23.97 10.49
Diluted (₹) 10.95 4.05
Summary of material accounting policies 2-3
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 4-44
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
127126 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 67]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026 
Year ended 
31 March 2025 
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES :
Profit before tax: 1,920.85 668.43
Adjustments :
Depreciation and amortisation 131.67 139.55
Employee stock option expenses 57.18 376.22
Share based payment stock option 40.01 11.62
Provision for gratuity 9.12 (1.42)
Provision for leave encashment 8.90 0.45
(Profit)/loss on sale of assets (net) (0.32) (1.36)
Gain on termination of lease (14.41) (1.54)
Interest on unwinding of security deposits (7.01) (6.46)
Provision on off balance sheet exposure 239.57 138.01
Interest expenses on lease liability 31.71 35.52
Interest income (66.12) (69.26)
Interest income on bank deposits (55.37) (10.88)
Operating profit before working capital changes 2,295.78 1,278.88
Working capital adjustments:
(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables (165.90) 524.69
(Increase)/decrease in other financial assets (78.55) (1,025.22)
(Increase) /decrease in other non current/current assets (250.80) (12.94)
Increase/(decrease) in trade payables 294.34 94.16
Increase/(decrease) in other financial liabilities 310.18 68.71
Increase/(decrease) in provisions (7.24) 0.19
Increase/(decrease) in other non current/current liabilities (43.43) (99.07)
Cash generated/(used in) from operations 2,354.38 829.40
Less : Income taxes paid (net of refunds) (592.56) (147.28)
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities (A) 1,761.82 682.12
CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES :
Interest income on bank deposits 55.37 10.88
Investment in subsidiary (2,250.00) (1,500.00)
Purchase/sale of Property, Plant & Equipment & Intangible Assets (67.20) (49.80)
Bank deposits with original maturity of more than 12 months (530.09) (276.11)
Bank deposits with original maturity of more than 3 months but less than 12 months (212.50) 4.03
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing activities (B) (3,004.42) (1,811.00)
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES :
Proceeds from issue of equity and preference shares (including securities premium) 183.32 0.05
ESOP issued to employee of Subsidiary company 236.17 136.73
Interest received on loan to subsidiary company 59.51 69.26
Loan given to subsidiary company (600.00) (183.21)
Recovery of loan from subsidiary company 1,627.59 135.11
Payment of lease liability (136.36) (125.80)
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities (C) 1,370.23 32.14
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026 
Year ended 
31 March 2025 
Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash and Bank Balances (A+B+C) 127.63 (1,096.74)
Add : Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 108.21 1,204.95
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 235.84 108.21
Cash and cash equivalents as per above comprise of the following
Cash on hand - -
Balance with banks:
-	 In current accounts 108.33 8.17
-	 In bank deposits (with original maturity of less than 3 months) 127.51 100.04
Balance as per standalone statement of cash flows 235.84 108.21
Statement of cash flows has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in the Ind AS 7 ”Statement of Cash Flows” as 
specified in the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
Summary of material accounting policies 2-3
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 4-44
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
Standalone Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31, 2026
129128 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 68]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended March 31, 2026
A.	 Share capital
Particulars  As at 31 March 2026  As at 31 March 2025 
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity shares outstanding at the beginning of the year 5,36,30,870* 53.63 47,80,175 47.80
Add: Changes in equity shares due to prior period errors - - - -
Restated balance at the beginning of the year 5,36,30,870 53.63 47,80,175 47.80
Add : Issued against ESOP 1,23,670 0.12 - -
Add: Shares issued during the year 4,50,210 0.45 5,82,912 5.83
Add: Conversion of Preference shares into Equity shares 6,45,70,670 64.58 - -
Total Equity Share Capital 11,87,75,420 118.78 53,63,087 53.63
*Above mentioned numbers are Post-split i.e. the Company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f. 
8 July, 2025.
B.	 Instruments entirely equity in nature
Particulars  As at 31 March 2026  As at 31 March 2025 
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Preference shares outstanding at the beginning of the year 54,94,603 53.16 54,29,312 52.93
Add: Changes in compulsory convertible preference 
shares due to prior period errors
- - - -
Restated balance at the beginning of the year 54,94,603 53.16 54,29,312 52.93
Add: Shares issued during the year - - 65,295 0.23
Add: Outstanding shares converted into fully paid up - 12.89 - -
Less : Converted into equity shares during the year (54,94,603) (66.05) (4) (0.00)*
Total Preference shares at the end of year - - 54,94,603 53.16
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
C.	 Other equity
Particulars
 Total other equity 
 Securities 
premium account 
 Share based 
Payment Reserve 
 Capital 
Redemption 
Reserve 
 Retained 
earnings  Total 
As at 01 April 2025 5,144.50 1,430.57 0.06 961.67 7,536.80
Profit for the year - - - 1,441.24 1,441.24
Other comprehensive income - - - (1.02) (1.02)
Options Exercised during the year 21.54 (21.54) - - -
Transfer from/to Share based Payment 
Reserve
- (2.08) - 2.08 -
Additions/movement 251.41 293.36 - - 544.77
As at 31 March 2026 5,417.45 1,700.31 0.06 2,403.97 9,521.79
As at 01 April 2024 5,110.50 1,055.64 0.06 451.26 6,617.46
Profit for the year - - - 508.98 508.98
Other comprehensive income - - - 0.14 0.14
Transfer from/to Share based Payment 
Reserve
- (1.29) - 1.29 -
Additions/movement 34.00 376.22 - - 410.22
As at 31 March 2025 5,144.50 1,430.57 0.06 961.67 7,536.80
Summary of material accounting policies 2-3
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 4-44
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
1.	 Corporate Information
	 	OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (Formerly 
known as OnEMI Technology Solutions 
Private Limited), is a public limited Company 
incorporated in India on 18 June 2016 under 
the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 
having Corporate Identification Number (CIN) 
U72900MH2016PLC282573. The registered office 
of the Company is 10 th Floor, Tower 4, Equinox 
Park, LBS Marg, Kurla West, Mumbai 400070, 
Maharashtra, India. The Company is listed on 
National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock 
Exchange (BSE) on 8th May, 2026.
	 	The Company is, inter alia, engaged in the business of 
(i) providing financial technology solutions to enable 
use of instant EMI / instalment solutions to consumers, 
and in providing the technology platform to enable 
the above, (ii) providing customer acquisition 
services and loan origination services to financiers/
lending partners. The Company is also engaged in the 
business of providing personal loans by using digital 
lending applications viz; ‘Kissht’ and ‘Pay with Ring’.
2.	 Basis of Preparation
	 	The financial statements of the Company have been 
prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting 
Standards (Ind AS) notified under the Companies 
(Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as 
amended from time to time, and other relevant 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. The financial 
statements have been prepared on a going concern 
basis under the historical cost convention, as modified 
by the application of fair value measurements required 
or allowed by relevant Accounting Standards, except 
for certain financial instruments and assets and 
liabilities acquired under business combination, 
which are measured at fair value.
	 	The accounting policies have been consistently 
applied by the Company as in the previous year 
unless otherwise stated under the provisions of 
the Companies Act, 2013. All assets and liabilities 
have been classified as current or non-current as 
per the Company’s normal operating cycle and 
other criteria set out in the Schedule III to the Act. 
Based on the nature of the work, the Company has 
ascertained its operating cycle as up to twelve 
months for the purpose of current and non-current 
classification of assets and liabilities.
	 	The preparation of financial statements requires 
the use of certain critical accounting estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of 
assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the 
disclosed amount of contingent liabilities.
2.1	 Statement of compliance
	 	The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss and the Statement of Changes in Equity are 
prepared and presented in the format prescribed in 
Division II of Schedule III to the Act. The Statement 
of Cash Flows has been prepared and presented 
as per the requirements of IND AS 7 “Statement of 
Cash Flows”. The Company presents its Balance 
Sheet in the order of liquidity. A statement regarding 
maturity within 12 months after the reporting date 
and more than 12 months after the reporting date is 
presented in Notes to Financial Statement.
2.2	 Functional and presentation currency
	 	The financial statements are presented in 
Indian Rupee (₹), which is also the functional 
currency of the Company, in denomination of 
million with rounding off to two decimals as 
permitted by Schedule III to the Act except where 
otherwise indicated.
2.3	 Presentation of financial statements
	 	The financial statements of the Company are 
presented as per Schedule III (Division II) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as notified by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs (MCA). Financial assets and 
financial liabilities are generally reported on a 
gross basis except when, there is an unconditional 
legally enforceable right to offset the recognised 
amounts without being contingent on a future event 
and the parties intend to settle on a net basis in the 
following circumstances:
	 (i)	 The normal course of business
	 (ii)	 The event of default
	 (iii)	 	The event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the 
Company and/or its counterparties.
2.4	 Foreign Currency Translation:
A)	 Initial recognition:
	 	Transactions in foreign currencies are recognized 
at prevailing exchange rates between reporting 
currency and foreign currency on transaction date.
B)	 Conversion:
	 	Transactions in foreign currencies are translated 
into the functional currency using the exchange 
rates at the dates of the transactions. Foreign 
exchange gains and losses resulting from the 
settlement of such transactions and from the 
translation of monetary assets and liabilities 
denominated in foreign currencies at year end 
exchange rates are generally recognized in the 
Statement of profit and loss.
131130 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 69]
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
2.5	 Historical cost convention
	 	The financial statements have been prepared under 
the historical cost convention on the accrual basis 
except for certain financial instruments and plan 
assets of defined benefit plans, which are measured 
at fair values at the end of each reporting period as 
explained in the accounting policies below.
2.6	 Revenue Recognition
i)	 Fees and Commission income:
	 	Fees and commission income are recognised when 
the Company satisfies the performance obligation, 
at the amount of transaction price (net of variable 
consideration) allocated to that performance 
obligation based on a five-step model as set out in 
IND AS 115. Revenue from all services is recognized 
at a point in time when the related services are 
rendered as per the terms of the agreement.
ii)	 Marketing Income:
	 	Marketing Income is recognized when the Company 
satisfies the performance obligation, at the amount 
of transaction price (net of variable consideration) 
allocated to that performance obligation based on a 
five-step model as set out above.
iii)	 Net gain/loss on fair value changes:
	 	Any differences between the fair values of financial 
assets classified as fair value through the profit 
or loss, held by the Company on the balance 
sheet date is recognised as an unrealised gain/
loss. In cases there is a net gain in the aggregate, 
the same is recognised in ‘Net gains on fair value 
changes’ under other income and if there is a net 
loss the same is disclosed under ‘Expenses’ in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
	 	Similarly, any realised gain or loss on sale of 
financial instruments measured at FVTPL and 
debt or equity instruments measured at FVOCI is 
recognised in net gain / loss on fair value changes. 
As at the reporting date, the Company does not 
have any debt instruments measured at FVOCI.
iv)	 Insurance commission and rewards:
	 	Insurance commission and rewards includes 
commission and rewards earned for solicitation 
of insurance products/policies based on the leads 
generated from its designated website using 
telemarketing modes and through offline activities. 
Revenue is recognized when the right to receive the 
income is established as per the terms of the contract.
v)	 Brand and trade mark license fees:
	 	The Company earns license fee income from 
permitting the use of its brand and trademarks by 
its subsidiary under a licensing agreement.
	 	Revenue from such license arrangements is 
recognized in accordance with Ind AS 115 – 
Revenue from contracts with customers. The license 
fee income is recognized over time, on a monthly 
basis, as the performance obligation is satisfied.
vi)	 Other operational revenue:
	 	Other operational revenue represents income 
earned from the activities incidental to the business 
and is recognised when the right to receive 
the income is established as per the terms of 
the contract.
vii)	 Corporate Guarantee Fees:
	 	The Company provides corporate guarantees in 
respect of borrowings obtained by its subsidiary. 
Where such guarantees are provided for 
consideration, the guarantee fees received are 
recognized as a financial liability at fair value on 
initial recognition, in accordance with the principles 
of Ind AS 109 – Financial Instruments.
	 	The guarantee fee income representing the fair 
value of the financial guarantee is recognized as 
unearned income under financial liability on the 
balance sheet at the inception of the guarantee. 
This income is amortized over the period of the 
guarantee using the effective interest rate (EIR) 
method and is recognized as corporate guarantee 
fees in the statement of profit and loss.
2.7	 Income taxes:
	 	The income tax expense or credit for the period is 
the tax payable on the taxable income of the current 
period based on the applicable income tax rates 
adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and 
liabilities attributable to temporary differences and 
unused tax losses.
(i)	 Current Tax
	 	Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and 
prior years are measured at the amount expected to 
be recovered from, or paid to, the taxation authorities. 
The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the 
amount are those that are enacted, or substantively 
enacted, by the reporting date where the Company 
operates and generates taxable income.
	 	Current income tax relating to items recognised 
outside the Statement of profit and loss is 
recognised outside the statement of profit and 
loss (either in other comprehensive income or 
in equity). Management periodically evaluates 
positions taken in the tax returns with respect to 
situations in which applicable tax regulations are 
subject to interpretation and establishes provisions 
where appropriate.
(ii)	 Deferred Tax
	 	Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised 
for temporary differences arising between the tax 
bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amounts. Deferred income tax is determined using 
tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the reporting date and 
are expected to apply when the related deferred 
income tax asset is realised, or the deferred income 
tax liability is settled.
	 	Deferred tax assets are only recognised for 
temporary differences, unused tax losses and 
unused tax credits if it is probable that future 
taxable amounts will arise to utilise those temporary 
differences and losses. Deferred tax assets are 
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that the 
related tax benefit will be realised.
	 	Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where 
there is a legally enforceable right to offset current 
tax assets and liabilities and they relate to income 
taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same 
taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they 
intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets 
on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities are 
realised simultaneously.
2.8	 Leases
	 	The determination of whether an arrangement is a 
lease, or contains a lease, is based on the substance 
of the arrangement and requires an assessment of 
whether the fulfillment of the arrangement is dependent 
on the use of a specific asset or assets or whether the 
arrangement conveys a right to use the asset.
	 Company as lessee-
	 	All leases are accounted for by recognising a right-
of-use asset and a lease liability except for:
	 -	 Leases of low value assets; and
	 -	 Leases with a duration of 12 months or less.
	 	Lease liabilities are measured at the present value 
of the contractual payments due to the lessor over 
the lease term, with the discount rate determined 
by reference to the rate inherent in the lease 
unless (as is typically the case) this is not readily 
determinable, in which case the Company’s 
incremental borrowing rate on commencement 
of the lease is used. Variable lease payments are 
expensed in the period to which they relate.
	 	On initial recognition, the carrying value of the lease 
liability also includes:
	 -	 	amounts expected to be payable under any 
residual value guarantee;
	 -	 	the exercise price of any purchase option 
granted in favour of the Company if it is 
reasonably certain to assess that option;
	 -	 	any penalties payable for terminating the lease, 
if the term of the lease has been estimated on 
the basis of termination option being exercised.
	 	Right-of-use assets are initially measured at the 
amount of the lease liability, reduced for any lease 
incentives received, and increased for:
	 -	 	lease payments made at or before 
commencement of the lease;
	 -	 	initial direct costs incurred; and
	 -	 	the amount of any provision recognised where 
the Company is contractually required to 
dismantle, remove or restore the leased asset.
	 	Subsequent to initial measurement lease liabilities 
increase as a result of interest charged at a constant 
rate on the balance outstanding and are reduced 
for lease payments made. Right-of-use assets 
are amortised on a straight-line basis over the 
remaining term of the lease or over the remaining 
economic life of the asset if, rarely, this is judged to 
be shorter than the lease term.
	 	When the Company revises its estimate of the term 
of any lease, it adjusts the carrying amount of the 
lease liability to reflect the payments to make over 
the revised term, which are discounted using a 
revised discount rate. The carrying value of lease 
liabilities is similarly revised when the variable 
element of future lease payments dependent on 
a rate or index is revised, except the discount rate 
remains unchanged. In both cases an equivalent 
adjustment is made to the carrying value of the 
right-of-use asset, with the revised carrying 
amount being amortised over the remaining 
(revised) lease term. If the carrying amount of the 
right-of-use asset is adjusted to zero, any further 
reduction is recognised in the statement of profit 
and loss.
133132 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 70]
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
2.9	 Financial Instrument
	 	Recognition of financial instruments
	 	Financial assets and liabilities, with the exception 
of loans, debt securities, deposits and borrowings 
are initially recognised on the trade date, i.e., the 
date on which the Company becomes a party to 
the contractual provisions of the instrument. This 
includes regular way trades of financial assets that 
require delivery of assets within the time frame 
generally established by regulation or convention 
in the market place. Investments are initially 
recognized on the settlement date.
	 I)	 Financial Assets
	 i)	 Initial measurement
	 	 	Financial assets are initially measured at 
transaction price, which generally represents 
fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of 
financial assets are added to or deducted from 
the fair value of the financial assets, on initial 
recognition. For financial assets measured at 
FVTPL, such costs are recognised immediately 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
	 ii)	 Subsequent measurement
	 	 	Based on the business model, the contractual 
characteristics of the financial assets and 
specific elections where appropriate, the 
Company classifies and measures financial 
assets in the following categories:
	 	 -	 Amortised cost
	 	 -	 	Fair value through other comprehensive 
income (‘FVOCI’)
	 	 -	 	Fair value through profit and loss (‘FVTPL’)
	 	 	The classification depends on the contractual 
terms of the cash flows of the financial assets, 
the Company’s business model for managing 
financial assets and, in case of equity 
instruments, the intention of the Company 
whether strategic or non-strategic. The said 
classification methodology is detailed below-
	 	 Business model assessment
	 	 	The Company determines its business model 
at the level that best reflects how it manages 
groups of financial assets to achieve its 
business objective. The Company’s business 
model is not assessed on an instrument-
by-instrument basis, but at a higher level 
of aggregated portfolios and is based on 
observable factors such as:
	 	 a. 	 	How the performance of the  
business  model and the financial assets 
held within that business model are 
evaluated and reported to the entity’s key 
management personnel.
	 	 b.	 	The risks that affect the performance 
of the business model (and the financial 
assets held within that business model) 
and the way those risks are managed.
	 	 c.	 	The expected frequency, value and timing 
of sales are also important aspects of the 
Company’s assessment. The business 
model assessment is based on reasonably 
expected scenarios without taking 
‘worst case’ or ‘stress case’ scenarios 
into account. If cash flows after initial 
recognition are realised in a way that is 
different from the Company’s original 
expectations, the Company does not 
change the classification of the remaining 
financial assets held in that business 
model but incorporates such information 
when assessing newly originated or newly 
purchased financial assets going forward.
	 	 	The Solely Payments of Principal and 
Interest (SPPI) test
	 	 	As a second step of its classification process 
the Company assesses the contractual terms 
of financial assets to identify whether they 
meet the SPPI test.
	 	 	‘Principal’ for the purpose of this test is defined 
as the fair value of the financial asset at initial 
recognition and may change over the life 
of the financial asset (for example, if there 
are repayments of principal or amortisation 
of the premium/discount). In making this 
assessment, the Company considers whether 
the contractual cash flows are consistent 
with a basic lending arrangement i.e. interest 
includes only consideration for the time value 
of money, credit risk, other basic lending 
risks and a profit margin that is consistent 
with a basic lending arrangement. Where the 
contractual terms introduce exposure to risk 
or volatility that are inconsistent with a basic 
lending arrangement, the related financial 
asset is classified and measured at fair value 
through profit or loss.
	 	 a.	 	Financial assets carried at amortised 
cost
	 	 	 	A financial asset is measured at amortised 
cost if it meets both of the following 
conditions and is not designated as 
at FVTPL:
	 	 	 -	 	the asset is held within a business 
model whose objective is to hold 
assets to collect contractual 
cash flows (‘Asset held to collect 
contractual cash flows’); and
	 	 	 -	 	the contractual terms of the financial 
asset give rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest (‘SPPI’) on 
the principal amount outstanding.
	 	 	 	After initial measurement and based on 
the assessment of the business model 
as asset held to collect contractual cash 
flows and SPPI, such financial assets are 
subsequently measured at amortised 
cost using effective interest rate 
(‘EIR’) method.
	 	 	 	Interest income from these financial 
assets is included in finance income 
using the EIR method. Any gain and loss 
on derecognition is also recognised in 
statement of profit and loss.
	 	 	 	The EIR method is a method of calculating 
the amortised cost of a financial 
instrument and of allocating interest over 
the relevant period. The EIR is the rate that 
exactly discounts estimated future cash 
flows (including all fees paid or received 
that form an integral part of the EIR, 
transaction costs and other premiums or 
discounts) through the expected life of 
the instrument, or, where appropriate, a 
shorter period, to the net carrying amount 
on initial recognition.
	 	 b.	 	Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive incomes
	 	 	 	Financial assets that are held within a 
business model whose objective is both 
to collect the contractual cash flows and 
to sell the assets, (‘Contractual cash 
flows of assets collected through hold 
and sell model’) and contractual cash 
flows that are SPPI, are subsequently 
measured at FVOCI. Movements in the 
carrying amount of such financial assets 
are recognised in Other Comprehensive 
Income (‘OCI’), except dividend income 
which is recognised in statement of 
profit and loss. Amounts recorded in 
OCI are not subsequently transferred to 
the statement of profit and loss. Equity 
instruments at FVOCI are not subject to an 
impairment assessment.
	 	 c.	 	Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss
	 	 	 	Financial assets, which do not meet the 
criteria for categorization as at amortised 
cost or as FVOCI, are measured at FVTPL. 
Subsequent changes in fair value are 
recognised in the statement of profit and 
loss. The company records investments 
in equity instruments, mutual funds and 
Treasury bills at FVTPL.
	 iii)	 	Derecognition of financial assets
	 	 	A financial asset (or a part thereof) is 
derecognised when the contractual rights to 
receive the cash flows from the asset expire, or 
when the asset is transferred and substantially 
all the risks and rewards of ownership are 
transferred with no continuing involvement.
	 	 	The Company transfers financial assets 
through partial assignment transactions and 
derecognises the transferred portion when 
it does not retain control or any continuing 
involvement in the asset.
	 	 	A write-off of a financial asset is considered a 
derecognition event.
	 	 	On derecognition, the difference between 
the carrying amount of the asset and the 
consideration received (including any new 
asset acquired, net of any liability assumed) is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
	 	 Write-off
	 	 	The Company writes off financial assets, either 
partially or in full, when there is no reasonable 
expectation of recovery based on past 
experience and assessment of the borrower’s 
financial condition.
	 	 	Amounts written off that exceed the 
accumulated loss allowance are recognised as 
an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss 
in the period in which the write-off occurs.
135134 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 71]
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
	 II)	 Financial liabilities
	 i)	 Initial measurement
	 	 	The Company recognizes all financial liabilities 
initially at fair value adjusted for transaction 
costs that are directly attributable to the 
issue of financial liabilities except in the case 
of financial liabilities recorded at FVTPL 
where the transaction costs are charged to 
the Statement of Profit and Loss. Generally, 
the transaction price is treated as fair value 
unless there are circumstances which prove 
to the contrary in which case, the difference, 
if material, is charged to the statement of Profit 
and Loss.
	 ii)	 Subsequent measurement
	 	 	The Company subsequently measures all 
financial liabilities at amortized cost using the 
EIR method as per IND AS 109.
	 iii)	 Derecognition of financial liabilities
	 	 	A financial liability is derecognised when the 
obligation under the liability is discharged, 
cancelled or expires. Where an existing 
financial liability is replaced by another from 
the same lender on substantially different 
terms, or the terms of an existing liability are 
substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as a derecognition 
of the original liability and the recognition of 
a new liability. The difference between the 
carrying value of the original financial liability 
and the consideration paid is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
	 iv)	 	Financial liabilities and equity instrument
	 	 	The Company classifies financial instruments, 
at the time of initial recognition, as either 
financial liabilities or equity instruments 
in accordance with the substance of the 
contractual terms and the definitions 
provided under Ind AS 32 – Financial 
Instruments: Presentation.
	 	 	Equity Instruments
	 	 	An instrument is classified as equity when it 
evidences a residual interest in the assets of 
the Company after all its liabilities and meets 
the following conditions:
• The instrument does not contain a 
contractual obligation to deliver cash or 
another financial asset, or to exchange 
financial assets or liabilities under 
potentially unfavourable conditions; and
• If the instrument will or may be settled in 
the Company’s own equity instruments, it 
is either:
 − 	A non-derivative that includes no 
contractual obligation to deliver a 
variable number of the Company’s 
equity instruments; or
 − 	A derivative that will be settled only 
by the Company exchanging a fixed 
amount of cash or another financial 
asset for a fixed number of its own equity 
instruments (“fixed-for-fixed” test).
	 	 Financial Liabilities
	 	 	A financial instrument is classified as a 
financial liability if it:
• Contains a contractual obligation to 
deliver cash or another financial asset to 
another entity; or
• Is a contract that may be settled in the 
Company’s own equity instruments but 
does not meet the equity classification 
criteria (i.e., fails the fixed-for-fixed 
condition).
	 	 	Instruments with both liability and equity 
components are bifurcated and accounted for 
as compound financial instruments under Ind 
AS 32, with each component classified and 
measured separately.
	 	 	Debt and equity instruments issued by the 
company are classified as either financial 
liabilities or as equity in accordance with the 
substance of the contractual arrangements 
and the definitions of financial liability and an 
equity instrument.
	 	 (a)	 	Equity instrument
	 	 	 	An equity instrument is any contract 
that evidences a residual interest in 
the assets of an entity after deducting 
all of its liabilities. Equity instruments 
issued by the company are recognised 
at the proceeds received, net of directly 
attributable transaction costs.
	 	 (b)	 	Financial liabilities
	 	 	 	Financial liabilities are measured at 
amortized cost. The carrying amounts 
are determined based on the EIR method. 
Interest expense is recognised in the 
statement of profit and loss. Any gain 
or loss on de-recognition of financial 
liabilities is also recognised in profit or 
loss. Undrawn loan commitments are not 
recorded in the balance sheet.
	 	 (c)	 	Debt securities and other borrowed 
funds:
	 	 	 	After initial measurement, debt issued, and 
other borrowed funds are subsequently 
measured at amortised cost. Amortised 
cost is calculated by taking into account 
any discount or premium on issue funds, 
and transaction costs that are an integral 
part of the Effective Interest Rate (EIR).
2.10	Provisioning on Financial Assets
(i)	 	Overview of the provisioning principles:
	 	The Company recognises provision for losses 
for financial assets measured at amortised cost, 
based on:
• A probability-weighted assessment of 
credit losses;
• The time value of money; and
• Reasonable and supportable forward-
looking information.
	 	The Company has established a policy to perform an 
assessment, at the end of each reporting period, of 
whether a financial assets credit risk has increased 
significantly since initial recognition, by considering 
the change in the risk of default occurring over the 
remaining life of the financial instrument.
	 	Exposure staging into Stage 1, Stage 2, or Stage 3 
will be determined using the Days Past Due (DPD) 
buckets, as per the Loan portfolio statement on 
which the default loss guarantee have been offered.
	 	Determining Significant Increase in credit risk :
	 	To determine if the risk of default of a financial 
instrument has increased significantly since 
initial recognition, the current risk of default at the 
reporting date compared with the risk of default at 
initial recognition. Assessment of whether there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk required 
at each reporting date. The Company does the 
assessment of significant increase in credit risk at 
a borrower level. If a borrower has various facilities 
having different past due status, then the highest 
days past due (DPD) is considered to be applicable 
for all the facilities of that borrower.
(ii)	 	The calculation of provision:
	 	The Company calculates provision based on 
four probability-weighted scenarios to measure 
the expected cash shortfalls, discounted at an 
approximation to the EIR. A cash shortfall is the 
difference between the cash flows that are due to 
an entity in accordance with the contract and the 
cash flows that the entity expects to receive. The 
mechanics of the provision calculations are outlined 
below and the key elements are, as follows:
	 	Probability of Default (PD): The PD represents the 
likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial 
obligation, either over the next 12 months (12M 
PD), or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of 
the obligation.
	 	Exposure at Default (EAD) represents the expected 
balance at default, taking into account the 
repayment of the principal and interest from the 
balance sheet date to the date of default.
	 	Loss Given Default (LGD) The Loss Given Default 
is an estimate of the loss arising in the case where 
a default occurs at a given time. It is based on the 
difference between the contractual cash flows 
due and those that the Company would expect 
to receive.
	 	FLDG refers to an arrangement under which the 
Company provides a Guarantee to lending Bank/
NBFCs to cover a specified portion of credit losses 
arising from defaults in a loan portfolio sourced 
or facilitated by the Company, subject to a pre-
agreed cap.
	 	Under the Company’s business model, (First Loss 
Default Guarantee) obligations are treated as 
financial guarantees and are typically based on 
the business arrangements (maximum capped at 
5%of the disbursed portfolio by the lending Banks/ 
NBFCs.)
	 	For Trade Receivables, the company follows a 
simplified approach for calculation of expected 
credit loss.
2.11	Determination of Fair Value
	 	The Company measures certain financial 
instruments at fair value at each balance sheet 
date. Fair value is the price that would be received 
137136 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 72]
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an 
orderly transaction between market participants 
at the measurement date in the principal market 
or in absence of the principal market, the most 
advantageous market.
	 	The Company uses valuation techniques that are 
appropriate in the circumstances and for which 
sufficient data are available to measure fair 
value, maximising the use of relevant observable 
inputs and minimising the use of unobservable 
inputs. In order to show how fair values have 
been derived, financial instruments are classified 
based on a hierarchy of valuation techniques, as 
summarised below:
	 	Level 1 includes financial instruments measured 
using quoted prices.
	 	Level 2 Financial instruments the fair value of 
financial instruments that are not traded in an active 
market is determined using valuation techniques 
which maximise the use of observable market data 
and rely as little as possible on entity-specific 
estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair 
value an instrument are observable, the instrument 
is included in level 2.
	 	Level 3 If one or more of the significant inputs is not 
based on observable market data, the instrument 
is included in level 3. The Company evaluates the 
leveling at each reporting period on an instrument-
by- instrument basis and reclassifies instruments, 
when necessary, based on the facts at the end of 
the reporting period.
2.12	Cash and Cash Equivalents
	 	Cash and cash equivalents comprise the net 
amount of short-term, highly liquid investments 
that are readily convertible to known amounts of 
cash (short-term deposits with an original maturity 
of three months or less) and are subject to an 
insignificant risk of change in value, cheques on 
hand and balances with banks. They are held for the 
purposes of meeting short-term cash commitments 
(rather than for investment or other purposes).
	 	For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, 
cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, 
cheques on hand, balances with banks (of the 
nature of cash and cash equivalents).
2.13	Property, Plant and Equipment
	 	Property, plant and equipment (“PPE”) are carried 
at cost, less accumulated depreciation and 
impairment losses, if any. The cost of PPE comprises 
its purchase price net of any trade discounts and 
rebates, any import duties and other taxes (other 
than those subsequently recoverable from the tax 
authorities), any directly attributable expenditure 
on making the asset ready for its intended use and 
other incidental expenses. Subsequent expenditure 
on PPE after its purchase is capitalized only if it is 
probable that the future economic benefits will flow 
to the enterprise and the cost of the item can be 
measured reliably.
	 	Depreciation is calculated using the straight-
line method to write down the cost of property 
and equipment to their residual values over their 
estimated useful lives as specified under schedule 
II of the Act. Land is not depreciated. Individual 
assets having value up to ₹5,000 is depreciated 
fully in the year of purchase of assets
	 	The estimated useful lives are, as follows:
	 (i)	 Computer and other Equipment - 3 Years
	 (ii)	 Servers & Networks – 6 Years
	 (iii)	 Office equipment - 5 years
	 (iv)	 Furniture and fixtures - 10 years
	 (v)	 	Leasehold improvements – over the remaining 
period of Lease
	 	Depreciation is provided on a pro-rata basis 
from the date on which such asset is ready for its 
intended use. The residual values, useful lives and 
methods of depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment are reviewed at each financial year end 
and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
	 	PPE is derecognized on disposal or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use. Any 
gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset 
(calculated as the difference between the net 
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the 
asset) is recognized in other income / expense in 
the statement of profit and loss in the year the asset 
is derecognized.
2.14	Impairment of Non-Financial Asset
	 	Non-financial assets are tested for impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount may not be 
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized 
for the amount by which the asset’s carrying 
amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The 
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s 
fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. 
For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets 
are grouped at the lowest levels for which there 
are separately identifiable cash inflows which are 
largely independent of the cash inflows from other 
assets. Non- financial assets other than goodwill 
that suffered an impairment are reviewed for 
possible reversal of the impairment at the end of 
each reporting period. In assessing value in use, the 
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their 
present value using a pre-tax discount rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In 
determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent 
market transactions are taken into account. If no 
such transactions can be identified, an appropriate 
valuation model is used. These calculations are 
corroborated by valuation multiples, quoted share 
prices for publicly traded companies or other 
available fair value indicators.
2.15	Intangible Assets
	 	Intangible assets represent computer software 
acquired by the Company carried at cost of 
acquisition less amortization. The cost of the item 
of intangible assets comprises its purchase price, 
including non- refundable taxes or levies and any 
directly attributable cost of bringing the asset to its 
working condition for its intended use; any trade 
discounts and rebates are deducted in arriving 
at the purchase price. Other Indirect Expenses 
incurred relating to assets under development, net 
of income earned during the asset development 
stage prior to its intended use, are disclosed under 
Intangible Assets Under Development and are 
capitalized when asset is ready for the intended use.
	 	At intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or 
when no future economic benefits are expected 
from its use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from 
de-recognition of an intangible asset is recognized 
in profit or less when the asset is recognized.
	 	Amortisation methods, estimated useful lives 
and residual value Intangible assets, comprising 
software, are amortised over the estimated life 
of 5 years on a straight-line basis from the date 
of capitalization. Software developed in-house 
is amortized over estimated life of 5 years on a 
straight-line basis from the date of capitalisation till 
the previous financial year. However, beginning from 
current financial year software developed inhouse 
is amortized over estimated life of 10 years on a 
straight-line basis from the date of capitalisation. 
The estimated useful life and amortization method 
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, 
with the effect of any changes in estimate being 
accounted for on a prospective basis.
2.16	Retirement and Other Employee Benefits
	 	Defined contribution plans
	 	The Company’s contribution to provident fund 
are considered as defined contribution plans and 
are charged as an expense based on the amount 
of contribution required to be made and when 
services are rendered by the employees.
	 Defined benefits plan
	 	The Company pays gratuity to the employees 
whoever has completed five years of service with 
the Company at the time of resignation / retirement. 
The gratuity is paid @15 days salary for every 
completed year of service as per the Payment 
of Gratuity Act, 1972. The liability in respect of 
gratuity and other post-employment benefits is 
calculated using the Projected Unit Credit Method 
and spread over the period during which the 
benefit is expected to be derived from employees’ 
services. As per Ind AS 19, the service cost and the 
net interest cost are charged to the statement of 
profit and loss. Remeasurement of the net defined 
benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains 
and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding 
interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, 
excluding interest), are recognised in OCI.
	 	Short-term employee benefits
	 	All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve 
months of rendering the service are classified as 
short- term employee benefits. Benefits such as 
salaries, wages etc. and the expected cost of ex-
gratia are recognised in the period in which the 
employee renders the related service. A liability 
is recognised for the amount expected to be paid 
when there is a present legal or constructive 
obligation to pay this amount as a result of 
past service provided by the employee and the 
obligation can be estimated reliably.
	 	The cost of short-term compensated 
absences is accounted as under:
	 	In case of accumulative compensated absences, 
the employees can carry-forward a portion of 
the unutilised accrued compensated absences 
and utilise it in future service periods. Leave 
encashment occurs only at the time of separation, 
with basic salary considered for encashment. Since 
the compensated absences fall due wholly within 
twelve months after the end of the period in which 
the employees render the related service and are 
also expected to be utilised wholly within twelve 
139138 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 73]
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
months after the end of such period, the benefit is 
classified as a short-term employee benefit.
	 	Long term employee benefits:
	 	Share based payments.
	 	The Company recognizes compensation expense 
relating to share-based payments in net profit using 
fair value in accordance with Ind AS 102 - Share-
based Payment. The estimated fair value of awards 
is charged to income on a straight-line basis over 
the requisite service period for each separately 
vesting portion of the award as if the award was in-
substance, multiple awards with a corresponding 
increase to share options outstanding amount.
2.17	Provisions & Contingencies
	 	Provisions:
	 	The Company recognises a provision when 
there is a present obligation as a result of past 
events, it is probable that an outflow of resources 
embodying economic benefits will be required to 
settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the 
amount of the obligation can be made. The amount 
recognised as a provision is the best estimate of 
the consideration required to settle the present 
obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking 
into account the risk and uncertainties surrounding 
the obligation.
	 	The cases where the available information 
indicates that the loss on the contingency is the 
reasonably estimated, a disclosure is made in the 
financial statements. Provisions are reviewed at 
each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the 
current best estimates. If it is no longer probable 
that the outflow of resources would be required to 
settle the obligation, the provision is reversed.
	 	Contingencies:
	 	Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there 
is a possible obligation arising from past events, 
the existence of which will be confirmed only by 
the occurrence or non occurrence of one or more 
uncertain future events not wholly within the control 
of the past events but probably will not require an 
outflow of resources to settle the obligation.
	 	When there is a possible obligation or a present 
obligation in respect of which likelihood of outflow 
of resources is remote, no provision or disclosure 
is made.
	 	Contingent assets are neither recognised nor 
disclosed in the financial statements.
2.18		Shares based payments for Services Rendered
	 	The Company accounts for share-based payments 
in accordance with Ind AS 102 – Share-based 
payments. When equity shares are issued to 
non-employees in exchange for services, the 
transaction is treated as a share-based payment. 
The fair value of the services received is recognized 
as an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss, 
with a corresponding increase in equity.
2.19	Segment Reporting
	 	The Company is primarily engaged in the business 
of providing financial technology solutions to 
enable use of instant EMI / instalment solutions 
to consumers, and in providing the technology 
platform to enable the above. Accordingly, the 
Company is engaged in only one business segment 
and primarily in one geographical segment. 
Therefore, these financial statements pertain to 
one business segment.
2.20	Earning Per Share
	 	The Company reports basic and diluted earnings 
per share in accordance with Ind AS 33 on Earnings 
per share. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the 
net profit or loss for the year attributable to equity 
shareholders (after deducting preference dividend 
and attributable taxes) by the weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during 
the year. For the purpose of calculating diluted 
earnings per share, the net profit or loss for the 
year attributable to equity shareholders and the 
weighted average number of shares outstanding 
during the year are adjusted for the effects of all 
dilutive potential equity shares.
	 	In computing the dilutive earnings per share, only 
potential equity shares that are dilutive and that 
either reduce the earnings per share or increases 
loss per share are included.
2.21	Statement of cash flow
	 	Cash flows are reported under the ‘Indirect method’ 
as set out in Ind AS 7 on ‘Statement of Cash Flows, 
whereby net profit after tax is adjusted for the 
effects of transactions of non-cash nature, tax 
and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash 
receipts or payments. The cash flows are prepared 
for the operating, investing and financing activities 
of the Company.
3.	 	Material Accounting Judgments, 
Estimates and Assumptions
3.1	 Judgements
	 	The preparation of the financial statements in 
conformity with Ind AS requires management 
to make estimates and assumptions considered 
in the reported amounts of assets and liabilities 
(including contingent liabilities) and the reported 
income and expenses during the year. Estimates 
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an 
ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates 
are recognised prospectively.
3.2	 Estimates and Assumptions
	 	The key assumptions concerning the future and 
other key sources of estimation uncertainty at 
the reporting date, that have a significant risk 
of causing a material adjustment to the carrying 
amounts of assets and liabilities within the next 
financial year, are described below. The Company 
based its assumptions and estimates on parameters 
available when the financial statements were 
prepared. Existing circumstances and assumptions 
about future developments, however, may change 
due to market changes or circumstances arising 
that are beyond the control of the Company. Such 
changes are reflected in the assumptions when 
they occur.
	 	Following are the areas that involved a higher 
degree of estimates and judgement or complexity 
in determining the carrying amount of some assets 
and liabilities.
(i)	 Fair value of financial instruments
	 	The fair value of financial instruments is the price 
that would be received to sell an asset or paid 
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction in 
the principal (or most advantageous in absence 
of principal market) market at the measurement 
date under current market conditions (i.e. an exit 
price) regardless of whether that price is directly 
observable or estimated using another valuation 
technique. When the fair values of financial assets 
and financial liabilities recorded in the balance 
sheet cannot be derived from active markets, 
they are determined using a variety of valuation 
techniques that include the use of valuation 
models. The inputs to these models are taken from 
observable markets where possible, but where this 
is not feasible, estimation is required in establishing 
fair values.
(ii)	 Impairment of financial asset
	 	The company has created the expected credit 
loss provision against trade receivables. Given 
the subjectivity and uncertainty of determining 
the probability and amount of losses, the 
Company takes into account a number of factors 
including historical data, business forecast etc. 
Significant judgment is required to conclude on 
these estimates.
(iii)	 	Contingent liabilities and provisions other than 
impairment on loan portfolio
	 	Provisions and liabilities are recognised in the 
period when it becomes probable that there will 
be a future outflow of funds resulting from past 
operations or events and the amount of cash 
outflow can be reliably estimated. The timing 
of recognition and quantification of the liability 
requires the application of judgement to existing 
facts and circumstances, which can be subject 
to change. The carrying amounts of provisions 
and liabilities are reviewed at each Balance sheet 
date and revised to take account of changing facts 
and circumstances.
(iv)	 Leases
	 	Ind AS 116 “Leases” requires lessee to determine 
the lease term as the non-cancellable period of a 
lease adjusted with any option to extend or terminate 
the lease, if the use of such option is reasonably 
certain. The Company makes assessment on the 
expected lease term on lease by lease basis and 
thereby assesses whether it is reasonably certain 
that any options to extend or terminate the contract 
will be exercised. In evaluating the lease term, the 
Company considers factors such as any significant 
leasehold improvements undertaken over the lease 
term, costs relating to the termination of lease and 
the importance of the underlying to the Company’s 
operations taking into account the location of the 
underlying asset and the availability of the suitable 
alternatives. The lease term in future periods is 
reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects 
the current economic circumstances.
(v)	 	Defined employee benefit assets and liabilities
	 	The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan and 
the present value of the gratuity obligation are 
141140 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 74]
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial 
valuation involves making various assumptions that 
may differ from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount 
rate; future salary increases and mortality rates. 
Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and 
its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is 
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. 
All assumptions are reviewed annually.
(vi)	 Fair value of share-based payment
	 	The Company accounts for share-based payment 
transactions in accordance with Ind AS 102 – 
Share-based payment.
	 	Equity-settled share-based payments to 
employees and others providing services are 
measured at the fair value of the equity instruments 
granted at the grant date. The fair value determined 
at the grant date is recognised as an expense 
over the vesting period, based on the Company’s 
estimate of the number of equity instruments that 
will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase 
in equity.
	 	The fair value of options granted is determined 
using an appropriate option pricing model (e.g., 
Black-Scholes or Binomial model), considering 
the terms and conditions upon which the options 
were granted. The model takes into account inputs 
such as:
• Share price at the grant date
• Exercise price of the option
• Expected volatility
• Expected life of the option
• Expected dividends
• Risk-free interest rate
	 	Estimates of vesting conditions (other than market 
conditions) are revised at each reporting date. The 
impact of the revision of original estimates, if any, is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss with 
a corresponding adjustment to equity.
(vii)	Recognition of deferred tax assets
	 	The Company has recognized deferred tax assets 
and concluded that the deferred tax assets will 
be recoverable using the estimated future taxable 
income based on the experience and future 
projections. The Company is expected to generate 
adequate taxable income for liquidating these 
assets in due course of time.
Note 4(a) - Property, Plant and Equipment & Other Intangible Assets
As at 31 March 2026
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)
Asset description
Gross block Accumulated Depreciation/Amortisation Net block
As at
1 April 2025 Additions Deductions As at
31 March 2026
As at
01 April 2025 Additions Deductions As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2026
Tangible assets 
Computer equipment 140.48 3.35 9.00 134.83 119.14 14.34 8.95 124.53 10.30
Office equipment 16.74 2.36 0.30 18.80 8.55 3.08 0.11 11.52 7.28
Leasehold improvements 21.67 - - 21.67 21.67 - - 21.67 -
Furniture and fixtures 6.14 3.50 - 9.64 2.57 0.70 - 3.27 6.37
Subtotal 185.03 9.21 9.30 184.94 151.93 18.12 9.06 160.99 23.95
Intangible assets 
Computer softwares 172.64 3.58 - 176.22 171.38 3.55 - 174.93 1.29
Internally generated computer software 18.60 39.82 - 58.42 8.19 1.20 - 9.39 49.03
Subtotal 191.24 43.40 - 234.64 179.57 4.75 - 184.32 50.32
Total 376.27 52.61 9.30 419.58 331.50 22.87 9.06 345.31 74.27
As at 31 March 2025
Asset description
Gross block Accumulated Depreciation/Amortisation Net block
As at
1 April 2024 Additions Deductions As at
31 March 2025
As at
01 April 2024 Additions Deductions As at
31 March 2025
As at
31 March 2025
 Tangible assets 
 Computer equipment 163.94 3.23 26.69 140.48 116.14 26.35 23.35 119.14 21.34
 Office equipment 16.75 0.26 0.27 16.74 5.38 3.23 0.06 8.55 8.19
 Leasehold improvements 21.67 - - 21.67 21.07 0.60 - 21.67 -
 Furniture and fixtures 7.78 0.17 1.81 6.14 2.60 0.76 0.79 2.57 3.57
 Subtotal 210.14 3.66 28.77 185.03 145.19 30.94 24.20 151.93 33.10
 Intangible assets 
 Computer softwares 171.28 1.36 - 172.64 166.34 5.04 - 171.38 1.27
 Internally generated computer software 15.68 2.92 - 18.60 5.04 3.15 - 8.19 10.41
 Subtotal 186.96 4.28 - 191.24 171.38 8.19 - 179.57 11.67
 Total 397.10 7.94 28.77 376.27 316.57 39.13 24.20 331.50 44.77
Notes:
i)	 	The company has not carried out any revaluation of assets during the year and there were also no acquisition through business combination.
ii)	 	The company did not hold immovable property.
143142 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 75]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 4(b) - Intangible assets under development (IAUD)
i)	 Intangible assets under development (IAUD)
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Intangible assets under development (IAUD) 62.96 47.79
Total 62.96 47.79
ii)	 Intangible assets under development (IAUD) ageing schedule :
As at 31 March 2026
Particulars
Amount in IAUD for a period of 
Less than 1 year  1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Projects in process (Software) 15.17 47.79 - - 62.96
As at 31 March 2025
Particulars
Amount in IAUD for a period of 
Less than 1 year  1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Projects in process (Software) 47.79 - - - 47.79
Notes:
1)	 	There are no projects temporarily suspended and hence not required to be disclosed separately.
2)	 	There are no intangibles under developments whose completion is over due or has exceeded its cost compared 
to its original plan.
Note 5 - Leases
This note provides information for leases where the Company is a lessee. The Company’s leased assets mainly 
comprise office premises and furniture and fixtures taken on lease. The term of such leases ranges from 3 to 5 years. 
The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be 
obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.
Note 5(a) - Right of use assets
As at 31 March 2026
Particulars
Gross block Accumulated Depreciation Net Block
As at
1 April 
2025
Additions Deletions/
Adjustments
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
1 April 
2025
Additions Deductions/
Adjustments
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2026
Premises and 
Furniture & Fixtures
494.53 105.62 132.43 467.72 251.67 108.81 59.59 300.89 166.83
Total 494.53 105.62 132.43 467.72 251.67 108.81 59.59 300.89 166.83
As at 31 March 2025
Particulars
Gross block Accumulated Depreciation Net Block
As at
1 April 
2024
Additions Deletions/
Adjustments
As at
31 March 
2025
As at
1 April 
2024
Additions Deductions/
Adjustments
As at
31 March 
2025
As at
31 March 
2025
Premises and 
Furniture & Fixtures
468.23 32.96 6.66 494.53 153.63 100.42 2.38 251.67 242.86
Total 468.23 32.96 6.66 494.53 153.63 100.42 2.38 251.67 242.86
Note 5(b) - Lease Liabilities
Particulars
Non-current Current
 As at
 31 March 2026 
 As at
 31 March 2025 
 As at
 31 March 2026 
 As at
 31 March 2025 
Lease liabilities 87.57 168.16 88.20 97.87
Total 87.57 168.16 88.20 97.87
i)	 Total lease liabilities are analysed as at:
Denominated in the following currencies:  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Rupees 175.77 266.03
Foreign currency - -
Total 175.77 266.03
ii)	 The following amounts were recognised as expense in the year: 
 Particulars  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Depreciation on right-of-use assets 108.80 100.42
Expense relating to short-term leases and low-value assets 10.00 7.41
Interest expenses on lease liabilities 31.71 35.52
Recognised in the statement of profit & loss 150.51 143.35
iii)	 	The following are the undiscounted contractual cash flows of lease liabilities: 
 Maturity analysis  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Upto 1 year 104.81 122.79
Between 1 and 2 years 34.62 113.82
Between 2 and 5 years 72.38 75.17
More than 5 years - -
Total 211.81 311.78
iv)	 The following is the movement in lease liabilities 
 Particulars  31 March 2026  31 March 2025 
Opening balance 266.03 331.52
Additions/modifications during the year 97.84 28.59
Termination of lease (83.45) (3.80)
Finance cost incurred during the year 31.71 35.52
Payment of lease liabilities (136.36) (125.80)
Closing balance 175.77 266.03
Note 6 - Investments
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Investment in subsidiary (at cost) 
-	 Equity Instruments 
Si creva capital services private limited 8,059.84 5,809.84
-	 Preference Shares 
Si creva capital services private limited 0.17 0.17
Total (A) - Gross 8,060.01 5,810.01
Less: Allowance for impairment loss - -
Total (A) - Net 8,060.01 5,810.01
145144 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 76]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Investments outside India - -
Investments in India 8,060.01 5,810.01
Total (B) - Gross 8,060.01 5,810.01
Less: Allowance for impairment loss - -
Total (B) - Net 8,060.01 5,810.01
Note 7 - Trade receivables
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Trade receivables
Billed 349.28 539.50
Unbilled 634.55 278.42
Total 983.83 817.92
Unsecured - Considered good 983.83 817.92
Total - Gross 983.83 817.92
(Less): Impairment loss allowance - -
Total - Net 983.83 817.92
Particulars of Trade receivable As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
(i)	 Undisputed Trade receivables - considered good 983.83 817.92
(ii)	 Undisputed Trade receivables - considered doubtful - -
(iii)	 Dispute Trade receivables - considered good - -
(iv)	 Dispute Trade receivables - considered doubtful - -
Ageing Schedule for Trade Receivables
Particulars
Outstanding as on March 31, 2026 from the due date of payment 
Unbilled Less than 
6 Months 
6 Months-	
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total 
i)	 	Undisputed Trade receivables – 
considered good
634.55 334.45 14.83 - - - 983.83
ii)	 	Undisputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)	 	Receivables which have significant 
increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iv)	 	Undisputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
v)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables– considered 
good
- - - - - - -
vi)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vii)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
Ageing Schedule for Trade Receivables
Particulars
Outstanding as on March 31, 2025 from the due date of payment 
Unbilled Less than 
6 Months 
6 Months-	
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total 
i)	 	Undisputed Trade receivables –	
considered good
278.42 539.50 - - - - 817.92
ii)	 	Undisputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)	 	Receivables which have significant 
increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iv)	 	Undisputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
v)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables– considered 
good
- - - - - - -
vi)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vii)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
Notes:
1)	 	No trade receivable are due from directors or other officers of the company either severally or jointly with any 
other person nor from any firms or private companies respectively in which any director is a partner, a director or 
a member.
2)	 	Trade receivables are non-interest bearing.
Note 8 - Cash and Cash Equivalents
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Cash on hand - -
Balance with banks
-	 	In current accounts 108.33 8.17
-	 In bank deposits (with original maturity of less than 3 months) 127.51 100.04
Total 235.84 108.21
Note 9 - Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents above
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Bank deposit with original maturity of more than 3 months but less than 12 months* 212.50 -
Total 212.50 -
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
*Encumbered balances (Pledged as collateral) -refer note no.9 & 10 1,022.91 9.56
Total 1,022.91 9.56
147146 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 77]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 10 - Other Financial Assets
Non-current Current
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
Security deposits
-	 Lease deposits 44.35 54.85 15.22 -
-	 Other deposits 3.48 2.78 0.04 -
Loans to employees - - 2.48 1.58
Bank deposit with original maturity of more than 12 
months**
570.82 274.91 244.94 10.77
Inter corporate loans*** - - - 1,027.59
Other receivables - - 85.82 8.28
Balance with govt authorities* 4.29 - - -
Total 622.94 332.54 348.50 1,048.22
*Refer note no.32 for detailed disclosure
**Refer note no.9 for Encumbered balances
*** Above loan have been given for business purposes
Note 11 - Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Advance tax and tax deducted at source (511.54) (129.58)
Provision for income tax 589.60 210.38
Total Liability/ (Asset) 78.06 80.80
Note 12 - Deferred tax assets (Net)
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Deferred Tax Assets (Gross)
Payments as per section 43B (Gratuity & Leave Encashment) 12.10 9.05
Provision for business correspondent arrangements 95.03 35.90
Unearned income - corporate guarantee fees 67.98 23.46
Lease arrangements accounted as ROU assets & lease liabilities 6.41 10.76
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other intangible assets 2.51 -
TOTAL (A) 184.03 79.17
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Gross)
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other intangible assets - 5.69
TOTAL (B) - 5.69
Deferred Tax Asset (Net) [(A) - (B)] 184.03 73.48
Note 13 - Other Non-Current/Current assets
Non-current Current
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
Prepaid expenses  21.31  -  113.69  62.12 
Deferred Expenses  166.72  -  -  - 
Advance to Suppliers and others - - 51.20 - 
Total 188.03 - 164.89 62.12 
Note 14(a) - Share Capital
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Authorized
Equity shares
230,000,000 (Previous year: 6,000,000) equity shares of ₹1 each (Previous year: ₹10 each) 230.00 60.00
Preference Shares
10,700,000 (Previous year: 10,700,000) preference shares of ₹10 each 107.00 107.00
20 (Previous year: 20) optionally convertible redeemable non-cumulative preference shares of 
₹100 each*
0.00 0.00
325,508 (Previous year: 325,508) preference shares of ₹100 each 32.55 32.55
Total 369.55 199.55
Issued, subscribed and paid up capital
Equity shares
118,775,420 (Previous year: 5,363,087) equity shares of ₹1 each (Previous year: ₹10 each) 
fully paid up.
118.78 53.63
Total 118.78 53.63
Note 14(b) - Instruments entirely equity in nature
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Issued, subscribed and paid up capital
Preference shares
Nil (Previous year: 786,684) Series A 0.10% compulsorily convertible cumulative preference 
shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 7.87
Nil (Previous year: 488,263) Series B 0.10% compulsorily convertible cumulative preference 
shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 4.88
Nil (Previous year: 1,629,078) Series C 0.0001% compulsorily convertible cumulative 
preference shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 16.29
Nil (Previous year: 703,903) Series D1 0.0001% compulsorily convertible cumulative 
preference shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 7.04
Nil (Previous year: 1,670,167) Series E 0.0001% compulsorily convertible cumulative 
preference shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 16.70
Nil (Previous year: 119,416) Series E1 0.01% compulsorily convertible preference shares of 
₹100 each, ₹100 fully paid up (Previous year: ₹1 Partly Paid)
- 0.12
Nil (Previous year: 31,797) Series Z1 0.01% compulsorily convertible preference shares of ₹10 
each, ₹10 paid up (Previous year: ₹1 Partly Paid)
- 0.03
Nil (Previous year: 25,068) Series Z2 compulsorily convertible preference shares of ₹10 each, 
₹10 paid up (Previous year: ₹1 Partly Paid)
- 0.03
Nil (Previous year: 22,301) Series Z3 0.001% compulsorily convertible preference shares of 
₹10 each, ₹10 paid up (Previous year: ₹1 Partly Paid)
- 0.02
Nil (Previous year: 17,926) Series Z4 0.0001% compulsorily convertible preference shares of 
₹10 each fully paid up 
- 0.18
Total - 53.16
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
149148 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 78]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
14.1.1 Reconciliation of the number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the closing 
of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount Number* Amount
Equity shares at the beginning of the year 5,36,30,870 53.63 47,80,175 47.80
Add : Issued against ESOP 1,23,670 0.12 - -
Add : Issued on conversion of OCRPS 4,50,210 0.45 5,82,912 5.83
Add : Issued on conversion of CCPS 6,45,70,670 64.58 - -
Equity shares at the end of the year 11,87,75,420 118.78 53,63,087 53.63
*Above mentioned numbers are Pre-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 8 
July, 2025.
14.1.2 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series A at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 7,86,684 7.87 7,86,684 7.87
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (7,86,684) (7.87) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 7,86,684 7.87
14.1.3 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series B at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 4,88,263 4.88 4,88,263 4.88
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (4,88,263) (4.88) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 4,88,263 4.88
14.1.4 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series C at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 16,29,078 16.29 16,29,078 16.29
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (16,29,078) (16.29) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 16,29,078 16.29
14.1.5 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series D1 at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 7,03,903 7.04 7,03,903 7.04
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (7,03,903) (7.04) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 7,03,903 7.04
14.1.6 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series E at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 16,70,167 16.70 16,70,167 16.70
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (16,70,167) (16.70) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 16,70,167 16.70
14.1.7 Reconciliation of the number of optionally convertible redeemable preference shares 
(‘OCRPS’) Series A outstanding at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
OCRPS at the beginning of the year* - - 2 0.00
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year* - - (2) (0.00)
OCRPS at the end of the year - - - -
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
14.1.8 Reconciliation of the number of optionally convertible redeemable preference shares 
(‘OCRPS’) Series B outstanding at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
OCRPS at the beginning of the year*  -  -  2  0.00 
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year*  -  -  (2)  (0.00)
OCRPS at the end of the year  -  -  -  - 
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
14.1.9 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series E1 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 1,19,416 0.12 1,19,416 0.12
Add: Outstanding shares converted to fully paid up - 11.82 - -
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (1,19,416) (11.94) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 1,19,416 0.12
14.1.10 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series Z1 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 31,797 0.03 31,797 0.03
Add: Outstanding shares converted to fully paid up - 0.29 - -
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (31,797) (0.32) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 31,797 0.03
151150 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 79]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
14.1.11 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series Z2 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 25,068 0.03 - -
Add: Outstanding shares converted to fully paid up - 0.22 - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - 25,068 0.03
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (25,068) (0.25) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 25,068 0.03
14.1.12 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series Z3 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 22,301 0.02 - -
Add: Outstanding shares converted to fully paid up - 0.20 - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - 22,301 0.02
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (22,301) (0.22) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 22,301 0.02
14.1.13 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series Z4 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 17,926 0.18 - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration other than 
cash
35,852 0.36 17,926 0.18
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (53,778) (0.54) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 17,926 0.18
14.2 Terms/rights attached to shares
14.2.1 Equity shares
The Company has issued only one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹1 per share(pursuant to the split of shares of 
the Company approved in the Board of Directors meeting held on July 8, 2025). Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one 
vote per share. Any dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of the shareholders in the ensuing 
annual general meeting. The Company has not declared/proposed any dividend in the current year and previous year.
During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted certain Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the Board of 
Directors and shareholders.
Series A CCPS aggregating to 7,86,684 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series B CCPS aggregating to 4,88,263 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series C CCPS aggregating to 16,29,078 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series D1 CCPS aggregating to 7,03,903 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series E CCPS aggregating to 16,70,167 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series E1 CCPS aggregating to 1,19,416 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series Z1 CCPS aggregating to 31,797 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series Z2 CCPS aggregating to 25,068 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series Z3 CCPS aggregating to 22,301 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series Z4 CCPS aggregating to 53,778 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Consequent to the above conversions, the corresponding CCPS balances stand extinguished/reduced and the paid-
up equity share capital of the Company increased by issuance of equity shares as per the applicable conversion ratio 
prescribed in the respective agreements.
During the previous year the Company has converted 2 Series A OCRPS having face value of ₹100 each into 2,91,456 
Equity Shares having face value of ₹10 each in the ratio 1: 1,45,728 and 2 Series B OCRPS having face value of ₹100 
each into 2,91,256 Equity Shares having face value of ₹10 each in the ratio 1: 1,45,728.
In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive any of the remaining 
assets of the Company in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders, after distribution of all 
preferential amounts.
As per records of the Company, including its register of shareholder/members and other declaration received from 
shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above share holding represents both legal and beneficial ownerships 
of shares.
14.2.2 Preference shares
a)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series A CCPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.10% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face 
value ₹10 per share aggregating to ₹78,66,840 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry 
of 19 years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:9.29025084745763 (to account for such sub-
division)[Previous year: 1:0.929025084745763].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the 
Company before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the holders of Series A CCPS shall have preference over the other Shareholders of 
the Company other than holders of Series E CCPS, Secondary Shares, Series D1 CCPS and Series C CCPS and 
Series B CCPS for return of capital invested towards the subscription of Series A CCPS.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 7 ,86,684 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
b)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series B CCPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.10% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face 
value ₹10 per share aggregating to ₹48,82,630 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry 
of 19 years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous 
year: 1:1].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the 
Company before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series B CCPS shall have preference over the other Shareholders of 
the Company other than holders of Series E CCPS, Secondary Shares, Series D1 CCPS and Series C CCPS (but 
including holders of Series A CCPS) for return of capital invested towards the subscription of Series B CCPS.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 4,88,263 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
153152 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 80]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
c)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series C CCPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.0001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹10 per share aggregating to ₹1,62,90,780 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry of 19 
years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous year: 1:1].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the 
Company before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series C CCPS shall have preference over all the other Shareholders of 
the Company other than holders of Series E CCPS, Secondary Shares and Series D1 CCPS (but including holders 
of Series A CCPS and Series B CCPS) for return of capital invested towards the subscription of Series C CCPS.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 16,29,078 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
d)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series D1 CCPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.0001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹10 per share aggregating to ₹70,39,030 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry of 19 
years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous year: 1:1].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the 
Company before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series D1 CCPS shall have preference over all the other Shareholders of 
the Company other than holders of Series E CCPS and Secondary Shares (but including holders of Series A CCPS, 
Series B CCPS and Series C CCPS) for return of capital invested towards the subscription of Series D1 CCPS.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 7 ,03,903 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
e)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series E CCPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.0001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹10 per share aggregating to ₹16,701,670 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry of 19 
years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous year: 1:1].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the 
Company before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series E CCPS and Secondary Shares (“Series E Transaction CCPS”) 
shall have preference over all the other Shareholders of the Company (including holders of Series A CCPS, Series 
B CCPS, Series C CCPS and Series D1 CCPS) for return of capital invested towards: (a) the subscription of Series 
E CCPS and (b) acquisition of Secondary Shares.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 16,70,167 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
f)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series A OCRPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.01% Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference shares (“OCRPS”) of face value 
₹100 per share aggregating to ₹200 which are convertible into equity shares subject to primary conditions 
mentioned in SHA. The tenure of the Series shall be 20 years.
	 	During the year 2024-25, the Company has converted 2 Series A OCRPS having face value of ₹100 each into 
2,91,456 Equity Shares having face value of ₹10 each in the ratio 1: 1,45,728.
g)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series B OCRPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.01% Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference shares (“OCRPS”) of face value 
₹100 per share aggregating to ₹200 which are convertible into equity shares subject to primary conditions 
mentioned in SHA. The tenure of the Series shall be 20 years.
	 	During the year 2024- 25, the Company has converted 2 Series B OCRPS having face value of ₹100 each into 
2,91,456 Equity Shares having face value of ₹10 each in the ratio 1: 1,45,728.
h)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series E1 CCPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.01% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face 
value ₹100 per share, as fully paid in current year (Previous year: ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹1,19,416 which 
are convertible into equity shares after expiry of 19 years from the date of issuance having conversion ratio of 
1:89.78696322 (to account for such sub-division) [Previous year: 1:10].
	 	The holder of each Series E1 CCPS shall be entitled to preferential dividend at the rate of 0.01% per annum on the 
face value of the Series E1 CCPS issued. The dividends are non-cumulative in nature and will be payable as and 
when declared by the Board of Directors of the Company and/or the shareholders of the Company.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 1,19,416 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
i)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series Z1 CCPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.0001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face 
value ₹10 per share, as fully paid in current year (Previous year: ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹31,797 which are 
convertible into equity shares after expiry of 19 years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to 
account for such sub-division)[Previous year: 1:1].
	 	Series Z1 CCPS shall be entitled to a cumulative dividend as given to holder of the Preference Shares in the 
Series E Equity round in preference of Equity Shares. Dividend shall be paid as and when it is paid and declared 
on Equity Shares.
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series Z1 CCPS shall have liquidation preference as available to the 
investors of Series E Equity Round in the company on a pari passu basis.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 31,797 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
j)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series Z2 CCPS
	 	The Company has issued Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹10 per share, as fully paid in current year (Previous year: ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹25.068 which are 
convertible into equity shares which are convertible into equity shares after expiry of 19 years from the date of 
issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous year: 1:1].
	 	Series Z2 CCPS shall be entitled to a cumulative dividend as given to holder of the Preference shares in the Series 
F Equity round in preference of Equity Shares. Dividend shall be paid as and when it is paid and declared on 
Equity Shares.
155154 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 81]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series Z2 CCPS shall have liquidation preference as available to the 
investors of Series F Equity Round in the company on a pari passu basis.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 25,068 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
k)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series Z3 CCPS
	 	The Company has issued 0.001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face 
value ₹10 per share, as fully paid in current (Previous year: ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹22.301 which are 
convertible into equity shares after expiry of 8 years from the date of issuance which are convertible into equity 
shares after expiry of 19 years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-
division)[Previous year: 1:1].
	 	The Series Z3 CCPS are cumulative, participating, compulsorily and fully convertible preference shares having 
a face value of ₹10 each. Minimum preferential cumulative dividend rate is 0.001% of the face value per annum 
pari passu with the preferential dividend payable to any other holder of preference shares. In addition to and 
after payment of the Investor Preferential Dividend, holders of Series Z3 CCPS would be entitled to participate 
pari passu in any cash or non-cash dividends paid to the holders of shares of all other classes (including Equity 
Shares) or series on a pro rata, as-if converted basis to the fullest extent permissible under applicable Law.
	 	In the event of a Liquidity Event, Series Z3 CCPS shall have liquidation preference as available to the holders of 
Preference Shares in the Subsequent Round.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 22,301 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
l)	 	Terms/rights attached to Series Z4 CCPS
	 	The Company has issued Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value ₹10 
per share fully paid up aggregating to ₹5,37 ,780 which are convertible into equity shares after expiry of 19 years 
from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous year: 1:1].
	 	The Series Z4 CCPS shall carry a predetermined cumulative dividend rate of 0.0001% per annum. Series Z4 
CCPS shall be entitled to the same Liquidation Preference as Series E CCPS during a Liquidation Event.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Company converted 53,778 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the 
Board of Directors and shareholders.
14.3.1 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each equity shares
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
equity shares  % of Holding  Number of 
equity shares*  % of Holding 
Mr. Ranvir Singh 2,42,91,232 20.45% 16,71,139 31.16%
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 1,74,93,894 14.73% 11,86,870 22.13%
Ammar Sdn Bhd 1,56,88,260 13.21% 8,84,331 16.49%
Vertex Ventures SEA Fund III Pte Ltd 1,05,00,809 8.84% 1,06,220 1.98%
Vertex Growth Fund Pte. Ltd. 94,12,960 7.93% 5,30,599 9.89%
Vertex Growth Fund II Pte. Ltd. 94,12,960 7.93% 5,30,599 9.89%
VenturEast Proactive Fund II 79,98,270 6.73% - -
Endiya Seed Co-creation Fund 72,63,560 6.12% - -
Sistema Asia Fund Pte Ltd 68,06,240 5.73% 100 0.00%
*Above mentioned numbers are Pre-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 
8 July, 2025.
14.3.2 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series A shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
ENdiya Trustee Private Limited - - 3,68,750 46.87%
Ventureast Proactive Fund LLC - - 3,52,389 44.79%
Ventureast Trustee Company Private Limited	
(as a Trustee of Ventureast Proactive Fund II)
- - 64,009 8.14%
14.3.3 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series B shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
ENdiya Trustee Private Limited - - 1,60,508 32.87%
Ventureast Trustee Company Private Limited 	
(as a Trustee of Ventureast Proactive Fund II)
- - 3,21,117 65.77%
14.3.4 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series C shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
ENdiya Trustee Private Limited  - -  2,23,170 13.70%
Sistema Asia Fund Pte. Limited  - -  4,47,965 27.50%
Ventureast Trustee Company Private Limited (as a Trustee 
of Ventureast Proactive Fund II)
 - -  3,28,539 20.17%
Vertex Ventures SEA Fund III Pte. Limited  - -  5,86,459 36.00%
14.3.5 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series D shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Sistema Asia Fund Pte. Limited - - 2,32,559 33.04%
Ventureast Trustee Company Private Limited (as a trustee 
of Ventureast Proactive Fund II)
- - 1,50,071 21.32%
Vertex Ventures SEA Fund III Pte. Limited - - 3,00,141 42.64%
14.3.6 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series E shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Ammar Sdn Bhd - - 6,84,495 40.98%
Vertex Growth Fund Pte. Ltd. - - 4,10,697 24.59%
Vertex Growth Fund II Pte. Ltd. - - 4,10,697 24.59%
157156 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 82]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
14.3.7 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series E1 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - - 59,708 50.00%
Mr. Ranvir Singh - - 59,708 50.00%
14.3.8 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series Z1 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Trifecta Venture Debt Fund-III - - 31,797 100.00%
14.3.9 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series Z2 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Trifecta Venture Debt Fund-III - - 25,068 100.00%
14.3.10 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series Z3 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Alteria Capital Fund III — Scheme A - - 17,840 80.00%
Alteria Capital Fund II — Scheme I - - 4,461 20.00%
14.3.11 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series Z4 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar - - 17,926 100.00%
14.4 Details of shares held by Promoters
14.4.1(a) Details of equity shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
equity shares  % of Holding  Number of 
equity shares  % of Holding 
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 1,74,93,894 14.73% 11,86,870 22.13%
Mr. Ranvir Singh 2,42,91,232 20.45% 16,71,139 31.16%
14.4.1(b) Percentage change in equity shares held by Promoters in the company	
Shareholder 
 % change in Holding 
As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 47.40% 32.55%
Mr. Ranvir Singh 45.36% 21.12%
14.4.2(a) Details of Series A optionally convertible redeemable preference shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - - - -
Mr. Ranvir Singh - - - -
14.4.2(b) Percentage change in Series A optionally convertible redeemable preference shares held 
by promoters
Shareholder 
 % change in Holding 
As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - 100.00%
Mr. Ranvir Singh - 100.00%
14.4.3(a) Details of Series B optionally convertible redeemable preference shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - - - -
Mr. Ranvir Singh - - - -
14.4.3(b) Percentage change in Series B optionally convertible redeemable preference shares held 
by promoters
Shareholder 
 % change in Holding 
As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - 100.00%
Mr. Ranvir Singh - 100.00%
14.4.4(a) Details of Series E1 compulsorily convertible preference shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - - 59,708 50.00%
Mr. Ranvir Singh - - 59,708 50.00%
14.4.4(b) Percentage change in Series E1 compulsorily convertible preference shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
 % change in Holding 
As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 100.00% -
Mr. Ranvir Singh 100.00% -
159158 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 83]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
14.5		Details of shares issued for consideration other than cash for last 5 years immediately 
preceding 31 March, 2026.
	 	The Company has allotted 53,778 shares of face value of ₹10, pursuant to service agreement with Sachin 
Ramesh Tendulkar against the services received by the company.
14.6		Shares reserved for issue under contract/commitments for the sale of shares :
	 	For details of shares reserved for issue under the employee stock option (ESOP) plan of the Company, please 
refer note 38.
Note 15 - Other equity
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Securities Premium 5,417.45 5,144.50
Share based Payment Reserve 1,700.31 1,430.57
Capital Redemption Reserve 0.06 0.06
Retained earnings 2,403.97 961.67
Total 9,521.79 7,536.80
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Securities premium account
Opening balance 5,144.50 5,110.50
Add: Additions during the year 251.41 39.83
Add: Options Exercised during the year 21.54 -
(Less) : Deletions during the year - (5.83)
Closing balance 5,417.45 5,144.50
Share based Payment Reserve
Opening balance 1,430.57 1,055.64
Less: Transfer to retained earnings (2.08) (1.29)
Less: Options Exercised during the year (21.54) -
Add : Additions during the year 293.36 376.22
Closing balance 1,700.31 1,430.57
Capital Redemption Reserve
Opening balance 0.06 0.06
Add/(Less) : Changes during the year - -
Closing balance 0.06 0.06
Retained earnings
Opening balance 961.67 451.26
Add: Profit for the year 1,441.24 508.98
Add: Transfer from share based payment reserve 2.08 1.29
Add: Other comprehensive income for the year (1.02) 0.14
Closing balance 2,403.97 961.67
Nature and purpose of the reserves
1.	 	Securities premium
	 	Securities premium reserve is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilised only 
for limited purposes such as issuance of bonus shares in accordance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
2.	 	Share based payment reserve
	 	The share-based payment reserve is used to recognise the value of equity-settled share-based payments 
provided to employees. Refer to Note 38 for further details of these plans.
3.	 	Capital redemption reserve
	 	The Company has recognised capital redemption reserve on conversion of cumulative compulsory convertible 
preference shares (CCPS) into Equity Shares.
4.	 	Retained earnings
	 	Retained earnings represent the amount of accumulated earnings of the Company.
Note 16 - Trade Payables 
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Trade Payables
a)	 	total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises* 113.41 10.68
b)	 	total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 393.93 202.32
Total 507.34 213.00
*Refer note no.28 for MSME disclosure
Trade Payables Aging schedule
Particulars
 Outstanding as on March 31, 2026 from the due date of payment 
Unbilled  Less than 
1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years  Total 
i)	 MSME 28.51 84.90 - - - 113.41
ii)	 Others 121.71 272.22 - - - 393.93
iii)	 Disputed Dues - MSME - - - - - -
iv)	 Disputed Dues - Others - - - - - -
v	 Undue Bills - - - - - -
Particulars
 Outstanding as on March 31, 2025 from the due date of payment 
Unbilled Less than 	
1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years  Total 
i)	 MSME - 10.68 - - - 10.68
ii)	 Others 53.44 148.88 - - - 202.32
iii)	 Disputed Dues - MSME - - - - - -
iv)	 Disputed Dues - Others - - - - - -
v)	 Undue Bills - - - - - -
Note 17 - Other financial liabilities 
Particulars
Non-current Current
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
Provision on off balance sheet exposure - - 377.58 138.01
Unearned Income 84.89 7.77 185.23 85.44
Other Payables - - 125.83 7.85
Provision for IPO related expenses - - 15.28 -
Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares 
("OCRPS")* 
- 0.05 - -
Total 84.89 7.82 703.92 231.30
161160 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 84]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
*Details of shareholding of Series Z1 optionally convertible redeemable preference shares (OCRPS)
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares* 
% of Holding*
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
Innoven Capital India Private Limited  - -  45,021 100.00%
*Consequent to the conversion, the Series Z1 OCRPS stand extinguished and the corresponding equity shares have been issued and 
allotted in accordance with the applicable terms and approvals.
Terms/rights attached to Series Z1 OCRPS
The Company has issued 0.001% Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference shares (“OCRPS”) of face value ₹10 
per share, as fully paid in current year (Previous year: ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹45,021 which are convertible 
into equity shares upon happening of the following two events with conversion ratio of 1:1.
i.	 	at the election of the Series holder; or
ii.	 	upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event.(expiry after 8 years)
The Series Z1 OCRPS have been converted into equity shares at a conversion ratio of 1:10 pursuant to the option 
exercised by the Series Z1 OCRPS holder and pursuant to the split of shares of the Company approved in the Board of 
Directors meeting held on July 8, 2025.
Note 18 - Provisions
Particulars
Non-current Current
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
Provision for Leave Encashment 13.65 9.89 4.01 2.79
Provision for Gratuity 27.38 20.80 3.03 2.46
Total 41.03 30.69 7.04 5.25
Note 19 - Other Non current/current liabilities 
Particulars
Non-current Current
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
Statutory dues payable - - 66.01 109.44
Total - - 66.01 109.44
Note 20 - Revenue from operations - Sale of Service
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Sourcing and servicing fees 5,890.37 2,716.54
Marketing and commission income 157.42 70.83
Insurance commission and rewards 693.95 34.42
Other fees and charges 240.00 240.00
Total 6,981.74 3,061.79
Note 21 - Other income
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Interest on bank deposits 55.37 10.88
Interest on loans 66.12 69.26
Interest income on security deposits 7.01 6.46
Gain on termination of lease 14.41 1.54
Corporate guarantee fees 217.15 62.31
Net gain on sale of fixed assets 0.32 1.36
Miscellaneous Income 0.91 2.44
Total 361.29 154.25
Note 22 - Employee benefit expenses
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Salaries, wages & allowances 562.97 620.24
Leave Encashment (refer note 29) 8.90 3.37
Contribution to provident fund & other funds (refer note 29) 9.72 12.28
Gratuity expense (refer note 29) 9.12 8.38
Employee share based payments (refer note 38) 57.18 309.14
Staff welfare expenses 21.35 24.72
Total 669.24 978.13
Note 23 - Finance costs
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Interest expenses on lease liability (refer note 5(b)) 31.71 35.52
Interest on statutory dues 0.16 1.48
Total 31.87 37.00
Note 24 - Depreciation & Amortization
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Depreciation on property, plant & equipment (refer note 4(a)) 18.12 30.94
Depreciation on right of use assets (refer note 5(a)) 108.80 100.42
Amortization of intangible assets (refer note 4(a)) 4.75 8.19
Total 131.67 139.55
Note 25 - Other expenses
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Rent 10.00 7.41
Rates & taxes 2.42 22.04
Electricity expenses 10.95 10.37
Travelling expenses 6.74 5.84
Repair & maintenance 37.81 35.30
Bank and payment gateway charges 3.29 1.00
Expenses towards CSR (refer note 33) 14.02 12.32
Server & communication cost 27.84 24.04
Business support service expenses 28.08 3.10
Outsourcing and back office expenses 557.48 133.42
163162 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 85]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Branding and marketing expenses 2,551.46 949.24
Legal & professional charges 24.55 17.34
Auditors' remuneration (refer note*) 2.80 2.90
Expected credit loss on off balance sheet exposure 239.57 138.01
First loan default guarantee cost 1,009.47 4.65
Recruitment fees 5.29 11.33
Subscription fees 1.20 2.00
Net loss on foreign currency transaction 0.52 0.47
Director's sitting fees 9.30 -
Impairment allowance on Trade Receivable (Net) - (20.79)
Bad debts written off - 20.79
Office & miscellaneous expenses 46.61 12.15
Total 4,589.40 1,392.93
*Breakup of Auditors’ remuneration
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Statutory Audit 2.70 2.70
Tax audit 0.10 0.10
GST Audit - 0.10
Other Services* 5.00 -
Total 7.80 2.90
*Other services includes ₹5.00 million as auditor remuneration towards certification and other professional services related to the public 
issue of equity shares. This amount has been included under Note 13: Deferred Expenses in Other Non-Current Assets.
Note 26 - Tax expense
a.	 The components of income tax expense
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Current tax 589.60 210.38
Deferred tax (110.22) (50.82)
(Excess)/Short provision of tax for earlier year 0.23 (0.11)
Total tax expense 479.61 159.45
b.	 	Reconciliation of the total tax expense
	 	The tax charge shown in the statement of profit and loss differs from the tax charge that would apply if all profits 
had been charged at India corporate tax rate. A reconciliation between the tax expense and the accounting profit 
multiplied by India’s corporate tax rate for the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025 is, as follows:
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Accounting profit before tax 1,920.85 668.43
Applicable tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Computed tax expense 483.44 168.23
Tax effect of :
Permanent differences (3.53) (3.10)
(Excess)/Short provision of earlier year 0.23 (0.11)
Others (0.53) (5.57)
Tax expenses recognised in the statement of profit and loss 479.61 159.45
Effective tax rate 24.97% 23.85%
c.	 Movement in deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Particulars As at 
31 March 2025
Statement of 
Profit and Loss OCI As at
31 March 2026
Deferred tax asset 
Payments as per section 43B (Gratuity & Leave Encashment) 9.05 2.71 0.34 12.10
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other 
intangible assets
- 2.51 - 2.51
Provision for business correspondent arrangements 35.90 59.13 - 95.03
Unearned income - corporate guarantee fees 23.46 44.53 - 67.98
Lease arrangements accounted as ROU Assets & lease liabilities 10.76 (4.35) - 6.41
79.17 104.53 0.34 184.03
Deferred tax liability
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other 
intangible assets
5.69 (5.69) - -
5.69 (5.69) - -
Net Deferred tax asset/(liability) 73.48 110.21 0.34 184.03
Particulars As at 
31 March 2024
Statement of 	
profit and loss OCI As at 
31 March 2025
Deferred tax asset 
Payments as per section 43B (Gratuity & Leave Encashment) 9.34 (0.24) (0.05) 9.05
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other 
intangible assets
3.14 (3.14) - -
Provision for business correspondent arrangements - 35.90 - 35.90
Unearned income - corporate guarantee fees - 23.46 - 23.46
Lease arrangements accounted as ROU Assets & lease liabilities 10.22 0.54 - 10.76
22.70 56.52 (0.05) 79.17
Deferred tax liability
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other 
intangible assets
- 5.69 - 5.69
- 5.69 - 5.69
Net Deferred tax asset/(liability) 22.70 50.83 (0.05) 73.48
The ultimate parent entity and its subsidiary are incorporated in India. Based on the assessment performed, the 
consolidated revenue of the Group does not exceed the threshold of EUR 750 million prescribed under the OECD 
Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion (GloBE) Rules. Accordingly, the Group is not within the scope of such rules and no 
material Pillar Two tax exposure has been identified as at the reporting date.
Note 27 - Earnings per share
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would 
be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares of the Company.
165164 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 86]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
i)	 	The following data reflects computation of basic and diluted EPS :
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Basic 
Profit after tax (₹) 1,441.24 508.98
Weighted average no. of equity shares outstanding 6,01,37,678 4,85,36,379
Basic EPS (₹) 23.97 10.49
Diluted 
Profit after tax (₹) 1,441.24 508.98
Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted EPS 13,16,06,735 12,55,78,149
Diluted EPS (₹) 10.95 4.05
Face value per share (₹) 1.00 1.00
ii)	 	Additionally, Earnings per share (EPS) without giving effect to the share split approved by the Board of Directors 
at its meeting held on July 8, 2025 which have been computed as the number of shares and EPS for the previous 
year, as presented in the table below.
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Basic
Profit after tax (₹) 508.98
Weighted average no. of equity shares outstanding 48,53,638
Basic EPS (₹) 104.86
Diluted
Profit after tax (₹) 508.98
Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted EPS 1,25,57,815
Diluted EPS (₹) 40.53
Face value per share (₹) 10.00
Note 28 - Details of dues to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
Based on the information available with the Company, few of the vendors are registered under the Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 and hence disclosure relating to amounts unpaid as at the year end 
under this Act has been given. There are no Micro and Small Enterprises, to whom the Company owes dues, which are 
outstanding for more than 45 days as at year end.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
a)	 	Principal amount due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the year end. 113.41 10.68
b)	 	Interest amount due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the year end. - -
c)	 	Amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 2006 along 
with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during 
year. 
- -
d)	 	Amount of interest due and payable for the year of delay in making payment (which have 
been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest 
specified under the MSMED Act, 2006. 
- -
e)	 	Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at year end. - -
f)	 	Amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in succeeding years, until 
such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise for the 
purpose of disallowance as a deductible. 
- -
Note: The management has identified micro and small enterprises as defined under Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED) on the basis of information made available by the supplier or vendors 
of the Company.
Note 29 - Employee benefit obligations
a) 	 	Defined Contribution Plan
	 	The Company makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect 
of qualifying employees towards provident fund and other funds which are defined contribution plans. The 
Company has no obligations other than this to make the specified contributions. The contributions are charged to 
the Statement of Profit and Loss as they accrue. The Company makes Provident Fund, Employee State Insurance 
Scheme and Maharashtra Labour Welfare Fund contributions which are defined contribution plans for qualifying 
employees. Under the Schemes, the Company is required to contribute a specified percentage of the payroll 
costs to fund the benefits. The Company recognized ₹9.72 million (31 March 2025: ₹12.28 million) for Provident 
Fund contributions, Employee State Insurance Scheme and Maharashtra Labour Welfare Fund. The contributions 
payable to these plans by the Company are at rates specified in the rules of the Schemes.
b)	 Defined benefit plans
	 	The Company has a unfunded defined benefit gratuity plan in India. The company’s defined benefit gratuity plan 
is a final salary plan for India employees, which requires contributions to be made to a separately administered 
fund. The gratuity plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 and new Labour codes. The level of 
benefits provided depends on the member’s length of service and salary at retirement age.
	 	The following tables summarise the components of net benefit expense recognised in the statement of profit or 
loss and the funded status and amounts recognised in the balance sheet for the respective plans:
i)	 Amount recognised in the balance sheet is as under:
Particulars Present value of 
obligation
Fair value of plan 
assets Net amount
As at 1 April 2024 24.69 - 24.69
Current service cost 6.59 - 6.59
Interest expense/(income) 1.79 - 1.79
Return on plan assets - - -
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising from change in financial assumptions 0.17 - 0.17
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising from change in demographic assumptions - - -
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising on account of experience changes (0.36) - (0.36)
Employer contributions - - -
Benefit payments (9.62) - (9.62)
As at March 31, 2025 23.26 - 23.26
Current service cost 7.26 - 7.26
Interest expense/(income) 1.87 - 1.87
Return on plan assets - - -
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising from change in financial assumptions (0.91) - (0.91)
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising from change in demographic assumptions - - -
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising on account of experience changes 2.27 - 2.27
Employer contributions - - -
Benefit payments (3.34) - (3.34)
As at March 31, 2026 30.41 - 30.41
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Present value of plan liabilities 30.41 23.26
Fair value of plan assets - -
Plan liability net of plan assets 30.41 23.26
167166 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 87]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
ii)	 Amount recognised in the statement of profit and loss:
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Employee Benefit Expenses:
Current service cost 7.26 6.59
Finance cost 1.87 1.79
Net impact on the profit before tax 9.13 8.38
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability:
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest expense/income - -
Actuarial gains/(losses) arising from changes in demographic assumptions - -
Actuarial gains/(losses) arising from changes in financial assumptions 0.91 (0.17)
Actuarial gains/(losses) arising from changes in experience (2.27) 0.36
Net impact on the other comprehensive income before tax (1.36) 0.19
iii)	 Actuarial assumptions
	 	With the objective of presenting the plan assets and plan liabilities of the defined benefits plans and post 
retirement medical benefits at their fair value on the balance sheet, assumptions under Ind AS 19 are set by 
reference to market conditions at the valuation date.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Discount rate 7.75% 7.00%
Attrition / Withdrawal rate 20.00% 20.00%
Salary escalation rate* 5.00% 5.00%
* takes into account the inflation, seniority, promotions and other relevant factors
iv)	 Demographic assumptions
	 	Mortality rate during employment: Indian Assured Lives Mortality (2012-14)
v)	 Sensitivity
Particulars
 Impact on defined benefit obligation
As at	
 31 March 2026
As at	
 31 March 2025
Delta effect of +1% change in rate of discounting 1.21 0.96
Delta effect of -1% change in rate of discounting (1.32) (1.06)
Delta effect of +1% change in rate of salary increase (1.35) (1.06)
Delta effect of -1% change in rate of salary increase 1.25 0.98
Delta effect of +1% change in withdrawal rate 0.18 0.24
Delta effect of -1% change in withdrawal rate (0.18) (0.24)
The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. 
In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the 
sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of 
the defined benefit obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting year) has 
been applied as when calculating the defined benefit liability recognised in the balance sheet.
The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change compared to the 
prior year.
vi)	 Maturity
	 The defined benefit obligations shall mature after year end as follows:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
1st Following Year 3.04 2.46
2nd Following Year 1.54 0.90
3rd Following Year 1.71 1.20
4th Following Year 1.70 1.24
5th Following Year 1.65 1.21
6th Following Year & onwards 20.78 16.25
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 23 years (previous year - 24 years)
Current/Non Current liability
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Current liability (short term) 3.03 2.46
Non Current liability (long term) 27.38 20.80
Total liability 30.41 23.26
c)	 Compensated absences
i)	 Amount recognised in the balance sheet is as under:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Present value of the obligation at the beginning of the year 12.68 12.24
Current service cost 5.93 5.35
Interest Cost 1.04 0.89
Benefits paid (if any) (3.93) (2.92)
Actuarial (gain)/loss 1.94 (2.88)
Present value of the obligation at the end of the year 17.66 12.68
ii)	 Actuarial assumptions
	 	With the objective of presenting the plan assets and plan liabilities of the defined benefits plans and post 
retirement medical benefits at their fair value on the balance sheet, assumptions under Ind AS 19 are set by 
reference to market conditions at the valuation date.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Discount rate 7.75% 7.00%
Mortality IALM2012-14 IALM2012-14
Attrition / Withdrawal rate 20.00% 20.00%
Salary escalation rate* 5.00% 5.00%
* takes into account the inflation, seniority, promotions and other relevant factors
iii)	 Sensitivity
Particulars
 Impact on defined benefit obligation
As at 	
31 March 2026
As at 	
31 March 2025
Delta effect of +1% change in rate of discounting  0.70  0.51 
Delta effect of -1% change in rate of discounting  (0.76)  (0.58)
Delta effect of +1% change in rate of salary increase  (0.78)  (0.58)
Delta effect of -1% change in rate of salary increase  0.73  0.53 
Delta effect of +1% change in withdrawal rate  (0.09)  (0.06)
Delta effect of -1% change in withdrawal rate  0.10  0.04 
169168 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 88]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. 
In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the 
sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the, same method (present value of 
the defined benefit obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting year) has 
been applied as when calculating the defined benefit liability recognised in the balance sheet.
iv)	 Current/Non Current liability
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Current liability (short term) 4.01 2.79
Non Current liability (long term) 13.65 9.89
Total liability 17.66 12.68
Note 30 - Maturity analysis of assets and liabilities
The table below shows an analysis of assets and liabilities analysed according to when they are expected to be 
recovered or settled.
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Within 
12 months
After 
12 months Total Within 
12 months
After 
12 months Total
ASSETS
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents 235.84 - 235.84 108.21 - 108.21
Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents 
above
212.50 - 212.50 - - -
Trade receivables 983.83 - 983.83 817.92 - 817.92
Investments - 8,060.01 8,060.01 - 5,810.01 5,810.01
Other Financial assets 348.50 622.94 971.44 1,048.22 332.54 1,380.76
Non-financial assets
Deferred tax assets (Net) - 184.03 184.03 - 73.48 73.48
Property, plant and equipment - 23.95 23.95 - 33.10 33.10
Intangible assets under development - 62.96 62.96 - 47.79 47.79
Right of use asset - 166.83 166.83 - 242.86 242.86
Other Intangible assets - 50.32 50.32 - 11.67 11.67
Other current assets 164.89 - 164.89 62.12 - 62.12
Other non-current assets - 188.03 188.03 - - -
Total assets 1,945.56 9,359.07 11,304.63 2,036.47 6,551.45 8,587.92
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities
Trade payables
(i)	 	Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises 
and small enterprises
113.41 - 113.41 10.68 - 10.68
(ii)	 	Total outstanding dues of creditors other than 
micro enterprises and small enterprises
393.93 - 393.93 202.32 - 202.32
Lease Liabilities 88.20 87.57 175.77 97.87 168.16 266.03
Other Financial liabilities 703.92 84.89 788.81 231.30 7.82 239.12
Non-financial liabilities
Current tax liabilities (Net) 78.06 - 78.06 80.80 - 80.80
Provisions 7.04 41.03 48.07 5.25 30.69 35.94
Other current liabilities 66.01 - 66.01 109.44 - 109.44
Total Liability 1,450.57 213.49 1,664.06 737.66 206.67 944.33
Net 494.99 9,145.58 9,640.57 1,298.81 6,344.78 7,643.59
Note 31 - Capital management
The primary objectives of the Company’s capital management policy are to ensure that the Company complies with 
externally imposed capital requirements and maintains strong credit ratings and healthy capital ratios in order to 
support its business and to maximise shareholder value.
The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it according to changes in economic conditions 
and the risk characteristics of its activities. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may 
adjust the amount of dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue capital securities. No 
changes have been made to the objectives, policies and processes from the previous years. However, they are under 
constant review by the Board.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Share capital 118.78 53.63
Instruments entirely equity in nature - 53.16
Other equity 9,521.79 7,536.80
Total Equity 9,640.57 7,643.59
Borrowings - -
Debt to equity ratio NA NA
Note 32 - Contingent Liabilities & Commitments
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Contingent liabilities
Accrued dividend on compulsorily convertible cumulative preference shares - 0.10
Corporate guarantee issued on behalf of subsidiary 21,982.06 12,217.64
Guarantee given pursuant to business correspondent arrangements 737.80 312.44
Income tax under Appeals (AY 22-23) 4.93 4.93
Income tax under Appeals (AY 19-20) 47.06 47.06
Income tax under Appeals (AY 20-21) 0.84 -
GST under Appeals (AY 2021-22)* 64.68 64.68
GST under Appeals (AY 2022-23)* 15.17 -
GST demand under assessment (AY 2024-25) 39.34 -
GST demand under assessment (AY 2025-26) 16.75 -
Capital commitments
Capital commitments as at the year end - -
* The Company has filed an appeal against the tax demand raised by the authorities and has paid ₹3.79 million under protest at the time of 
filing the appeal.
Note 33 - Corporate social responsibility (CSR) expenses:
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year as per section 135 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
14.02 12.32
Amount spent during the year on: 
(i)	 	Construction / acquisition of any assets - -
(ii)	 	On purposes other than (i) above 14.02 12.32
Total 14.02 12.32
Notes:
1)	 	The Company has not made any transaction with related parties in relation to CSR expenditure as per Ind AS 24.
2)	 	There is no shortfall at the end of year out of the amount required to be spent by the Company.
171170 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 89]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
3)	 	The Company’s corporate social responsibility initiatives are strategically directed towards -
	 i)	 	Areas of skilling for employment programmes wherein they have engaged apprentices under the National 
Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme (NAPS);
	 ii)	 	Promoting healthcare & education.
4)	 	There is no excess CSR expenditure under Section 135(5) as at the year ended 31 st March 2026 and 31 st 
March 2025.
Note 34 - Related Party Disclosures:
(a)	 	Related party disclosures as required by Ind AS 24 - Related Party Disclosures.
A)	 	List of related parties and relationships:
Nature of Relationship Name of Related Parties
Subsidiary company Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited
Key Management Personnel (KMP) Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan (Chief Financial Officer & Director)
Mr. Ranvir Singh (Chief Executive Officer & Director)
Mr. Amit Gupta (Chief Financial Officer) (w.e.f 20th August 2024 upto 17th July 2025)
Ms. Devangi Singh (Company Secretary, Ceased Office w.e.f 17th May 2024)
Ms. Shraddha Patangia (Company Secretary) (w.e.f. 20th August 2024)
Independent Directors Mr. Alok Bansal (w.e.f. 16th June 2025)
Ms. Sangeeta Tanwani (w.e.f. 16th June 2025)
Mr. Atul Bheda (w.e.f. 08th July 2025 upto 26 November 2025)
Mr. Yogesh Chadha (w.e.f 2nd December, 2025)
Nominee Director Mr. Piyush Kharbanda (w.e.f. 26th December 2018)
B)	 	Disclosure of related party transactions:
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Transaction with Subsidiary Company
Rendering of services (Income)
Corporate Guarantee Fees Income 394.06 155.52
Interest Income on loan 66.12 69.26
Sourcing fees income 1,413.15 1,725.51
Other fees & charges 240.00 240.00
Grant of ESOP's to employees of subsidiary company 236.17 68.04
Expenses incurred on behalf of subsidiary company 117.44 112.74
Reimbursements of business support expenses & other expenses 80.32 14.52
Investment in Subsidiary Company 2,250.00 1,500.00
Balances Outstanding 
Receivables 164.22 306.71
Investment 8,060.01 5,810.01
Loan outstanding - 965.26
Interest accrued on loans outstanding - 62.33
C)	 	Compensation Paid to Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
Name of Key Management Personnel
Short-term employee 
benefits
Post-employment 
benefits
Other long-term 
benefits Share-based payment
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Remuneration including 
perquisites
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 10.00 2.50 - - - - - -
Mr. Ranvir Singh 10.00 2.50 - - - - - -
Mr. Amit Gupta 3.87 9.30 - - - - - -
Ms. Devangi Singh - 0.23 - - - - - -
Ms. Shraddha Patangia 1.59 0.84 - - - - - -
Director Sitting fees and 
Commission (Independent 
Director)*
Mrs. Sangeeta Tanwani 4.20 - - - - - - -
Mr. Alok Bansal 3.90 - - - - - - -
Mr. Atul Bheda 1.30 - - - - - - -
Mr. Yogesh Chadha 0.90 - - - - - - -
Employee share based payment 
to KMP
Mr. Amit Gupta - - - - - - - 13.93
Notes:
1)	 	Directors Sitting fees and Commission includes ₹1.00 million Sitting fees paid to Independent directors related 
to the public issue of equity shares. This amount has been included under Note 13: Deferred Expenses in Other 
Non-Current Assets.
2)	 	During the year ended 31 March 2026, the company has given corporate guarantee for loans sanctioned to 
subsidiary company of ₹24,389.11 million (Previous year: ₹13,134.84 million).
3)	 	Transactions shown above are excluding GST, if any.
4)	 	Managerial Remuneration excludes provision for gratuity and compensated absences, since it is provided on 
actuarial basis for the company as a whole and includes director sitting fees and commission.
5)	 	Transactions with related parties are carried out in the normal course of business and at standard market rates on 
an arm’s length basis.
6)	 	During the financial year, there were no transactions entered into by the Company with any entity in which the Key 
Management Personnel (KMP) or their relatives exercised significant influence.
7)	 	The Company has not engaged in any transactions with the relatives of its KMP during the financial year.
8)	 	The Company has not engaged in any transactions pertaining to loans, advances or investments with companies 
in which the director’s have a vested interest. Hence, the disclosure pursuant to Schedule V of Clause A.2 of 
Regulation 34 (3) and Regulation 53(f) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 are not applicable to the company.
173172 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 90]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 35 - Financial Instruments by category & Fair Value Measurement
Financial Instrument by Category
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
FVTPL Amortised Cost FVTPL Amortised Cost
Financial Asset
Investments - 8,060.01 - 5,810.01
Trade Receivables - 983.83 - 817.92
Cash And Cash Equivalents - 235.84 - 108.21
Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents above - 212.50 - -
Other Financial assets - 971.44 - 1,380.77
Total Financial Assets - 10,463.62 - 8,116.91
Financial Liability
Trade Payables - 507.34 - 213.00
Lease Liabilities - 175.77 - 266.03
Other Financial liabilities - 788.81 - 239.11
Total Financial Liabilities - 1,471.92 - 718.14
Valuation Principle
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction in the 
principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date under current market conditions (i.e., an exit price), 
regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using a valuation technique.
Fair value Hierarchy
This section explains the judgments and estimates made in determining the fair value of the financial instrument 
that are (a) recognized and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are 
disclosed in the financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining 
fair value, the Company has classified its financial instruments into three levels prescribed under the accounting 
standard. The Company uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of the financial 
instruments by valuation techniques:
Level 1: Level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets 
that the Company has the ability to access for the identical assets or liabilities. A financial instrument is classified as a 
Level 1 measurement if it is listed on an exchange.
Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in active markets is determined using valuation 
techniques which maximize the use of observable market data either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices 
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument but do not 
qualify as Level 1 inputs. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable the instrument is 
included in level 2.
Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based in observable market data, the instruments is included in 
level 3. That is, Level 3 inputs incorporate market participants’ assumptions about risk and the risk premium required 
by market participants in order to bear that risk. The Company develops Level 3 inputs based on the best information 
available in the circumstances.
Financial instruments valued at carrying value
The respective carrying values of certain on-balance sheet financial instruments approximated their fair value. These 
financial instruments include cash in hand, balances with Banks, financial institutions, accrued interest receivable, 
accrued interest payable, and certain other assets and liabilities that are considered financial instruments. Carrying 
values were assumed to approximate fair values for these financial instruments as they are short-term in nature and 
their recorded amounts approximate fair values or are receivable or payable on demand.
Note 36 - Revenue from contracts with customers
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Company’s revenue from contracts with customers and reconciliation to 
profit and loss account:
Particulars Year ended 	
31 March 2026
Year ended 	
31 March 2025
Type of income
	 Sale of services 6,981.74 3,061.79
Total revenue from contracts with customers 6,981.74 3,061.79
Geographical markets
	 India 6,981.74 3,061.79
	 Outside India - -
Total revenue from contracts with customers 6,981.74 3,061.79
Timing of revenue recognition
	 Services transferred at a point in time 6,981.74 3,061.79
	 Services transferred over time - -
Total revenue from contracts with customers 6,981.74 3,061.79
Contract balance
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Trade receivables 983.83 817.92
Contract assets/liabilities - -
Note 37 - Financial risk management
The Company’s board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Company’s risk 
management framework. The major risk to which the company is exposed are described below:
A.	 	Credit risk
	 	Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instruments 
fail to meet its contractual obligations. The Company is exposed mainly to credit risk arises from cash and cash 
equivalents, deposit with banks and outstanding trade receivables.
(a)	 	Trade Receivables
	 	The Company extends credit to customers in normal course of business. The Company considers factor such 
as credit report of customer, industry practice, payment record etc. The Company evaluates the concentration 
of risk with respect to trade receivables and unbilled revenue as low. The exposure of trade receivables and the 
expected credit loss measured on the same using simplified approach is as following.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
 Exposure to trade receivables 983.83 817.92
 Impairment provision on trade receivables - -
(b)	 	Cash and cash equivalent and Bank deposits
	 	The Company considers factors such as track record, size of institution, market reputation, credit institution with 
high credit ratings and service standards to select the banks with which balances and deposits are maintained. 
The balance and fixed deposits are generally maintained with the banks with whom the Company has availed the 
credit facilities. Further the Company does not maintain significant cash in hand other than those required for its 
day to day operations. Considering the same, the Company is not exposed to expected credit loss of cash and 
cash equivalent and bank deposits.
175174 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 91]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
B.	 	Liquidity risk
	 	Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with 
its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Company’s approach 
to managing liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities 
when they are due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking 
damage to the Company’s reputation.
	 	Maturity Pattern
	 	The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The amounts 
are gross and undiscounted.
As at 31 March 2026
Particulars
Contractual cash flows
Total Upto 
3 months
Over 
3 months to 
6 months
Over 
6 months to 
one year
Over one 
year to 
3 years
Over 
3 to 5 years 
Over 
5 Years
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade payables (507.34) 507.34 - - - - -
Lease Liabilities (211.81) 22.54 29.49 52.78 64.13 42.87 -
Other Financial liabilities (518.68) 518.68 - - - - -
As at 31 March 2025
Particulars
Contractual cash flows
Total Upto 
3 months
Over 
3 months to 
6 months
Over 
6 months to 
one year
Over one 
year to 
3 years
Over 
3 to 5 years 
Over 
5 Years
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade payables (213.00) 213.00 - - - - -
Lease Liabilities (311.78) 26.32 32.83 63.64 157.90 31.09 -
Other financial liabilities (145.91) 145.86 - - 0.05 - -
C.	 	Price risk
	 	The company is not exposed to price risk.
D.	 	Interest rate risk
	 	The company is not exposed to interest rate risk.
Note 38 - Employee stock option scheme
a)	 Employee stock option scheme (equity settled)
	 	The Company has established the following Employee Stock Option Plans, as approved by the shareholders at 
various Extra-Ordinary General Meetings (EGMs):
	 i)	 ESOP 2019: Approved at the EGM held on June 06, 2019, comprising a pool of 2,56,985 options.
	 ii)	 ESOP 2021: Approved at the EGM held on July 23, 2021, comprising a pool of 1,50,000 options.
	 iii)	 	ESOP 2022: Approved at the EGM held on June 23, 2022, with an initial pool of 9,47 ,206 options, which was 
subsequently increased by 1,00,000 options pursuant to shareholder approval at the EGM held on January 
27, 2025, aggregating to 10,47,206 options.
	 	Each of the above Plans authorises the Company to grant stock options to eligible employees in one or more 
tranches, on such terms and conditions as determined under the respective schemes.
	 	During the current year, the company has granted 4,45,813 (Previous year : 2,78,860) equity shares as ESOP 
to eligible employees as per ESOP Plan. Employee compensation cost has been accounted at fair value of the 
options as at grant date. 1,23,670 options has been exercised during the current year.
	 	Out of the total mentioned above 3,66,763 options are granted to employees of the subsidiary.
b)	 Details of scheme of Employee Stock Option Plans are as under :
Tranch details No. of options Granted till
 31 March 2026 Date of Grant Fair value of Option Exercise Price (₹)
I 2,28,000 23-Jul-21 689.16 10.00
II 28,000 26-Jul-21 1,714.92 10.00
III 35,000 13-Nov-21 1,714.92 10.00
IV 80,000 30-Nov-21 1,714.92 10.00
V 1,78,900 21-Jul-22 1,384.96 10.00
VI 5,00,000 12-Sep-22 1,384.74 10.00
VII 60,050 28-Jun-23 1,716.23 10.00
VIII 2,28,860 28-Nov-24 2,223.35 10.00
IX 50,000 27-Jan-25 2,223.35 10.00
X 28,613 08-Jul-25 2,469.30 10.00
XI* 4,17,200 25-Nov-25 260.00 1.00
*Above mentioned numbers are Post-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity 
shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 8 July, 2025.
i)	 Set out below is a summary of options granted under the plan:
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
Average 
exercise price
Number 
of options
Outstanding at the beginning of the year (Pre split) 10.00 13,36,235
Granted during the year upto shares split 10.00 28,613
Lapsed/expired during the year upto shares split 10.00 (4,810)
Outstanding as on 8 July 2025 (Pre split) 10.00 13,60,038
Outstanding as on 8 July 2025 (Post split) 1.00 1,36,00,380
Exercised during the year post split 1.00 (1,23,670)
Granted during the year post split 1.00 4,17,200
Lapsed/expired during the year post split 1.00 (4,54,950)
Outstanding at the end of the year 1.00 1,34,38,960
Particulars
As at 31 March 2025*
Average 
exercise price
Number 
of options
Outstanding at the beginning of the year 10.00 10,98,450
Granted during the year 10.00 2,78,860
Exercised during the year - -
Lapsed/expired during the year 10.00 (41,075)
Outstanding at the end of the year 10.00 13,36,235
*Above mentioned numbers are Pre-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 8 
July, 2025.
177176 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 92]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
ii)	 	Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise 
prices:
Grant date Vesting Period Exercise price*
Outstanding 
number of 
options as at
31 March 2026*
Outstanding 
number of 
options as at
31 March 2025
23-Jul-21 12 months 1.00  22,70,000  2,28,000
26-Jul-21 1. 50% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
1.00  2,68,000  28,000
13-Nov-21 1. 50% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
1.00  3,00,000  30,000
30-Nov-21 1. 50% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
1.00  6,54,330  75,000
21-Jul-22 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  14,90,000  1,49,000
12-Sep-22 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  50,00,000  5,00,000
28-Jun-23 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  3,50,000  47,375
28-Nov-24 1. 40% Options- 12 months
2. 20% Options- 24 months
3. 20% Options- 36 months
4. 20% Options- 48 months
1.00  6,00,000  60,000
28-Nov-24 1. 50% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
1.00  5,300  2,120
28-Nov-24 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  12,98,000  1,66,740
27-Jan-25 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  5,00,000  50,000
08-Jul-25 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  1,11,130  -
08-Jul-25 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 50% Options- 36 months
1.00  1,75,000  -
25-Nov-25 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  4,17,200  -
Total  1,34,38,960  13,36,235
*Above mentioned numbers are Post-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 
8 July, 2025.
c)	 Fair value of options granted
	 	The fair value at grant date is determined using the Black Scholes Model which takes into account the exercise 
price, the term of the option, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, 
the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the term of the option.
	 	The options granted for no consideration and will vest upon the completion of service condition as specified in 
scheme in graded manner. Vested options are exercisable for the period of five years after the vesting.
	 	The model inputs for options granted during the year ended included:
Tranches Expected - Average volatility Expected term (In years) Risk free rate Exercise price Grant date
I 44.07% 1 3.94% 10.0 23-Jul-21
II 25.14% - 34.03% 0.11 - 1.46 7.00% - 7.01% 10.0 26-Jul-21
III 25.14% - 34.03% 0.11 - 1.46 7.00% - 7.01% 10.0 13-Nov-21
IV 25.14% - 34.03% 0.11 - 1.46 7.00% - 7.01% 10.0 30-Nov-21
V 37.69% - 54.16% 1 - 4 6.41% - 7.19% 10.0 21-Jul-22
VI 37.31% - 53.59% 1 - 4 6.58% - 7.07% 10.0 12-Sep-22
VII 31.19% - 49.31% 1 - 4 6.98% - 7.14% 10.0 28-Jun-23
VIII 29.22% - 34.54% 1 - 4 6.75% - 6.86% 10.0 28-Nov-24
IX 29.41% - 33.95% 1 - 4 6.69% - 6.76% 10.0 27-Jan-25
X 30.39% - 32.56% 1 - 4 5.62% - 6.07% 10.0 08-Jul-25
XI* 30.50% - 32.50% 1 - 4 5.55% - 6.03% 1.0 25-Nov-25
*Above mentioned numbers are Post-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 
8 July, 2025.
The expected price volatility is based on the historic volatility (based on the remaining life of the options), adjusted for 
any expected changes to future volatility.
d)	 Expense arising from share-based payment transactions
	 	Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised in profit or loss as part of employee 
benefit expense are as follows:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Employee stock option scheme (equity settled) (Issued to employees of the company) 57.18 309.14
Total 57.18 309.14
179178 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 93]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Standalone Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 39 - Ratio Analysis
Particulars Numerator Denominator 31 
March 2026
31 
March 2025 % Variance Remarks 
a)		Current ratio (in 
times) 
Current Assets Current Liabilities 1.34 2.76 -51.42% The impact of increase in current 
liabilities is more as compared 
to increase in current assets 
in current year compared to 
previous year.
b)		Return on equity 
ratio 
Net Profit/ 
(loss) After Tax
Average 
shareholder 
equity
16.68% 7.09% 135.29% There is an increase in profit 
after tax (PAT) in current year as 
compared to previous year.
c)		Net capital turnover 
ratio (in times) 
Revenue from 
operations
Working Capital 14.10 2.36 498.32% Net capital turnover ratio 
increased significantly mainly 
on account of higher revenue 
from operations and improved 
utilisation of working capital.
d)		Net profit ratio Net Profit/ 
(loss) After Tax
Revenue from 
operations
20.64% 16.62% 24.18% Net profit ratio improved due to 
increase in operating profitability 
and better cost management.
e)		Return on capital 
employed 
Earnings 
before interest 
and tax
Capital employed 
= Net worth 
+ Long term 
borrowings
20.65% 9.32% 121.59% Return on capital employed 
increased mainly due to higher 
EBIT and efficient utilisation of 
capital employed.
f)	 	Trade Receivables 
Turnover Ratio 
(in times)
Net Credit 
Sales
Average 
Accounts 
Receivable
7.75 2.83 173.44% There is an increase in revenue 
from operations in current year 
compared to previous year.
g)		Trade Payables 
Turnover Ratio 
(in times)
Operating cost Average Trade 
Payable
12.74 8.39 51.79% There is an increase in operating 
costs in current year compared to 
previous year.
Note 40 - Segment reporting
The Company operates in a single business segment. There are no other separate reportable segments. Hence, 
no disclosures related to segments is required to be given under the Indian Accounting Standard 108 (Ind AS 108) 
“Segment Reporting”.
The company has identified customers that individually contributes 10% or more of its total revenue from external 
customers. During the year ended 31 st March 2026, revenue from three such customers amounted to ₹1,936.42 
million, ₹1,711.53 million and ₹1,570.49 million respectively. These revenues were reported under sourcing & 
servicing fees and other fees & charges.
Note 41 - Foreign exchange earnings/outflow
i)	 	The foreign exchange earnings is Nil for the year ended 31 March 2026 (Previous year : ₹Nil)
ii)	 	The foreign exchange outflow is ₹93.69 million for the year ended 31 March 2026 (Previous year : ₹76.67 million)
Note 42 - Others
i)	 	The Company did not have any transactions with companies struck off under Section 248 of the Companies Act, 
2013 or Section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 during the financial year.
ii)	 	The Company do not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
Company for holding any Benami property.
iii)	 	The Company has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any lender who has powers to declare a company as 
a wilful defaulter at any time during the financial year or after the end of reporting year but before the date when the 
financial statements are approved.
iv)	 	The Company do not have any cases where quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Company 
with banks or financial institutions are not in agreement with the books of accounts.
v)	 	The Company do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies 
beyond the statutory year.
vi)	 	The Company have not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
vii)	 	During the year no scheme of arrangement have been approved by competent authority.
viii)	 	The Company does not have transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search or 
survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
ix)	 	The Company have not advanced or loan or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
	 (a)	 	directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Company (Ultimate Beneficiaries), or
	 (b)	 	provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
x)	 	The Company have not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding 
Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall :
	 (a)	 	directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
	 (b)	 	provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
xi)	 	The Company has one subsidiary and complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 
2 of the Act read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017 .
xii)	 	The Company did not have any borrowings from banks/financial institutions and accordingly disclosure 
prescribed in amended Schedule III are not applicable.
xiii)	 	The Company does not have any immovable property.
xiv)	 	The Company has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible 
assets or both during the year.
Note 43 - Comparative figures
Previous year figures have been regrouped and reclassified, wherever considered necessary, to conform to the 
current year presentation, to the extent applicable.
Note 44 - Events after the reporting date
Subsequent to the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company completed its initial public offering (“IPO”) of 54,147 ,390 
equity shares of face value of ₹1 each at an issue price of ₹171 per share, comprising fresh issue of 49,707 ,602 equity 
shares and offer for sale of 44,39,788 equity shares. Pursuant to the IPO, the equity shares were listed on National 
Stock Exchange of lndia Limited and BSE Limited on May 08, 2026. Pursuant to the said allotment, the paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company has increased from ₹118.78 million to ₹168.48 million comprising 16,84,83,022 fully 
paid-up equity shares of ₹1 each on May 8, 2026.
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
181180 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 94]
Independent Auditor’s Report
To
The Members of OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (Formerly Known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private 
Limited)
Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Opinion
1.	 	We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of OnEMI Technology Solutions 
Limited (Formerly “OnEMI Technology Solutions  Private Limited) (the Holding Company’ or ‘the Parent’ or ‘the 
Company’), and its subsidiary (the ‘Holding Company and its subsidiary together referred to as the ‘Group’), 
which comprise the Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31st March, 2026, and the Consolidated Statement of Profit 
and Loss (including Other Comprehensive Income), the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and the 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended on that date, and notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, including a summary of material accounting policy information and other explanatory information 
(hereinafter referred to as the ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’).
2.	 	In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us and based on the 
consideration of reports of other auditors on separate financial statements of such subsidiaries, as were audited 
by the other auditors, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements give the information required by the 
Companies Act, 2013, as amended (the ‘Act’) in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity 
with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended (’Ind AS’) and other accounting principles generally accepted 
in India, of the consolidated state of affairs of the Group as at 31 st March, 2026, and its consolidated profits and 
other comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows for the year ended 
on that date.
Basis for Opinion
3.	 	We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on Auditing (‘SAs’) specified under section 143(10) 
of the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for 
the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in 
accordance with the Code of Ethics issued by Institute of Chartered Accountant of India (‘ICAI’) together with the 
ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements under the provisions 
of the Act, and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with 
these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained along with 
the consideration of audit reports of the other auditors referred to in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph below are 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Key Audit Matters
4.	 	Key Audit Matters (‘KAM’) are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our 
audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current audit year. These matters were addressed in the 
context of our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and 
we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matters described below to be 
the KAM to be communicated in our report.
5.	 	We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the ‘Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements’ section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included 
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed 
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
Key audit matters How KAM was addressed in our audit
1.  Impairment of financial instruments (expected credit losses) (as described in Note No. 26 of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements):
Ind AS 109- ‘Financial Instruments’ requires the Company to 
provide for impairment of its financial assets as at the reporting 
date using the expected credit loss (ECL) approach. ECL involves 
an estimation of probable weighted loss on financial instruments 
over their life, considering reasonable and supportable 
information about past events, current conditions and forecast of 
future economic conditions which would impact the credit quality 
of Company’s financial assets (loan portfolio).
In the process, a significant degree of judgement has been 
applied by management for:
a.	 	Staging of financial assets (i.e. classification in ‘significant 
increase in credit risk’ (SICR) and ‘default’ categories)
b.	 	Grouping of loan portfolio under homogeneous pools to 
determine probability of default on a collective basis.
c.	 	Estimation of management overlay for macro-economic 
factors to calibrate the risk that are not fully captured by 
existing ECL model.
In view of such high degree of management judgements involved 
in estimation of ECL, it is considered as a key audit matter.
The audit procedures included but were not limited to the 
followings:
a.	 	Read and assessed the Company’s accounting policy for 
impairment of financial assets and its compliance with Ind AS 
109 and the governance framework approved by the Board 
of Directors pursuant to Reserve Bank of India guidelines.
b.	 	Tested the design and operating effectiveness of the controls 
for staging of loans based on their past-due status. Tested 
samples of performing (stage 1) loans to assess whether any 
loss indicators were present requiring them to be classified 
under stage 2 or 3.
c.	 	We performed procedures to test the inputs used in the ECL 
computation, on a sample basis.
d.	 	Assessing the appropriateness of macro-economic factors 
for determining management overlay.
e.	 	Tested the arithmetical accuracy of computation of ECL 
provision performed by the Company.
f.	 	Assessed disclosures included in the Financial Statements in 
respect of expected credit losses.
2. Information technology (IT) systems and controls:
The reliability and security of IT systems plays a pivotal role 
in business operations, financial accounting and reporting 
process of the Company. Since large volume of transactions are 
processed daily through IT system, the IT controls are required 
to ensure that applications process the data as expected and 
the changes are made in appropriate manner. Any gaps in IT 
control environment could result in a material misstatement of the 
financial accounting and reporting records.
Therefore, due to persuasive nature and complexity of the IT 
environment, the assessment of general IT controls and the 
application controls specific to the accounting and preparations 
of financial information is considered to be as a key audit matter.
We performed the following procedures for testing IT systems 
and controls and for assessing the reliability of electronic data 
processing, assisted by our IT specialists:
a.	 	The aspects covered in the IT systems and controls audit 
were (i) User Access Management (ii) Change Management 
(iii) Other related IT controls.
b.	 	Assessed the changes that were made to the key systems 
during the audit period and assessing changes that have 
impact on financial reporting.
c.	 	Performed tests of controls (including other compensatory 
controls wherever applicable) on the IT controls.
d.	 	Tested the design and operating effectiveness of 
compensating controls, where deficiencies were identified 
and, where necessary, extended the scope of our 
substantive audit procedures.
Other Information
6.	 	The Holding Company’s management and the Board of Directors are responsible for preparation of the other 
information. The other information comprises the information included in the Company’s Annual Report, but does 
not include the Standalone Financial Statements and, Consolidated Financial Statements and our auditor’s report 
thereon. Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do 
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
7 .		In connection with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information 
identified above which becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially 
inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in audit or otherwise appears to 
be materially misstated. If based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement 
of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
	 	When we read the Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, we are required to 
communicate the matter to those charged with governance and take appropriate action as applicable under the 
relevant laws and regulations.
183182 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 95]
 Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated Financial 
Statements
8.	 	The Holding Company’s Management and Board of Directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation 
of these Consolidated Financial Statements, that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, 
consolidated financial performance including other comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and 
consolidated Cash Flows of the Group in conformity with the Indian Accounting Standards prescribed under 
section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended and other 
accounting principles generally accepted in India. The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in 
the Group are responsible for maintenance of adequate accounting records in accordance with the provisions of 
the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Group and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; 
selection of the appropriate accounting software for ensuring compliance with applicable laws and regulations 
including those related to retention of audit logs; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; 
making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and design, implementation and maintenance 
of adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for ensuring the accuracy and completeness 
of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, which have 
been used for the purpose of preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements by the Directors of the Holding 
Company, as aforesaid.
9.	 	In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the respective Board of Directors of the companies included 
in the Group are responsible for assessing the ability of each company to continue as a going concern, disclosing, 
as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the 
Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but 
to do so.
10.	 	The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the 
financial reporting process of the Group.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
11.	 	Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Consolidated Financial Statements as a whole 
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes 
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted 
in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from 
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected 
to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
	 	As part of an audit in accordance with SAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional 
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether 
due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit 
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a 
material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve 
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances. Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing our 
opinion on whether the Holding Company has adequate internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated 
Financial Statements in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates 
and related disclosures made by the Management and the Board of Directors.
• Conclude on the appropriateness of the management and Board of Director’s use of the going concern basis 
of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to 
events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group to continue as a going concern. 
If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to 
Independent Auditor’s Report
the related disclosures in the Consolidated Financial Statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to 
modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s 
report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the Consolidated Financial Statements, including 
the disclosures, and whether the Consolidated Financial Statements represent the underlying transactions 
and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business 
activities within the Group to express an opinion on the Consolidated Financial statements. We are 
responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audit of the Financial Statements of such 
entities included in the Consolidated Financial Statements of which we are the independent auditors. For the 
other entities included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been audited by other auditors, 
such other auditors remain responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the audits carried 
out by them. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
	 	Materiality is the magnitude of misstatements in the Consolidated Financial Statements that, individually or in 
aggregate, makes it probable that the economic decisions of reasonably knowledgeable user of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements may be influenced. We consider quantitative materiality and qualitative factors in (i) planning 
scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work; and (ii) to evaluate the effect of any identified 
misstatements in the Consolidated Financial Statements.
	 	We communicate with those charged with governance of the Holding Company and such other entities included 
in the Consolidated Financial Statements of which we are the independent auditors regarding, among other 
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant 
deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
	 	We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical 
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that 
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
	 	From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of 
most significance in the audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the current year and are therefore the 
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public 
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be 
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to 
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
Other Matters
12.	 	The Consolidated Financial Statement include the financial statements of a subsidiary whose financial 
statements/ financial information include total assets of ₹37 ,300.10 million as at 31 st March, 2026, total 
revenues of ₹15,413.26 million (before consolidation adjustment), total net profit after tax of ₹1,482.37 million 
(before consolidation adjustment) and total comprehensive income of ₹1,480.00 million (before consolidation 
adjustment), and net cash inflow amounting to ₹639.70 million (before consolidation adjustment) for the year 
ended March 31, 2026, as considered in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The financial statements of 
aforesaid subsidiary is audited by its auditor. The independent auditors’ report on financial statements / financial 
information of the aforesaid subsidiary have been furnished to us by the Holding Company’s Management and 
our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements, in so far as it relates to the amounts and disclosures 
included in respect of aforesaid subsidiary, and our report in terms of sections 143(3) of the Act, in so far as 
it relates to the aforesaid subsidiary is based solely on the reports of the other auditors. Our opinion on the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, and our report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements, is not modified 
in respect of the above matters with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditor.
185184 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 96]
Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements
13.	 	As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and on consideration of the reports of the other 
auditor on separate financial statements of such subsidiary, as were audited by other auditor, as noted in the 
‘Other Matters’ paragraph, we report, to the extent applicable, that:
	 i.	 	We have sought and obtained all the information and explanations which to the best of our knowledge and 
belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements.
	 ii.	 	In our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid 
Consolidated Financial Statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books 
and the reports of the other auditor.
	 iii.	 	The Consolidated Balance Sheet, the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss (including other 
comprehensive income), the Consolidated Statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement 
of cash flow dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the 
purpose of preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
	 iv.	 	In our opinion, the aforesaid Consolidated Financial Statements comply with the Ind AS specified under 
Section 133 of the Act read with the relevant rules thereunder.
	 v.	 	On the basis of the written representations received from the directors of the Company a taken on record 
by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditors of the subsidiary 
company, none of the directors of the Group companies are disqualified as on 31 st March, 2026 from being 
appointed as a director in terms of Section 164(2) of the Act.
	 vi.	 	With respect to the adequacy of internal financial controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements of the Group, and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate report in 
‘Annexure A’ which based on auditor’s report on the Holding Company and its subsidiary company.
	 vii.	 	In our opinion and according to the information and explanations given to us, the remuneration paid during 
the current year by the Holding Company to its directors is in accordance with the provisions of Section 197 
of the Act. The remuneration paid to any director by the Holding Company, is not in excess of the limit laid 
down under Section 197 of the Act.
14.	 	With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor’s Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the 
Companies (Audit and Auditor’s) Rules, 2014, as amended, in our opinion and to the best of our information and 
according to the explanations given to us and based on the consideration of audit reports of the other auditors on 
separate financial statements of subsidiary as noted in the ‘Other Matters’ paragraph:
	 i.	 	The Consolidated Financial Statements disclose the impact of pending litigations as at 31 st March, 2026 on 
the consolidated financial position of the Group – Refer Note no. 36 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
	 ii.	 	The Company and its subsidiary included in the consolidation did not have any material foreseeable losses 
in long-term contracts including derivative contracts as at 31 st March, 2026.
	 iii.	 	There are no amounts, as on 31 st March, 2026, which is required to be transferred by the Company to the 
Investors Education and Protection Fund.
	 iv.	 a)	 	The respective Managements of the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies whose financial 
statements have been audited under the Act have represented to us and the other auditor of such 
subsidiary respectively that, to the best of their knowledge and belief as disclosed in Note no. 42 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, that no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested 
(either from borrowed funds or share premium or any other sources or kind of funds) by the Holding 
Company or any of such subsidiaries to or in any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (‘Intermediaries’),with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the 
Intermediary shall, whether, directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in 
any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Holding Company or any of such subsidiaries (‘Ultimate 
Beneficiaries’) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
Independent Auditor’s Report
	 	 b)	 	The respective Managements of the Holding Company and its subsidiary which are companies 
incorporated in India, whose Consolidated financial statements have been audited under the Act have 
represented to us and the other auditors of such subsidiaries, to best of their knowledge and belief as 
disclosed in Note no. 42 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, that no funds have been received 
by the Holding Company or any of such subsidiaries from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (‘Funding Parties’), with the understanding, whether recorded in writing or otherwise, that the 
Holding Company or any of such subsidiaries shall, whether, directly or indirectly, lend or invest in other 
persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (‘Ultimate 
Beneficiaries’) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
	 	 c)	 	Based on such audit procedures, that have been considered reasonable and appropriate in the 
circumstances, performed by us and those performed by the auditor of subsidiary, whose financial 
statements have been audited under the Act, nothing has come to our or other auditor’s notice that has 
caused us or other auditor to believe that the representation under sub-clause (i) and (ii) of Rule 11(e), 
as provided under (a) and (b) above, contain any material misstatement.
	 v.	 	No dividend has been declared or paid during the year by the Company.
	 vi.	 	Based on our examination and audit report issued by us and by the auditor of subsidiary, which included test 
checks, we note that the Company has used an accounting software for maintaining its books of account 
that is equipped with an audit trail (edit log) feature. We further observed that the audit trail functionality was 
operational throughout the year for all relevant transactions recorded in the system.
	 	 	Based on our audit procedures and representations received from the management, we did not come across 
any instance suggesting tampering of the audit trail feature during the period under review.
	 	 	Additionally, it has been observed that the Company has preserved the audit trail records in accordance with 
the statutory requirements prescribed for record retention.
	 vii.	 	According to information and explanations provided to us and based on the CARO report issued by us and by 
the auditor of subsidiary included in the Consolidated Financial Statements to which reporting under CARO 
is applicable, we report that there were no qualifications or adverse remarks by the respective auditors 
in their reports issue under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2020 included in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 101872W/W100045
Amrish Thakker
Partner
M. No. 123069
UDIN: 26123069MOMKFF6840
Date: May 27 , 2026
Place: Mumbai
187186 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 97]
Report on the Internal Financial Controls with reference to the aforesaid Consolidated Financial 
Statements under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 (the ‘Act’)
1.	 	In conjunction with our audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements of the OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
(Formerly “OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited) (hereinafter referred to as “the Holding Company”/ 
“Company”) (the Holding Company and its subsidiary together referred to as “the Group”) which are companies 
incorporated in India as of and for the year ended 31 st March, 2026, we have audited the internal financial 
controls reference to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiary company, for 
the year ended companies, as of that date.
Opinion
2.	 	In our opinion, and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Group, have, in 
all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements 
and such internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements were operating 
effectively as at 31 st March, 2026, based on the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated 
Financial Statements criteria established by the respective companies considering the essential components 
of internal control stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting 
issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (“the ICAI”).
Management’s responsibility for Internal Financial Controls
3.	 	The respective Management and the Board of Directors of the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies, 
which are companies incorporated in India, are responsible for establishing and maintaining internal financial 
controls based on the internal control with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements criteria established by 
the respective companies considering the essential components of internal control stated in the Guidance Note 
on Audit of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants 
of India (‘ICAI’). These responsibilities include the design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal 
financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, 
including adherence to the respective company’s policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and 
detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely 
preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.
Auditor’s responsibility
4.	 	Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Holding Company and its subsidiary companies which are companies incorporated 
in India, based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal 
Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the “Guidance Note”) issued by the ICAI and the Standards on 
Auditing prescribed under section 143(10) of the Act, to the extent applicable to an audit of internal financial 
controls. Those Standards and the Guidance Note require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan 
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether adequate internal financial controls with 
reference to Consolidated Financial Statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated 
effectively in all material respects.
5.	 	Our audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the adequacy of the internal 
financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements and their operating effectiveness. Our 
audit of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements included obtaining an 
understanding of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the 
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the Consolidated Financial Statements, whether due to fraud 
or error.
Annexure ‘A’ to the Independent Auditors’ Report 
on the Consolidated Financial Statements of OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited for the year ended 31st March, 2026
(Referred to in paragraph 1(f) under ‘Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements’ section of our report of 
even date to the members of OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited on the Consolidated Financial Statements for the 
year ended 31st March, 2026)
6.	 	We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in 
terms of their reports referred to in the Other Matter paragraph below, is sufficient and appropriate to provide a 
basis for our audit opinion on the internal financial controls with reference to consolidated financial statements 
of the Group.
Meaning of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements
7 .		A company’s internal financial control with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements is a process 
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles. A company’s internal financial control with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements includes 
those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately 
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance 
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company 
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) 
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Inherent Limitations of Internal Financial Controls with reference to the Consolidated Financial Statements
8.	 	Because of the inherent limitations of internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial 
Statements, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material 
misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the 
internal financial controls with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements to future periods are subject 
to the risk that the internal financial control with reference to Consolidated Financial Statements may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures 
may deteriorate.
Other Matter
9.	 	Our reports on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls with reference to 
Consolidated Financial Statement in so far as it relates to the subsidiary based on the report of the auditor of 
respective subsidiary.
	 Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP
Chartered Accountants
FRN: 101872W/W100045
Amrish Thakker
Partner
M. No. 123069
UDIN: 26123069MOMKFF6840
Date: May 27 , 2026
Place: Mumbai
189188 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 98]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet
as at March 31, 2026
Particulars Note  As at 
31 March 2026 
 As at 
31 March 2025 
ASSETS 
Non current assets 
Property, plant and equipment  4(a) 73.61 62.56
Right of use assets  5(a) 304.82 454.23
Other Intangible assets  4(a) 51.68 13.16
Intangible assets under development  4(b) 62.96 47.79
Financial Assets 
	 Loans 10 5,507.31 2,808.02
	 Other financial assets 11 984.79 884.82
Deferred tax assets (net) 14 1,461.29 1,127.30
Other non current assets 13 188.03 -
Total non current assets 8,634.49 5,397.88
Current assets 
Financial Assets 
	 Investments 6 80.45 -
	 Trade receivables 7 1,042.97 700.77
	 Cash and cash equivalents 8 2,094.56 1,327.23
	 Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents above 9 317.54 117.70
	 Loans 10 26,386.15 18,769.42
	 Other financial assets 11 1,119.89 581.78
Other Current assets 13 209.67 116.26
Total current assets 31,251.23 21,613.16
TOTAL ASSETS 39,885.72 27,011.04
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
EQUITY 
a)	 	Share capital  15 (a) 118.78 53.63
b)	 Instruments entirely equity in nature  15 (b) - 53.16
c)	 Other equity 16 13,309.06 9,953.15
Total equity 13,427.84 10,059.94
LIABILITIES 
Non-current liabilities 
Financial liabilities 
	 Debt securities 18 5,010.48 2,016.63
	 Borrowings (other than debt securities) 19 1,275.24 676.46
	 Lease liabilities 5(b) 181.30 325.91
	 Other financial liabilities 20 - 0.05
Provisions 21 114.30 78.83
Total non current liabilities 6,581.32 3,097.88
Current liabilities 
Financial liabilities 
	 Debt securities 18 8,027.85 3,117.52
	 Borrowings (other than debt securities) 19 9,647.45 9,265.20
	 Lease liabilities 5(b) 148.96 161.81
	 Trade payables 17
	 (i)	 Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises 464.24 78.68
	 (ii)	 	Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small 
enterprises 
584.18 443.30
	 Other financial liabilities 20 716.07 497.86
Other current liabilities 22 207.40 192.08
Provisions 21 23.66 16.02
Current tax liabilities (net) 12 56.75 80.75
Total current liabilities 19,876.56 13,853.22
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 39,885.72 27,011.04
Summary of material accounting policies 2-3
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statement 4-48
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
Consolidated Statement of Profit & Loss
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars Note  Year ended 
31 March 2026 
 Year ended 
31 March 2025 
Income
Revenue from operations 23 21,792.46 13,374.65
Other income 24 298.83 152.23
Total Income 22,091.29 13,526.88
Expenses  
Employee benefits expenses 25 2,524.61 1,932.36
Impairment on financial instruments 26 4,588.36 3,268.34
Finance costs 27 2,822.51 1,644.02
Depreciation and amortization 28 216.17 227.02
Other expenses 29 8,172.80 4,292.50
Total expenses 18,324.45 11,364.24
Profit before tax 3,766.84 2,162.64
Tax expense: 30
(1)	 	Current tax 1,284.10 379.37
(2)	 	(Excess)/Short Provision of tax for earlier years 1.07 17.92
(3)	 	Deferred tax (332.85) 159.14
Total tax expense 952.32 556.43
Profit after tax for the year 2,814.52 1,606.21
Other comprehensive income (OCI)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
	 (i)	 	Re-measurement of defined benefit plan (4.52) (12.30)
	 (ii)	 Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 1.14 3.10
Total other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period (3.38) (9.20)
Total comprehensive income for the year 2,811.14 1,597.01
Earnings per Equity share (face value of ₹1/- per equity share) 31
Basic (₹) 46.80 33.09
Diluted (₹) 21.39 12.79
Summary of material accounting policies 2-3
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statement 4-48
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
191190 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 99]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
 Year ended 
31 March 2025 
Cash flow from operating activities :
Profit before tax: 3,766.84 2,162.64
Adjustments :
Depreciation and amortisation 216.17 227.02
Employee stock option expenses 293.35 377.18
Share based payment stock option 40.01 11.62
Provision for gratuity 21.73 17.84
Provision for leave encashment 21.37 13.99
Impairment allowances on trade receivables (net) (4.07) 8.18
Impairment of Financial Instruments 500.95 (1,111.48)
Provision on off balance sheet exposure 169.67 8.99
Financials assets written off 4,087.41 4,379.82
Finance cost 2,822.51 1,644.02
Interest Income on Loans (12,718.49) (9,941.96)
Interest income on EIS assets (7.09) (1.10)
Gain on modification/termination of lease (15.82) (10.68)
Net gain on derecognition of financial instruments under amortised cost category (89.70) (20.30)
Interest on unwinding of security deposits (9.24) (7.96)
(Profit)/loss on sale of assets (net) 0.04 (1.36)
Net gain on fair value changes (0.18) -
Interest Income on Investment (10.55) -
Interest income on bank deposits (170.12) (111.28)
Operating profit before working capital changes (1,085.21) (2,354.82)
Working capital adjustments:
(Increase)/decrease in trade receivables (338.13) 915.42
(Increase) /decrease in other financial assets (34.18) (70.05)
(Increase) /decrease in other non current/current assets (241.41) (52.76)
(Increase) / decrease in loans & advances (15,621.28) (14,751.06)
Increase/(decrease) in trade payables 526.43 203.60
Increase / (decrease) in other financial liabilities 48.55 (228.96)
Increase / (decrease) in provisions (4.52) (12.31)
Increase/(decrease) in other current liabilities 15.32 (140.01)
Cash generated/(used in) from operations (16,734.43) (16,490.95)
Add: Interest income received 13,435.39 10,320.87
Less : Income taxes paid (net of refunds) (1,309.17) (444.18)
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities (A) (4,608.21) (6,614.26)
Cash flow from investing activities :
Purchase/sale of Property, Plant & Equipment & Intangible Assets (102.37) (77.46)
Purchase / sale of investments (net) (80.27) -
Interest income on Investment 10.55
Bank deposits with original maturity of more than 12 months (502.22) (579.83)
Bank deposit with original maturity of more than 3 months but less than 12 months (199.84) 213.73
Interest income on bank deposits 170.12 111.28
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from investing activities (B) (704.03) (332.28)
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
 Year ended 
31 March 2025 
Cash flow from financing activities :
Proceeds from issue of equity and preference shares (including securities premium) 183.32 0.05
Proceeds from debt securities (net) 7,905.08 1,980.46
Proceeds from borrowings (other than debt securities) (net) 989.50 5,376.07
Finance cost (2,776.78) (1,710.35)
Payment of lease liability (221.55) (222.83)
Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities (C) 6,079.57 5,423.40
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and bank balances (A+B+C) 767.33 (1,523.14)
Add : Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 1,327.23 2,850.37
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 2,094.56 1,327.23
Cash and cash equivalents as per above comprise of the following
Cash on hand* - 0.00
Balance with banks:
-	 In current accounts 1,266.94 977.15
-	 In bank deposits (with original maturity of less than 3 months) 827.62 350.08
Balance as per consolidated statement of cash flows 2,094.56 1,327.23
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
Restated Statement of cash flows has been prepared under the indirect method as set out in the Ind AS 7 ”Statement of Cash Flows” 
as specified in the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended.
Summary of material accounting policies 2-3
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statement 4-48
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
193192 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 100]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the year ended March 31, 2026
A. Share capital
Particulars  As at 31 March 2026  As at 31 March 2025 
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Equity shares outstanding at the beginning of the year 53,630,870* 53.63 47,80,175 47.80
Add: Changes in equity shares due to prior period errors - - - -
Restated balance at the beginning of the year 5,36,30,870 53.63 47,80,175 47.80
Add : Issued against ESOP 1,23,670 0.12 - -
Add: Shares issued during the year 4,50,210 0.45 5,82,912 5.83
Add: Conversion of Preference shares into Equity shares 6,45,70,670 64.58 - -
Total Equity shares at the end of the year 11,87,75,420 118.78 53,63,087 53.63
*Above mentioned numbers are Post-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 
8 July, 2025.
B. Instruments entirely equity in nature
Particulars  As at 31 March 2026  As at 31 March 2025 
No. of shares Amount No. of shares Amount
Preference shares outstanding at the beginning of the year  54,94,603  53.16  54,29,312  52.93 
Add: Changes in compulsory convertible preference 
shares due to prior period errors
 -  -  -  - 
Restated balance at the beginning of the year  54,94,603  53.16  54,29,312  52.93 
Add: Shares issued during the year  -  -  65,295  0.23 
Add: Outstanding shares converted into fully paid up  -  12.89  -  - 
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year  (54,94,603)  (66.05)  (4)  (0.00)* 
Total Preference shares at the end of the year  -  -  54,94,603  53.16 
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
B. Other equity
Particulars
 Securities 
premium 
account 
 Share 
based 
Payment 
Reserve 
 Capital 
Redemption 
Reserve 
 Retained 
earnings 
 Special 
Reserve 
under 
section 45 
IC of RBI 
Act, 1934 
 Capital 
reserve  Total 
As at 31 March 2024 5,170.50 1,055.64 0.06 1,370.97 339.02 8.77 7,944.96
Profit for the year - - - 1,606.21 - - 1,606.21
Other comprehensive income - - - (9.20) - - (9.20)
Transfer to statutory reserve - - - (256.77) 256.77 - -
Transfer from/to share based payment reserve - (2.26) - 2.26 - - -
Additions / Transfer 34.00 377.18 - - - - 411.18
As at 31 March 2025 5,204.50 1,430.56 0.06 2,713.47 595.79 8.77 9,953.15
Profit for the year - - - 2,814.52 - - 2,814.52
Other comprehensive income - - - (3.38) - - (3.38)
Transfer to statutory reserve - - - (296.47) 296.47 - -
Options exercised during the year (21.53) - - (21.53)
Transfer from/to share based payment reserve - (2.08) - 2.08 - - -
Additions / Transfer 272.95 293.35 - - - - 566.30
As at 31 March 2026 5,477.45 1,700.30 0.06 5,230.22 892.26 8.77 13,309.06
Summary of material accounting policies 2-3
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements 4-48
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
1. Corporate Information
	 	OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (Formerly 
known as OnEMI Technology Solution Private 
Limited) (“OnEMI” and the “Company”), is a public 
limited Company incorporated in India on 18 June 
2016 under the provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013 having Corporate Identification Number 
(CIN) U72900MH2016PLC282573. The registered 
office of the Group is 10 th Floor, Tower 4, Equinox 
Park, LBS Marg, Kurla West, Mumbai 400070, 
Maharashtra, India. The Company is listed on 
National Stock Exchange (NSE) of India and 
Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on 8 th May, 2026.
	 	The Company and its Subsidiary (together known 
as ‘the Group’) is, inter alia, engaged in the business 
of (i) providing financial technology solutions to 
enable use of instant EMI / instalment solutions 
to consumers, and in providing the technology 
platform to enable the above, (ii) providing 
customer acquisition services and loan origination 
services to financiers/lending partners. The Group 
is also engaged in the business of providing 
personal loans by using digital lending applications 
viz; ‘Kissht’ and ‘Pay with Ring’ which are owned 
by the Group and lending activities in the form of 
providing Loan Against Property.
2. Basis of Preparation
	 	The consolidated financial statements relate to 
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited (the “Company 
and its subsidiary (together hereinafter referred 
to as “the Group”). The consolidated financial 
statements of the Group have been prepared in 
accordance with Indian Accounting Standards 
(Ind AS), as per the Companies (Indian Accounting 
Standards as notified under the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended 
from time to time) under the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, notified under the 
and other relevant provisions of the Companies Act, 
2013. The consolidated financial statements have 
been prepared on a going concern basis under 
the historical cost convention, as modified by the 
application of fair value measurements required 
or allowed by relevant Accounting Standards, 
except for the assets and liabilities acquired under 
business combination are measured at fair value.
	 	The accounting policies have been consistently 
applied by the Group as in the previous period 
unless otherwise stated under the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013. All assets and liabilities have 
been classified as current or non-current as per the 
Group’s normal operating cycle and other criteria 
set out in Schedule III to the Act. Based on the 
nature of its operations, the Group has determined 
its operating cycle to be up to twelve months for 
the purpose of classifying assets and liabilities as 
current or non-current.
	 	The preparation of consolidated financial 
statements requires the use of certain critical 
accounting estimates and assumptions that 
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, 
revenues and expenses and the disclosed amount 
of contingent liabilities.
2.1 Statement of compliance
	 	The Balance Sheet, the Statement of Profit and 
Loss and the Statement of Changes in Equity are 
prepared and presented in the format prescribed in 
Division II of Schedule III to the Act. The Statement 
of Cash Flows has been prepared and presented 
as per the requirements of IND AS 7 “Statement 
of Cash Flows”. The Group presents its Balance 
Sheet in order of liquidity. A statement regarding 
maturity within 12 months after the reporting date 
and more than 12 months after the reporting date is 
presented in Notes to Financial Statement.
2.2 Basis of Consolidation
(i)	 	The financial statements of the subsidiary company 
used in the consolidation are drawn up to the same 
reporting date as of the Company i.e. year ended 
March 31, 2026 and are prepared based on the 
accounting policies consistent with those used by 
the Group.
(ii)	 	The financial statements of the Group have been 
prepared in accordance with the Ind AS 110 - 
‘Consolidated Financial Statements’ as per the 
Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 
2015 as amended by the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standards) Rules, 2016, notified under 
Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 (“the 
Act”) and the other relevant provisions of the Act.
(iii)	 	The consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared on the following basis:
	 a)	 	The financial statements of the Company and 
its subsidiary has been combined on a line-
by-line basis by adding together like items 
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. 
The intra-group balances and intra-group 
transactions have been fully eliminated.
	 b)	 	The policies of the subsidiary company are 
consistent with those of the Group.
195194 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 101]
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(iv)	 	The subsidiary company considered in the consolidated financial statements are as below:
Name Relationship Date of 
Incorporation
Country of 
incorporation
Share of ownership 
interest as at 
March 31, 2026
Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited Subsidiary 08/07/2015 India 100%
2.3 Functional and presentation currency
	 	The consolidated financial statements are 
presented in Indian Rupee (INR), which is also the 
functional currency of the Group, in denomination 
of million with rounding off to two decimals as 
permitted by Schedule III to the Act except where 
otherwise indicated.
2.4 Presentation of financial statements
	 	The consolidated financial statements of the Group 
are presented as per Schedule III (Division II) of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as notified by the Ministry 
of Corporate Affairs (MCA). Financial assets and 
financial liabilities are generally reported on a gross 
basis except when, there is an unconditional legally 
enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts 
without being contingent on a future event and 
the parties intend to settle on a net basis in the 
following circumstances:
	 i.	 The normal course of business
	 ii.	 The event of default
	 iii.	 	The event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the 
Group and/or its counterparties.
2.5 Foreign Currency Translation:
A) Initial recognition:
	 	Transactions in foreign currencies are recognized 
at prevailing exchange rates between reporting 
currency and foreign currency on transaction date.
B) Conversion:
	 	Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into 
the functional currency using the exchange rates 
at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange 
gains and losses resulting from the settlement 
of such transactions and from the translation of 
monetary assets and liabilities denominated in 
foreign currencies at period end exchange rates 
are generally recognized in Statement of profit 
and loss.
2.6 Historical cost convention
	 	The consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared under the historical cost convention 
on the accrual basis except for certain financial 
instruments and plan assets of defined benefit 
plans, which are measured at fair values at the 
end of each reporting period as explained in the 
accounting policies below.
2.7 Revenue Recognition
(i) Interest income
	 	Interest income is recognized by applying the 
Effective Interest Rate (EIR) to the gross carrying 
amount of financial assets measured at amortized 
cost other than credit-impaired assets and financial 
assets classified as measured at FVTPL.
	 The EIR in case of a financial asset is computed
	 a.	 	As the rate that exactly discounts estimated 
future cash receipts through the expected 
life of the financial asset to the gross carrying 
amount of a financial asset.
	 b.	 	By considering all the contractual terms of 
the financial instrument in estimating the 
cash flows.
	 c.	 	Including all fees received between parties 
to the contract that are an integral part of the 
effective interest rate, transaction costs, and 
all other premiums or discounts.
	 	Any subsequent changes in the estimation of the 
future cash flows is recognized in interest income 
with the corresponding adjustment to the carrying 
amount of the assets. Interest income on credit 
impaired assets is recognized by applying the 
effective interest rate to the net amortised cost (net 
of ECL provision) of the financial asset. Interest 
on delayed payments by customers are treated to 
accrue only on realisation, due to uncertainty of 
realisation and are accounted accordingly.
(ii) Fees and Commission income:
	 	Fees and commission income are recognised when 
the Group satisfies the performance obligation, 
at the amount of transaction price (net of variable 
consideration) allocated to that performance 
obligation based on a five-step model as set out in 
IND AS 115. Revenue from all services is recognized 
at a point in time when the related services are 
rendered as per the terms of the agreement.
(iii) Marketing Income:
	 	Marketing Income is recognized when the Group 
satisfies the performance obligation, at the amount 
of transaction price (net of variable consideration) 
allocated to that performance obligation based on a 
five-step model as set out above.
(iv) Net gain/loss on fair value changes:
	 	Any differences between the fair values of financial 
assets classified as fair value through the profit 
or loss, held by the Group on the balance sheet 
date is recognised as an unrealised gain/loss. 
In cases there is a net gain in the aggregate, the 
same is recognised in ‘Net gains on fair value 
changes’ under other income and if there is a net 
loss the same is disclosed under ‘Expenses’ in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
	 	Similarly, any realised gain or loss on sale of 
financial instruments measured at FVTPL and 
debt or equity instruments measured at FVOCI is 
recognised in net gain / loss on fair value changes. 
As at the reporting date, the Group does not have 
any debt instruments measured at FVOCI.
(v) Insurance commission and rewards
	 	Insurance commission and rewards – includes 
commission and rewards earned for solicitation 
of insurance products/policies based on the leads 
generated from its designated website using 
telemarketing modes and through offline activities. 
Revenue is recognized when the right to receive 
the income is established as per the terms of 
the contract.
(vi) Brand and trade mark license fees
	 	The Group earns license fee income from permitting 
the use of its brand and trademarks by its subsidiary 
under a licensing agreement. Revenue from such 
license arrangements is recognized in accordance 
with Ind AS 115 – Revenue from contracts with 
customers. The license fee income is recognized 
over time, on a monthly basis, as the performance 
obligation is satisfied.
(vii) Other operational revenue:
	 	Other operational revenue represents income earned 
from the activities incidental to the business and is 
recognised when the right to receive the income is 
established as per the terms of the contract.
(viii) Income on derecognised loans:
	 	The group on derecognition of financial assets 
under the direct assignment transactions, 
recognises the right of excess interest spread 
(EIS) which is difference between interest on the 
loan portfolio assigned and the applicable rate at 
which the direct assignment is entered into with the 
assignee. The group records the discounted value 
of scheduled cash flow of the future EIS, entered 
into with the assignee, upfront in the statement of 
profit and loss under other income.
(ix) Recoveries of financial assets written off:
	 	The Group recognises income on recoveries of 
financial assets written off on realisation basis.
2.8 Income Taxes:
	 	The income tax expense or credit for the period is 
the tax payable on the taxable income of the current 
period based on the applicable income tax rates 
adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and 
liabilities attributable to temporary differences and 
unused tax losses.
(i)  Current Tax
	 	Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and 
prior periods are measured at the amount expected 
to be recovered from, or paid to, the taxation 
authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to 
compute the amount are those that are enacted, or 
substantively enacted, by the reporting date where 
the Group operates and generates taxable income.
	 	Current income tax relating to items recognised 
outside the Statement of Profit and Loss is 
recognised outside the Statement of Profit and Loss 
(either in other comprehensive income or in equity). 
Management periodically evaluates positions taken 
in the tax returns with respect to situations in which 
applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation 
and establishes provisions where appropriate.
(ii) Deferred Tax
	 	Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised 
for temporary differences arising between the tax 
bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying 
amounts. Deferred income tax is determined using 
tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the reporting date and 
are expected to apply when the related deferred 
income tax asset is realised, or the deferred income 
tax liability is settled.
	 	Deferred tax assets are only recognised for 
temporary differences, unused tax losses and 
unused tax credits if it is probable that future 
taxable amounts will arise to utilize those temporary 
differences and losses. Deferred tax assets are 
197196 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 102]
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced 
to the extent that it is no longer probable that the 
related tax benefit will be realised.
	 	Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where 
there is a legally enforceable right to offset current 
tax assets and liabilities and they relate to income 
taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same 
taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they 
intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets 
on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities are 
realised simultaneously.
2.9 Leases
	 	The determination of whether an arrangement is a 
lease, or contains a lease, is based on the substance 
of the arrangement and requires an assessment of 
whether the fulfillment of the arrangement is dependent 
on the use of a specific asset or assets or whether the 
arrangement conveys a right to use the asset.
 Group as lessee-
	 	All leases are accounted for by recognising a right-
of-use asset and a lease liability except for:
	 -	 	Leases of low value assets; and
	 -	 	Leases with a duration of 12 months or less.
	 	Lease liabilities are measured at the present value 
of the contractual payments due to the lessor over 
the lease term, with the discount rate determined by 
reference to the rate inherent in the lease unless (as 
is typically the case) this is not readily determinable, 
in which case the Groups’ incremental borrowing 
rate on commencement of the lease is used. 
Variable lease payments are expensed in the period 
to which they relate.
	 	On initial recognition, the carrying value of the lease 
liability also includes:
	 -	 	amounts expected to be payable under any 
residual value guarantee;
	 -	 	the exercise price of any purchase option 
granted in favour of the Group if it is reasonably 
certain to assess that option;
	 -	 	any penalties payable for terminating the lease, 
if the term of the lease has been estimated on 
the basis of termination option being exercised.
	 	Right-of-use assets are initially measured at the 
amount of the lease liability, reduced for any lease 
incentives received, and increased for:
	 -	 	lease payments made at or before 
commencement of the lease;
	 -	 	initial direct costs incurred; and
	 -	 	the amount of any provision recognised 
where the Group is contractually required to 
dismantle, remove or restore the leased asset.
	 	Subsequent to initial measurement lease liabilities 
increase as a result of interest charged at a constant 
rate on the balance outstanding and are reduced 
for lease payments made. Right-of-use assets 
are amortized on a straight-line basis over the 
remaining term of the lease or over the remaining 
economic life of the asset if, rarely, this is judged to 
be shorter than the lease term.
	 	When the Group revises its estimate of the term of 
any lease, it adjusts the carrying amount of the lease 
liability to reflect the payments to make over the 
revised term, which are discounted using a revised 
discount rate. The carrying value of lease liabilities 
is similarly revised when the variable element of 
future lease payments dependent on a rate or 
index is revised, except the discount rate remains 
unchanged. In both cases an equivalent adjustment 
is made to the carrying value of the right-of-use 
asset, with the revised carrying amount being 
amortized over the remaining (revised) lease term. 
If the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is 
adjusted to zero, any further reduction is recognised 
in the statement of profit and loss.
2.10Financial Instrument
  Recognition of financial instruments
	 	Financial assets and liabilities, with the exception of 
loans, debt securities, deposits and borrowings are 
initially recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date 
that the Group becomes a party to the contractual 
provisions of the instrument. This includes regular 
way trades: purchases or sales of financial assets 
that require delivery of assets within the time frame 
generally established by regulation or convention 
in the market place. Loans are recognised when 
funds are transferred to the customer’s account. 
The Group recognizes debt securities, deposits and 
borrowings when funds reach the Group.
 I)  Financial Assets
	 (i)	 Initial measurement
	 	 	Financial assets are initially measured at 
transaction price, which generally represents 
fair value. Transaction costs that are directly 
attributable to the acquisition or issue of 
financial assets are added to or deducted from 
the fair value of the financial assets, on initial 
recognition. For financial assets measured at 
FVTPL, such costs are recognised immediately 
in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
	 (ii)	 Subsequent measurement
	 	 	Based on the business model, the contractual 
characteristics of the financial assets and 
specific elections where appropriate, the 
Group classifies and measures financial assets 
in the following categories:
	 	 -	 Amortised cost
	 	 -	 	Fair value through other comprehensive 
income (‘FVOCI’)
	 	 -	 	Fair value through profit and loss (‘FVTPL’)
	 	 	The classification depends on the contractual 
terms of the cash flows of the financial assets, 
the Company’s business model for managing 
financial assets and, in case of equity 
instruments, the intention of the Company 
whether strategic or non-strategic. The said 
classification methodology is detailed below-
	 	 	Business model assessment
	 	 	The Group determines its business model at the 
level that best reflects how it manages groups 
of financial assets to achieve its business 
objective. The Group’s business model is not 
assessed on an instrument-by-instrument 
basis, but at a higher level of aggregated 
portfolios and is based on observable factors 
such as:
	 	 a.	 	How the performance of the business 
model and the financial assets held 
within that business model are evaluated 
and reported to the entity’s key 
management personnel.
	 	 b.	 	The risks that affect the performance 
of the business model (and the financial 
assets held within that business model) 
and the way those risks are managed.
	 	 c.	 	The expected frequency, value and 
timing of sales are also important 
aspects of the Group’s assessment. The 
business model assessment is based on 
reasonably expected scenarios without 
taking ‘worst case’ or ‘stress case’ 
scenarios into account. If cash flows 
after initial recognition are realised in a 
way that is different from the Group’s 
original expectations, the Group does not 
change the classification of the remaining 
financial assets held in that business 
model but incorporates such information 
when assessing newly originated or newly 
purchased financial assets going forward.
	 	 	The Solely Payments of Principal and 
Interest (SPPI) test
	 	 	 As a second step of its classification process 
the Group assesses the contractual terms of 
financial assets to identify whether they meet 
the SPPI test.
	 	 	 ‘Principal’ for the purpose of this test is 
defined as the fair value of the financial asset 
at initial recognition and may change over the 
life of the financial asset (for example, if there 
are repayments of principal or amortisation 
of the premium/discount). In making this 
assessment, the Group considers whether the 
contractual cash flows are consistent with a 
basic lending arrangement i.e. interest includes 
only consideration for the time value of money, 
credit risk, other basic lending risks and a profit 
margin that is consistent with a basic lending 
arrangement. Where the contractual terms 
introduce exposure to risk or volatility that are 
inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement, 
the related financial asset is classified and 
measured at fair value through profit or loss.
	 	 a.	 	Financial assets carried at amortised cost
	 	 	 	A financial asset is measured at amortized 
cost if it meets both of the following 
conditions and is not designated as 
at FVTPL:
	 	 	 -	 	the asset is held within a business 
model whose objective is to hold 
assets to collect contractual 
cash flows (‘Asset held to collect 
contractual cash flows’); and
	 	 	 -	 	the contractual terms of the financial 
asset give rise on specified dates to 
cash flows that are solely payments 
of principal and interest (‘SPPI’) on 
the principal amount outstanding.
	 	 	 	After initial measurement and based on 
the assessment of the business model 
as asset held to collect contractual cash 
flows and SPPI, such financial assets are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost 
usi ng ef fe c t ive i nte res t r ate (‘ EI R ’ ) met ho d.
	 	 	 	Interest income from these financial 
assets is included in finance income 
using the EIR method. Any gain and loss 
199198 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 103]
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
on derecognition is also recognised in 
statement of profit and loss.
	 	 	 	The EIR method is a method of calculating 
the amortised cost of a financial 
instrument and of allocating interest over 
the relevant period. The EIR is the rate that 
exactly discounts estimated future cash 
flows (including all fees paid or received 
that form an integral part of the EIR, 
transaction costs and other premiums or 
discounts) through the expected life of 
the instrument, or, where appropriate, a 
shorter period, to the net carrying amount 
on initial recognition.
	 	 b.	 	Financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
	 	 	 	Financial assets that are held within a 
business model whose objective is both 
to collect the contractual cash flows and 
to sell the assets, (‘Contractual cash 
flows of assets collected through hold 
and sell model’) and contractual cash 
flows that are SPPI, are subsequently 
measured at FVOCI. Movements in the 
carrying amount of such financial assets 
are recognised in Other Comprehensive 
Income (‘OCI’), except dividend income 
which is recognised in statement of 
profit and loss. Amounts recorded in 
OCI are not subsequently transferred to 
the statement of profit and loss. Equity 
instruments at FVOCI are not subject to 
an impairment assessment.
	 	 c.	 	Financial assets at fair value through 
profit or loss
	 	 	 	Financial assets, which do not meet the 
criteria for categorization as at amortized 
cost or as FVOCI, are measured at FVTPL. 
Subsequent changes in fair value are 
recognised in the statement of profit and 
loss. The Group records investments in 
equity instruments, mutual funds and 
Treasury bills at FVTPL.
	 (iii)	 	Derecognition of financial assets
	 	 	A financial asset (or a part thereof) is 
derecognised when the contractual rights to 
receive the cash flows from the asset expire, or 
when the asset is transferred and substantially 
all the risks and rewards of ownership are 
transferred with no continuing involvement.
	 	 	The Company transfers financial assets 
through partial assignment transactions and 
derecognises the transferred portion when 
it does not retain control or any continuing 
involvement in the asset.
	 	 	A write-off of a financial asset is considered a 
derecognition event.
	 	 	On derecognition, the difference between 
the carrying amount of the asset and the 
consideration received (including any new 
asset acquired, net of any liability assumed) is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.
	 	 Write-off
	 	 	The Company writes off financial assets, either 
partially or in full, when there is no reasonable 
expectation of recovery based on past 
experience and assessment of the borrower’s 
financial condition.
	 	 	Amounts written off that exceed the 
accumulated loss allowance are recognised as 
an expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss 
in the period in which the write-off occurs.
 II) Financial liabilities
	 (i)	 Initial measurement
	 	 	The Group recognizes all financial liabilities 
initially at fair value adjusted for transaction 
costs that are directly attributable to the issue 
of financial liabilities except in the case of 
financial liabilities recorded at FVTPL where the 
transaction costs are charged to the Statement 
of Profit and Loss. Generally, the transaction 
price is treated as fair value unless there are 
circumstances which prove to the contrary 
in which case, the difference, if material, is 
charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss.
	 (ii)	 Subsequent measurement
	 	 	The Company subsequently measures all 
financial liabilities at amortised cost using the 
EIR method as per Ind AS 109.
	 (iii)	 Derecognition of financial liabilities
	 	 	A financial liability is derecognised when the 
obligation under the liability is discharged, 
cancelled or expires. Where an existing 
financial liability is replaced by another from 
the same lender on substantially different 
terms, or the terms of an existing liability are 
substantially modified, such an exchange or 
modification is treated as a derecognition 
of the original liability and the recognition of 
a new liability. The difference between the 
carrying value of the original financial liability 
and the consideration paid is recognised in the 
Statement of Profit and Loss.
	 (iv)	 Financial liabilities and equity instrument
	 	 	The Group classifies financial instruments, at 
the time of initial recognition, as either financial 
liabilities or equity instruments in accordance 
with the substance of the contractual terms 
and the definitions provided under Ind AS 32 
– Financial Instruments: Presentation.
	 	 Equity Instruments
	 	 	 	An instrument is classified as equity when it 
evidences a residual interest in the assets of 
the Group after deducting all its liabilities and 
meets the following conditions:
• The instrument does not contain a 
contractual obligation to deliver cash or 
another financial asset, or to exchange 
financial assets or liabilities under 
potentially unfavourable conditions; and
• If the instrument will or may be settled in the 
Group’s own equity instruments, it is either:
 − A non-derivative that includes no 
contractual obligation to deliver a 
variable number of the Group’s equity 
instruments; or
 − A derivative that will be settled only by 
the Group exchanging a fixed amount 
of cash or another financial asset 
for a fixed number of its own equity 
instruments (“fixed-for-fixed” test).
	 	 Financial Liabilities
	 	 	A financial instrument is classified as a financial 
liability if it:
•	 	Contains a contractual obligation to 
deliver cash or another financial asset to 
another entity; or
•	 	Is a contract that may be settled in the 
Group’s own equity instruments but does 
not meet the equity classification criteria 
(i.e., fails the fixed-for-fixed condition).
	 	 	Instruments with both liability and equity 
components are bifurcated and accounted for 
as compound financial instruments under Ind 
AS 32, with each component classified and 
measured separately.
	 	 	Debt and equity instruments issued by 
the Group are classified as either financial 
liabilities or as equity in accordance with the 
substance of the contractual arrangements 
and the definitions of financial liability and an 
equity instrument.
	 	 (a)	 Equity instrument
	 	 	 	An equity instrument is any contract 
that evidences a residual interest in the 
assets of an entity after deducting all of 
its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by 
the Group are recognised at the proceeds 
received, net of directly attributable 
transaction costs.
	 	 (b)	 	Financial liabilities
	 	 	 	Financial liabilities are measured at 
amortized cost. The carrying amounts 
are determined based on the EIR method. 
Interest expense is recognised in the 
statement of profit and loss. Any gain 
or loss on de-recognition of financial 
liabilities is also recognised in profit or 
loss. Undrawn loan commitments are not 
recorded in the balance sheet.
	 	 (c)	 	Debt securities and other borrowed 
funds:
	 	 	 	After initial measurement, debt issued, and 
other borrowed funds are subsequently 
measured at amortised cost. Amortised 
cost is calculated by taking into account 
any discount or premium on issue funds, 
and transaction costs that are an integral 
part of the Effective Interest Rate (EIR).
2.11Impairment of Financial Asset
(i) Overview of the ECL principles
	 	The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis 
the expected credit losses associated with its 
assets carried at amortised cost and FVOCI debt 
instruments. The impairment methodology applied 
depends on whether there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk.
	 	The ECL allowance is based on the credit losses 
expected to arise over the life of the asset, unless 
there has been no significant increase in credit 
risk since origination, in which case, the allowance 
is based on the 12 months’ expected credit loss 
201200 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 104]
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
(12-month ECL). The Group has established a 
policy to perform an assessment, at the end of each 
reporting period, of whether a financial instrument’s 
credit risk has increased significantly since initial 
recognition, by considering the change in the risk 
of default occurring over the remaining life of the 
financial instrument.
	 	Based on the above process, the Group categories 
its loans into Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3 as 
described below:
 S t a g e  1 includes financial instruments that have 
not had a significant increase in credit risk since 
initial recognition and are not credit-impaired upon 
origination. For these assets, 12- month expected 
credit losses (‘ECL’) are recognised and interest 
revenue is calculated on the gross carrying amount 
of the asset (that is, without deduction for credit 
allowance).
 S t a g e  2 includes financial instruments that have 
had a significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition but that do not have objective evidence 
of impairment. For these assets, lifetime ECL are 
recognised, but interest revenue is continued to be 
calculated on the gross carrying amount of the asset.
 S t a g e  3 includes financial assets that have 
objective evidence of impairment at the reporting 
date. For these assets, lifetime ECL are recognised 
and interest revenue is calculated on the net 
carrying amount.
(ii) The calculation of ECLs
	 	The Group calculates ECLs based on four 
probability-weighted scenarios to measure 
the expected cash shortfalls, discounted at an 
approximation to the EIR. A cash shortfall is the 
difference between the cash flows that are due to 
an entity in accordance with the contract and the 
cash flows that the entity expects to receive. The 
mechanics of the ECL calculations are outlined 
below and the key elements are, as follows:
	 	Probability of Default (PD): The PD represents the 
likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial 
obligation, either over the next 12 months (12M 
PD), or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of 
the obligation.
	 	Exposure at Default (EAD) is based on the amounts 
the Group expects to be owed at the time of default, 
over the next 12 months (12M EAD) or over the 
remaining lifetime (Lifetime EAD).
	 	Loss Given Default (LGD) represents the Group’s 
expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted 
exposure. LGD varies by type of counter party, type 
and seniority of claim and availability of collateral 
or other credit support. LGD is expressed as a 
percentage loss per unit of exposure at the time 
of default (EAD). LGD is calculated on a 12-month 
or lifetime basis, where 12-month LGD is the 
percentage of loss expected to be made if the 
default occurs in the next 12 months and lifetime 
LGD is the percentage of loss expected to be made 
it the default occurs over the remaining expected 
lifetime of the loan.
	 	When estimating the ECLs, the Group considers four 
scenarios (a base case, an upside, a mild downside 
(‘downside 1’) and a more extreme downside 
(‘downside 2’)). Each of these is associated with 
different PDs, EADs and LGDs. When relevant, the 
assessment of multiple scenarios also incorporates 
how defaulted loans are expected to be recovered, 
including the probability that the loans will cure and 
the value of collateral or the amount that might be 
received for selling the asset. Impairment losses 
and releases are accounted for and disclosed 
separately from modification losses or gains that 
are accounted for as an adjustment of the financial 
asset’s gross carrying value.
	 	Under the Group’s business model, FLDG (First 
Loss Default Guarantee) obligations as treated as 
financial guarantees and are typically based on the 
business arrangements (maximum capped at 5%) 
of the disbursed portfolio by the lending Banks/
NBFCs.
	 	For Trade Receivables, Group follows simplified 
approach for calculation of expected credit loss 
(ECL)
2.12Determination of Fair Value
	 	The Group measures certain financial instruments 
at fair value at each balance sheet date. Fair value is 
the price that would be received to sell an asset or 
paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement 
date in the principle market or in absence of the 
principle market, the most advantageous market.
	 	The Group uses valuation techniques that are 
appropriate in the circumstances and for which 
sufficient data are available to measure fair 
value, maximising the use of relevant observable 
inputs and minimising the use of unobservable 
inputs. In order to show how fair values have 
been derived, financial instruments are classified 
based on a hierarchy of valuation techniques, as 
summarized below:
	 	Level 1 includes financial instruments measured 
using quoted prices.
	 	Level 2 Financial instruments the fair value of 
financial instruments that are not traded in an active 
market is determined using valuation techniques 
which maximize the use of observable market data 
and rely as little as possible on entity-specific 
estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair 
value an instrument are observable, the instrument 
is included in level 2.
	 	Level 3 If one or more of the significant inputs is not 
based on observable market data, the instrument 
is included in level 3. The Group evaluates the 
leveling at each reporting period on an instrument-
by-instrument basis and reclassifies instruments 
when necessary based on the facts at the end of 
the reporting period.
2.13Cash and Cash Equivalents
	 	Cash and cash equivalents comprise the net 
amount of short-term, highly liquid investments 
that are readily convertible to known amounts of 
cash (short-term deposits with an original maturity 
of three months or less) and are subject to an 
insignificant risk of change in value, cheques on 
hand and balances with banks. They are held for the 
purposes of meeting short-term cash commitments 
(rather than for investment or other purposes).
	 	For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, 
cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, 
cheques on hand, balances with banks (of the 
nature of cash and cash equivalents).
2.14Property, Plant and Equipment
	 	Property, plant and equipment (“PPE”) are carried at 
cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment 
losses, if any. The cost of PPE comprises its purchase 
price net of any trade discounts and rebates, any 
import duties and other taxes (other than those 
subsequently recoverable from the tax authorities), 
any directly attributable expenditure on making the 
asset ready for its intended use and other incidental 
expenses. Subsequent expenditure on PPE after its 
purchase is capitalized only if it is probable that the 
future economic benefits will flow to the enterprise 
and the cost of the item can be measured reliably.
	 	Depreciation is calculated using the straight-
line method to write down the cost of property 
and equipment to their residual values over their 
estimated useful lives as specified under schedule 
II of the Act. Land is not depreciated. Individual 
Assets having value up to ₹5000 is depreciated 
fully in the year of purchase of assets.
	 	The estimated useful lives are, as follows:
	 (i)	 Computer and other Equipment’s -3 Years
	 (ii)	 Servers & Networks 6 Years
	 (iii)	 Office equipment 5 years
	 (iv)	 Furniture and fixtures 10 years
	 (v)	 	Leasehold improvements – over the remaining 
period of Lease
	 	Depreciation is provided on a pro-rata basis 
from the date on which such asset is ready for its 
intended use. The residual values, useful lives and 
methods of depreciation of property, plant and 
equipment are reviewed at each financial year end 
and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.
	 	PPE is derecognised on disposal or when no future 
economic benefits are expected from its use. Any 
gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset 
(calculated as the difference between the net 
disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the 
asset) is recognised in other income / expense in 
the statement of profit and loss in the year the asset 
is derecognised.
2.15Impairment of Non-Financial Asset
	 	Non-financial assets are tested for impairment 
whenever events or changes in circumstances 
indicate that the carrying amount may not be 
recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised 
for the amount by which the asset’s carrying 
amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The 
recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s 
fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. 
For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets 
are grouped at the lowest levels for which there 
are separately identifiable cash inflows which are 
largely independent of the cash inflows from other 
assets. Non-financial assets other than goodwill 
that suffered an impairment are reviewed for 
possible reversal of the impairment at the end of 
each reporting period. In assessing value in use, the 
estimated future cash flows are discounted to their 
present value using a pre-tax discount rate that 
reflects current market assessments of the time 
value of money and the risks specific to the asset. In 
determining fair value less costs of disposal, recent 
market transactions are taken into account. If no 
such transactions can be identified, an appropriate 
valuation model is used. These calculations are 
corroborated by valuation multiples, quoted share 
prices for publicly traded companies or other 
available fair value indicators.
203202 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 105]
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
2.16Intangible Assets
	 	Intangible assets represents computer software 
acquired by the Group carried at cost of acquisition 
less amortisation. The cost of the item of intangible 
assets comprises its purchase price, including 
non-refundable taxes or levies and any directly 
attributable cost of bringing the asset to its working 
condition for its intended use; any trade discounts 
and rebates are deducted in arriving at the purchase 
price. Other Indirect Expenses incurred relating to 
asset under development, net of income earned 
during the asset development stage prior to its 
intended use, are disclosed under Intangible Assets 
Under Development and are capitalised when asset 
is ready for the intended use.
	 	At intangible asset is de-recognised on disposal, 
or when no future economic benefits are expected 
from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from 
de-recognition of an intangible asset is recognised 
in profit or less when the asset is de-recognised.
	 	Amortisation methods, estimated useful lives 
and residual value Intangible assets, comprising 
software, are amortised over the estimated life 
of 5 years on a straight-line basis from the date 
of capitalization. Software developed in-house 
is amortized over estimated life of 5 years on a 
straight-line basis from the date of capitalisation 
till the previous financial year. However, beginning 
from current financial year software developed in-
house is amortized over estimated life of 10 years on 
a straight-line basis from the date of capitalisation. 
The estimated useful life and amortization method 
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, 
with the effect of any changes in estimate being 
accounted for on a prospective basis.
2.17Retirement and Other Employee Benefits
 Defined contribution plans
	 	The Group’s contribution to provident fund are 
considered as defined contribution plans and are 
charged as an expense based on the amount of 
contribution required to be made and when services 
are rendered by the employees.
  Defined benefits plan
	 	The Group pays gratuity to the employees whoever 
has completed five years of service with the Group 
at the time of resignation / retirement. The gratuity 
is paid @ 15 days salary for every completed year 
of service as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 
and new labour codes. The liability in respect of 
gratuity and other post-employment benefits is 
calculated using the Projected Unit Credit Method 
and spread over the period during which the 
benefit is expected to be derived from employees’ 
services. As per Ind AS 19, the service cost and the 
net interest cost are charged to the statement of 
profit and loss. Remeasurement of the net defined 
benefit liability, which comprise actuarial gains 
and losses, the return on plan assets (excluding 
interest) and the effect of the asset ceiling (if any, 
excluding interest), are recognised in OCI.
  Short-term employee benefits
	 	All employee benefits payable wholly within twelve 
months of rendering the service are classified as 
short-term employee benefits. Benefits such as 
salaries, wages etc. and the expected cost of ex-gratia 
are recognised in the period in which the employee 
renders the related service. A liability is recognised 
for the amount expected to be paid when there is a 
present legal or constructive obligation to pay this 
amount as a result of past service provided by the 
employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
  The cost of short-term compensated 
absences is accounted as under:
	 	In case of accumulative compensated absences, 
the employees can carry-forward a portion of 
the unutilized accrued compensated absences 
and utilize it in future service periods. Leave 
encashment occurs only at the time of separation, 
with basic salary considered for encashment. Since 
the compensated absences fall due wholly within 
twelve months after the end of the period in which 
the employees render the related service and are 
also expected to be utilized wholly within twelve 
months after the end of such period, the benefit is 
classified as a short-term employee benefit.
  Long term employee benefits:
  Share-based payments.
	 	The Group recognizes compensation expenses 
relating to share-based payments in net profit using 
fair value in accordance with Ind AS 102 - Share-
based Payment. The estimated fair value of awards 
is charged to income on a straight-line basis over 
the requisite service period for each separately 
vesting portion of the award as if the award was in-
substance, multiple awards with a corresponding 
increase to share options outstanding amount.
2.18Provisions & Contingencies
  Provisions:
	 	The Group recognises a provision when there is a 
present obligation as a result of past events, it is 
probable that an outflow of resources embodying 
economic benefits will be required to settle the 
obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount 
of the obligation can be made. The amount 
recognised as a provision is the best estimate of 
the consideration required to settle the present 
obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking 
into account the risk and uncertainties surrounding 
the obligation.
	 	The cases where the available information 
indicates that the loss on the contingency is the 
reasonably estimated, a disclosure is made in the 
financial statements. Provisions are reviewed at 
each balance sheet date and adjusted to reflect the 
current best estimates. If it is no longer probable 
that the outflow of resources would be required to 
settle the obligation, the provision is reversed.
  Contingencies:
	 	Contingent liabilities are disclosed when there 
is a possible obligation arising from past events, 
the existence of which will be confirmed only by 
the occurrence or non occurrence of one or more 
uncertain future events not wholly within the control 
of the past events but probably will not require an 
outflow of resources to settle the obligation.
	 	When there is a possible obligation or a present 
obligation in respect of which likelihood of outflow 
of resources is remote, no provision or disclosure 
is made.
	 	Contingent assets are neither recognised nor 
disclosed in the financial statements.
2.19Segment Reporting
	 	The Group is primarily engaged in the financial 
services business including financial technology 
solutions and corresponding lending. Accordingly, 
the Group is engaged in only one business segment 
and primarily in one geographical segment. 
Therefore, these financial statements pertain to 
one business segment.
2.20 Shares based payments for services 
rendered
	 	The Company accounts for share-based payments 
in accordance with Ind AS 102 – Share-based 
payment. When equity shares are issued to non-
employees in exchange for services, the transaction 
is treated as a share-based payment. The fair 
value of the services received is recognized as an 
expense in the Statement of Profit and Loss, with a 
corresponding increase in equity.
2.21Earning Per Share
	 	The Group reports basic and diluted earnings per 
share in accordance with Ind AS 33 on Earnings 
per share. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing 
the net profit or loss for the period attributable to 
equity shareholders (after deducting preference 
dividend and attributable taxes) by the weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding 
during the period. For the purpose of calculating 
diluted earnings per share, the net profit or loss for 
the year attributable to equity shareholders and the 
weighted average number of shares outstanding 
during the period are adjusted for the effects of all 
dilutive potential equity shares.
	 	In computing the dilutive earnings per share, only 
potential equity shares that are dilutive and that 
either reduce the earnings per share or increases 
loss per share are included.
2.22Statement of Cash Flow
	 	Cash flows are reported under the ‘Indirect method’ 
as set out in Ind AS 7 on ‘Statement of Cash Flows, 
whereby net profit after tax is adjusted for the 
effects of transactions of non-cash nature, tax 
and any deferrals or accruals of past or future cash 
receipts or payments. The cash flows are prepared 
for the operating, investing and financing activities 
of the Group.
3.  Material Accounting Judgments, 
Estimates and Assumptions
3.1 Judgements
	 	The preparation of the financial statements in 
conformity with Ind AS requires management 
to make estimates and assumptions considered 
in the reported amounts of assets and liabilities 
(including contingent liabilities) and the reported 
income and expenses during the period. Estimates 
and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an 
ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates 
are recognised prospectively.
3.2 Estimates and Assumptions
	 	The key assumptions concerning the future and 
other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the 
reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing 
a material adjustment to the carrying amounts 
of assets and liabilities within the next financial 
year, are described below. The Group based its 
assumptions and estimates on parameters available 
when the financial statements were prepared. 
Existing circumstances and assumptions about 
205204 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 106]
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
future developments, however, may change due to 
market changes or circumstances arising that are 
beyond the control of the Group. Such changes are 
reflected in the assumptions when they occur.
	 	Following are the areas that involved a higher 
degree of estimates and judgement or complexity 
in determining the carrying amount of some assets 
and liabilities.
i) Fair value of financial instruments
	 	The fair value of financial instruments is the price 
that would be received to sell an asset or paid 
to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction in 
the principal (or most advantageous in absence 
of principal market) market at the measurement 
date under current market conditions (i.e. an exit 
price) regardless of whether that price is directly 
observable or estimated using another valuation 
technique. When the fair values of financial assets 
and financial liabilities recorded in the balance sheet 
cannot be derived from active markets, they are 
determined using a variety of valuation techniques 
that include the use of valuation models. The inputs 
to these models are taken from observable markets 
where possible, but where this is not feasible, 
estimation is required in establishing fair values.
ii) Effective interest rate (“EIR”) method
	 	The Group’s EIR methodology, as explained in Note 
2.6(i), recognises interest income using an EIR. 
An ‘effective interest rate’ is the rate that exactly 
discounts estimated future cash payments or 
receipts through the expected behavioural life of 
the financial asset to the gross carrying amount of 
the financial asset.
	 	This estimation, by nature required an element 
of judgement regarding the expected behaviour 
and life-cycle of the instruments, the effect of 
potentially different interest rates at various stages 
and other characteristics of the product life cycle 
(including prepayments and penalty interest and 
charges) as well expected changes to the base 
rate and other transaction costs and fees paid or 
received that are integral parts of the instruments.
iii) Impairment of financial asset
	 	The measurement of impairment losses across all 
categories of financial assets requires judgement, 
in particular, the estimation of the amount and 
timing of future cash flows and collateral values 
when determining impairment losses and the 
assessment of a significant increase in credit risk. 
These estimates are driven by a number of factors, 
changes in which can result in different levels 
of allowances.
	 	The Group’s expected credit loss (“ECL”) 
calculations are outputs of complex models 
with a number of underlying assumptions 
regarding the choice of variable inputs and their 
interdependencies. Elements of the ECL models 
that are considered accounting judgements and 
estimates include:
	 a)	 	The Group’s criteria for assessing if there has 
been a significant increase in credit risk and 
so allowances for financial assets should be 
measured on a life time expected credit loss 
(“LTECL”) basis.
	 b)	 	Development of ECL models, including the 
various formulas and the choice of inputs.
	 c)	 	Determination of associations between 
macroeconomic scenarios and economic 
inputs, such as gross domestic products, 
lending interest rates and collateral values, 
and the effect on probability of default (“PD”), 
exposure at default (“EAD”) and loss given 
default (“LGD”).
	 d)	 	Selection of forward-looking macroeconomic 
scenarios and their probability weightings, to 
derive the economic inputs into ECL models.
iv)  Contingent liabilities and provisions other 
than impairment on loan portfolio
	 	Provisions and liabilities are recognised in the period 
when it becomes probable that there will be a future 
outflow of funds resulting from past operations 
or events and the amount of cash outflow can be 
reliably estimated. The timing of recognition and 
quantification of the liability requires the application 
of judgement to existing facts and circumstances, 
which can be subject to change. The carrying 
amounts of provisions and liabilities are reviewed 
at each Balance sheet date and revised to take 
account of changing facts and circumstances.
v) Leases
	 	Ind AS 116 “Leases” requires lessee to determine 
the lease term as the non-cancellable period of a 
lease adjusted with any option to extend or terminate 
the lease, if the use of such option is reasonably 
certain. The Group makes assessment on the 
expected lease term on lease-by-lease basis and 
thereby assesses whether it is reasonably certain 
that any options to extend or terminate the contract 
will be exercised. In evaluating the lease term, the 
Group considers factors such as any significant 
leasehold improvements undertaken over the lease 
term, costs relating to the termination of lease and 
the importance of the underlying to the Group’s 
operations taking into account the location of the 
underlying asset and the availability of the suitable 
alternatives. The lease term in future periods is 
reassessed to ensure that the lease term reflects 
the current economic circumstances.
vi)  Defined employee benefit assets and 
liabilities
	 	The cost of the defined benefit gratuity plan and 
the present value of the gratuity obligation are 
determined using actuarial valuations. An actuarial 
valuation involves making various assumptions that 
may differ from actual developments in the future. 
These include the determination of the discount 
rate; future salary increases and mortality rates. 
Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and 
its long-term nature, a defined benefit obligation is 
highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. 
All assumptions are reviewed annually.
vii) Fair value of share-based payment
	 	The Group accounts for share-based payment 
transactions in accordance with Ind AS 102 – 
Share-based Payment
	 	Equity-settled share-based payments to employees 
and others providing similar services are measured 
at the fair value of the equity instruments granted 
at the grant date. The fair value determined at the 
grant date is recognised as an expense over the 
vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of the 
number of equity instruments that will eventually 
vest, with a corresponding increase in equity.
	 	The fair value of options granted is determined 
using an appropriate option pricing model (e.g., 
Black-Scholes or Binomial model), considering 
the terms and conditions upon which the options 
were granted. The model takes into account inputs 
such as:
• Share price at the grant date
• Exercise price of the option
• Expected volatility
• Expected life of the option
• Expected dividends
• Risk-free interest rate
	 	Estimates of vesting conditions (other than market 
conditions) are revised at each reporting date. The 
impact of the revision of original estimates, if any, is 
recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss with 
a corresponding adjustment to equity.
viii) Recognition of deferred tax assets
	 	The Group has recognized deferred tax assets 
and concluded that the deferred tax assets will 
be recoverable using the estimated future taxable 
income based on the experience and future 
projections. The Group is expected to generate 
adequate taxable income for liquidating these 
assets in due course of time.
207206 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 107]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 4(a) - Property, Plant and Equipment & Other Intangible Assets
As at 31 March 2026
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)
Asset description
Gross block Accumulated Depreciation/Amortisation Net block
As at
1 April 2025 Additions Deductions As at
31 March 2026
As at
01 April 2025 Additions Deductions As at 31 
March 2026
As at
31 March 2026
As at
31 March 2025
Tangible assets 
Computer equipment 172.74 34.46 11.43 195.77 136.20 25.86 10.93 151.13 44.64 36.54
Office equipment 27.62 4.58 0.30 31.90 10.90 5.15 0.10 15.95 15.95 16.72
Leasehold improvements 21.67 - - 21.67 21.67 - - 21.67 - -
Furniture and fixtures 12.16 5.12 - 17.28 2.86 1.40 - 4.26 13.02 9.30
Subtotal 234.19 44.16 11.73 266.62 171.63 32.41 11.03 193.01 73.61 62.56
Intangible assets 
Computer software 176.28 3.87 - 180.15 173.52 3.98 - 177.50 2.65 2.76
Internally generated computer software 18.59 39.83 - 58.42 8.19 1.20 - 9.39 49.03 10.40
Subtotal 194.87 43.70 - 238.57 181.71 5.18 - 186.89 51.68 13.16
Total 429.06 87.86 11.73 505.19 353.34 37.59 11.03 379.90 125.29 75.72
As at 31 March 2025
Asset description
Gross block Accumulated Depreciation/Amortisation Net block
As at
1 April 2024 Additions Deductions As at
31 March 2025
As at
01 April 2024 Additions Deductions As at 31 
March 2025
As at
31 March 2025
As at
31 March 2024
Tangible assets 
Computer equipment 182.81 16.62 26.69 172.74 127.61 31.94 23.35 136.20 36.54 55.20
Office equipment 19.73 8.15 0.26 27.62 6.89 4.07 0.06 10.90 16.72 12.84
Leasehold improvements 21.67 - - 21.67 21.07 0.60 - 21.67 - 0.60
Furniture and fixtures 7.78 6.19 1.81 12.16 2.60 1.05 0.79 2.86 9.30 5.18
Subtotal 231.99 30.96 28.76 234.19 158.17 37.66 24.20 171.63 62.56 73.82
Intangible assets 
Computer software 173.07 3.21 - 176.28 168.12 5.40 - 173.52 2.76 4.95
Internally generated computer software 15.67 2.92 - 18.59 5.04 3.15 - 8.19 10.40 10.63
Subtotal 188.74 6.13 - 194.87 173.16 8.55 - 181.71 13.16 15.58
Total 420.73 37.09 28.76 429.06 331.33 46.21 24.20 353.34 75.72 89.40
Notes:
i)	 	The Group has not carried out any revaluation of assets during the year and there were also no acquisition through business combination.
ii)	 	The Group does not hold immovable property.
Note 4(b) - Intangible assets under development (IAUD)
i) Intangible assets under development (IAUD)
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Intangible assets under development (IAUD) 62.96 47.79
Total 62.96 47.79
ii) Intangible assets under development (IAUD) ageing schedule :
As at 31 March 2026
Particulars
Amount in IAUD for a period of 
Less than 1 year  1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Projects in process (Software) 15.17 47.79 - - 62.96
As at 31 March 2025
Particulars
Amount in IAUD for a period of 
Less than 1 year  1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total
Projects in process (Software) 47.79 - - - 47.79
Notes:
i)	 	There are no projects temporarily suspended and hence not required to be disclosed separately.
ii)	 	There are no intangibles under developments whose completion is over due or has exceeded its cost compared 
to its original plan.
Note 5 - Leases
This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.
The Group’s leased assets mainly comprise of office premises and furniture & fixtures taken on lease. The term of such 
leases ranges from 3 to 5 years. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at 
which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.
Note 5(a) - Right of use assets
F.Y. 2025-26
Particulars
Gross block Accumulated Depreciation Net Block
As at
1 April 
2025
Additions Deletions/
Adjustments
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
1 April 
2025
Additions Deductions/
Adjustments
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2026
Premises and 
Furniture & fixtures
857.21 106.01 139.57 823.65 402.98 178.59 62.74 518.83 304.82 454.23
Total 857.21 106.01 139.57 823.65 402.98 178.59 62.74 518.83 304.82 454.23
F.Y. 2024-25
Particulars
Gross block Accumulated Depreciation Net Block
As at
1 April 
2025
Additions Deletions/
Adjustments
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
1 April 
2025
Additions Deductions/
Adjustments
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2026
As at
31 March 
2026
Premises and 
Furniture & fixtures
741.63 219.46 103.88 857.21 258.66 180.81 36.49 402.98 454.23 482.97
Total 741.63 219.46 103.88 857.21 258.66 180.81 36.49 402.98 454.23 482.97
209208 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 108]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 5(b)- Lease Liabilities 
Particulars
Non-current Current
 As at
 31 March 2026 
 As at
 31 March 2025 
 As at
 31 March 2026 
 As at
 31 March 2025 
Lease liabilities 181.30 325.91 148.96 161.81
Total 181.30 325.91 148.96 161.81
i) Total lease liabilities are analysed as at 
Denominated in the following currencies: As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Rupees 330.26 487.72
Foreign currency - -
Total 330.26 487.72
ii)  The following amounts were recognised as expense in the year
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Depreciation on right-of-use assets 178.58 180.81
Expense relating to short-term leases and low-value assets 53.80 27.14
Interest Expenses on lease liabilities 55.09 57.34
Recognised in the statement of profit & loss 287.47 265.29
iii) The following are the undiscounted contractual cash flows of lease liabilities
Maturity analysis As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Upto 1 year 181.18 210.42
Between 1 and 2 years 80.80 192.97
Between 2 and 5 years 135.87 185.55
More than 5 years - -
Total 397.85 588.94
iv)  The following is the movement in lease liabilities
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Opening balance 487.72 517.58
Additions during the year 97.85 211.67
Termination/modifications of lease (88.85) (76.04)
Finance cost incurred during the year 55.09 57.34
Less: Payment of lease liabilities (221.55) (222.83)
Closing balance 330.26 487.72
Note 6 - Investments
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Investment at fair value through profit and loss
	 i)	 	Mutual funds 80.45 -
	 	 	(ICICI Prudential Money Market Fund- Growth- 202,737.12 units)
Total 80.45 -
Investments outside India - -
Investments in India 80.45 -
Total 80.45 -
Quoted/Unquoted Investment
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Aggregate amount of quoted investments 80.45 -
Market value of quoted investments 80.45 -
Aggregate amount of unquoted investments - -
Note 7 - Trade receivables
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Trade receivables
Billed 300.55 345.64
Unbilled 746.53 363.31
Total 1,047.08 708.95
Secured - Considered good - -
Unsecured - Considered good 1,047.08 708.95
Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk - -
Receivables - credit impaired - -
Total - Gross 1,047.08 708.95
(Less): Impairment loss allowance (4.11) (8.18)
Total - Net 1,042.97 700.77
Reconciliation of Impairment loss allowance
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Opening balance 8.18 20.05
Add: Impairment loss allowance during the year (4.07) (11.88)
Closing balance 4.11 8.18
Particulars of Trade receivable As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
(i)	 	Undisputed Trade receivables - considered good 1,047.08 708.95
(ii)	 	Undisputed Trade receivables - considered doubtful - -
(iii)	 	Disputed Trade receivables - considered good - -
(iv)	 	Disputed Trade receivables - considered doubtful - -
Ageing Schedule for Trade Receivables
Particulars
Outstanding as on March 31, 2026 from the due date of payment 
Unbilled Less than 
6 Months 
6 Months-
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total 
(i)	 	Undisputed Trade receivables - 
considered good
746.53 285.44 15.11 - - - 1,047.08
ii)	 	Undisputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)	 	Receivables which have significant 
increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iv)	 	Undisputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
v)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables– considered 
good
- - - - - - -
vi)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vii)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
211210 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 109]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Ageing Schedule for Trade Receivables
Particulars
Outstanding as on March 31, 2025 from the due date of payment 
Unbilled Less than 
6 Months 
6 Months-
1 year 1-2 years 2-3 years More than 
3 years Total 
(i)	 	Undisputed Trade receivables - 
considered good
363.31 343.87 1.77 - - - 708.95
ii)	 	Undisputed Trade Receivables – which 
have significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iii)	 	Receivables which have significant 
increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
iv)	 	Undisputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
v)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables– considered 
good
- - - - - - -
vi)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables – which have 
significant increase in credit risk
- - - - - - -
vii)	 	Disputed Trade Receivables – credit 
impaired
- - - - - - -
Notes:
1)	 	No trade receivable are due from directors or other officers of the Group either severally or jointly with any other 
person nor from any firms or private companies respectively in which any director is a partner, a director or 
a member.
2)	 	Trade receivables are non-interest bearing.
Note 8 - Cash and Cash Equivalents
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Cash on hand* - 0.00
Balance with banks
-	 	In current accounts 1,266.94 977.15
-	 	In bank deposits (with original maturity of less than 3 months) 827.62 350.08
Total 2,094.56 1,327.23
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
Note 9 - Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents above
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Bank deposit with original maturity of more than 3 months but less than 12 months* 317.54 117.70
Total 317.54 117.70
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
*Encumbered balances (pledged as collateral) - refer note no. 9 &11 2,033.71 1,339.78
Note 10 - Loans
Non-current Current
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
Loans at amortised cost
Loans 6,298.14 3,220.38 29,264.41 21,525.20
Others - - - -
Total (A) - Gross 6,298.14 3,220.38 29,264.41 21,525.20
(Less): Impairment loss allowance on loans (790.83) (412.36) (2,878.26) (2,755.78)
Total (A) - Net 5,507.31 2,808.02 26,386.15 18,769.42
Secured by tangible assets 4,532.52 755.14 549.20 -
Covered by Government Guarantee 347.72 - 4,527.18 -
Unsecured 1,417.90 2,465.24 24,188.03 21,525.20
Total (B) - Gross 6,298.14 3,220.38 29,264.41 21,525.20
(Less): Impairment loss allowance (790.83) (412.36) (2,878.26) (2,755.78)
Total (B) - Net 5,507.31 2,808.02 26,386.15 18,769.42
Loans in India
-	 Public sector - - - -
-	 Others (Retail loans) 6,298.14 3,220.38 29,264.41 21,525.20
Loans within India - Gross 6,298.14 3,220.38 29,264.41 21,525.20
(Less): Impairment loss allowance (790.83) (412.36) (2,878.26) (2,755.78)
Loans within India -Net - (C)(i) 5,507.31 2,808.02 26,386.15 18,769.42
Loans Outside India (C) (ii) - - - -
Total (C) - Gross 6,298.14 3,220.38 29,264.41 21,525.20
(Less): Impairment loss allowance (790.83) (412.36) (2,878.26) (2,755.78)
Total (C) - Net 5,507.31 2,808.02 26,386.15 18,769.42
Notes:
1)	 	The Group has not granted loans and advances in the nature of loans to promoters, directors, key managerial 
personnel or related parties u/s 2(76) either repayable on demand or without specifying terms period.
2)	 	Refer note 41 for credit risk disclosure.
Note 11 - Other Financial Assets
Non-current Current
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
Security deposits
-	 Lease deposits 51.02 83.29 44.96 -
-	 Other deposits 3.48 2.78 0.04 -
Bank deposit with original maturity of more than 12 
months*
911.97 798.75 822.30 433.30
Loans to employees - - 9.71 6.27
Excess interest spread (EIS) receivable 14.03 - 13.77 4.93
Balance with govt authorities** 4.29 - - -
Other receivables - - 229.11 137.28
Total 984.79 884.82 1,119.89 581.78
*Refer Note 9 for Encumbered balances.
** Refer note 36 for detailed disclosure.
213212 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 110]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 12 - Current Tax Liabilities (Net)
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Advance tax and tax deducted at source (1,227.35) (298.62)
Provision for income tax 1,284.10 379.37
Total 56.75 80.75
Note 13 - Other Non-Current/Current assets
Non-current Current
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
Prepaid expenses 21.31 - 132.20 101.40
Deferred Expenses 166.72 - - -
Advances to suppliers and others - - 77.47 14.86
Total 188.03 - 209.67 116.26
Note 14 - Deferred tax assets (Net)
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Deferred Tax Assets (Gross)
Payments as per section 43B (Gratuity & Leave Encashment) 34.72 23.87
Lease arrangements accounted as ROU assets & lease liabilities 11.31 14.57
Unamortised Processing fees and transaction cost 501.51 286.40
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other intangible assets 1.71 -
Provision on business correspondent arrangements 95.03 35.90
Expected credit loss on financial assets 897.11 825.84
TOTAL (A) 1,541.39 1,186.58
Deferred Tax Liabilities (Gross)
Fair value Gain/loss on FVTPL instruments 0.11 -
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other intangible assets - 5.79
Deferment of upfront EIS and servicing obligation recorded under assignment 7.00 1.24
Unamortised fees on borrowings 72.99 52.25
TOTAL (B) 80.10 59.28
Net Deferred Tax Asset (Net) [(A) - (B)] 1,461.29 1,127.30
Note 15(a) - Share Capital
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Authorized
Equity shares
230,000,000 equity shares of ₹1 each (Previous years: 6,000,000) equity shares of ₹10 each 230.00 60.00
Preference Shares
10,700,000 (Previous years: 10,700,000) preference shares of ₹10 each 107.00 107.00
20 (Previous year: 20) optionally convertible redeemable non-cumulative preference shares of 
₹100 each*
0.00 0.00
325,508 (Previous year: 325,508) preference shares of ₹100 each 32.55 32.55
Total 369.55 199.55
Issued, subscribed and paid up capital
Equity shares
118,775,420 equity shares of ₹1 each fully paid up (Previous year: 5,363,087 equity shares of 
₹10 each) 
118.78 53.63
Total 118.78 53.63
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
Note 15(b) - Instruments entirely equity in nature
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Issued, subscribed and paid up capital
Preference shares
Nil (Previous year: 786,684) Series A 0.10% compulsory convertible cumulative preference 
shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 7.87
Nil (Previous year: 488,263) Series B 0.10% compulsory convertible cumulative preference 
shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 4.88
Nil (Previous year: 1,629,078) Series C 0.0001% cumulative compulsory convertible 
preference shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 16.29
Nil (Previous year: 703,903) Series D1 0.0001% cumulative compulsory convertible 
preference shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 7.04
Nil (Previous year: 1,670,167) Series E 0.0001% cumulative compulsory convertible 
preference shares of ₹10 each fully paid up
- 16.70
Nil (Previous year: 119,416) Series E1 0.01% compulsorily convertible preference shares of 
₹100 each, ₹100 fully paid up (Previous year: ₹1 Partly Paid)
- 0.12
Nil (Previous year: 31,797) Series Z1 0.01% compulsorily convertible preference shares of ₹10 
each, ₹10 paid up (Previous year: ₹1 Partly Paid)
- 0.03
Nil (Previous year: 25,068) Series Z2 compulsorily convertible preference shares of ₹10 each, 
₹10 paid up (Previous year: ₹1 Partly Paid)
- 0.03
Nil (Previous year: 22,301) Series Z3 0.001% compulsorily convertible preference shares of 
₹10 each, ₹10 paid up (Previous year: ₹1 Partly Paid)
- 0.02
Nil (Previous year: 17,926) Series Z4 0.0001% compulsorily convertible preference shares of 
₹10 each fully paid up 
- 0.18
Total - 53.16
15(a).1 Reconciliation of the number of equity shares outstanding at the beginning and at the closing 
of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount Number* Amount
Equity shares at the beginning of the year 5,36,30,870 53.63 47,80,175 47.80
Add : Issued against ESOP 1,23,670 0.12 - -
Add : Issued on conversion of OCRPS 4,50,210 0.45 5,82,912 5.83
Add : Issued on conversion of CCPS 6,45,70,670 64.58 - -
Equity shares at the end of the year 11,87,75,420 118.78 53,63,087 53.63
*Above mentioned numbers are Pre-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 8 
July, 2025.
15(b).1.1 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series A at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 7,86,684 7.87 7,86,684 7.87
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (7,86,684) (7.87) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 7,86,684 7.87
215214 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 111]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
15(b).1.2 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series B at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 4,88,263 4.88 4,88,263 4.88
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (4,88,263) (4.88) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 4,88,263 4.88
15(b).1.3 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series C at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 16,29,078 16.29 16,29,078 16.29
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (16,29,078) (16.29) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 16,29,078 16.29
15(b).1.4 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series D1 at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 7,03,903 7.04 7,03,903 7.04
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year (7,03,903) (7.04) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 7,03,903 7.04
15(b).1.5 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series E at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 16,70,167 16.70 16,70,167 16.70
Less : Converted into equity shares during the year (16,70,167) (16.70) - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 16,70,167 16.70
15(b).1.6 Reconciliation of the number of optionally convertible redeemable preference shares 
(‘OCRPS’) Series A outstanding at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
OCRPS at the beginning of the year* - - 2 0.00
Less : Convert into Equity shares during the year* - - (2) (0.00)
OCRPS at the end of the year - - - -
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
15(b).1.7 Reconciliation of the number of optionally convertible redeemable preference shares 
(‘OCRPS’) Series B outstanding at the beginning and at the closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
OCCPS at the beginning of the year* - - 2 0.00
Less : Converted into Equity shares during the year* - - (2) (0.00)
OCRPS at the end of the year - - - -
*0.00 represents the amount less than ₹5,000
15(b).1.8 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series E1 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 1,19,416 0.12 1,19,416 0.12
Add: Outstanding shares converted to fully paid up - 11.82 - -
Less : Converted into equity shares during the year (1,19,416) (11.94) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 1,19,416 0.12
15(b).1.9 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series Z1 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 31,797 0.03 31,797 0.03
Add: Outstanding shares converted to fully paid up - 0.29 - -
Less : Converted into equity shares during the year (31,797) (0.32) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 31,797 0.03
15(b).1.10 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series Z2 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 25,068 0.03 - -
Add: Outstanding shares converted to fully paid up - 0.22 - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - 25,068 0.03
Less : Converted into equity shares during the year (25,068) (0.25) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 25,068 0.03
15(b).1.11 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series Z3 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 22,301 0.02 - -
Add: Outstanding shares converted to fully paid up - 0.20 - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration of cash - - 22,301 0.02
Less : Converted into equity shares during the year (22,301) (0.22) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 22,301 0.02
15(b).1.12 Reconciliation of the number of CCPS Series Z4 outstanding at the beginning and at the 
closing of the year
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number Amount  Number Amount
CCPS at the beginning of the year 17,926 0.18 - -
Add: Issued during the year in consideration other than 
cash
35,852 0.36 17,926 0.18
Less : Converted into equity shares during the year (53,778) (0.54) - -
CCPS at the end of the year - - 17,926 0.18
217216 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 112]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
15.2 Terms/rights attached to shares
15.2.1 Equity shares
The Group has issued only one class of equity shares having a par value of ₹1 per share(pursuant to the split of 
shares of the Company approved in the Board of Directors meeting held on July 8, 2025). Each holder of equity 
shares is entitled to one vote per share. Any dividend proposed by the Board of Directors is subject to the approval of 
the shareholders in the ensuing annual general meeting. The Group has not declared/proposed any dividend in the 
current year and previous year.
During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted certain Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the Board of 
Directors and shareholders.
Series A CCPS aggregating to 7 ,86,684 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series B CCPS aggregating to 4,88,263 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series C CCPS aggregating to 16,29,078 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series D1 CCPS aggregating to 7 ,03,903 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series E CCPS aggregating to 16,70,167 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series E1 CCPS aggregating to 1,19,416 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series Z1 CCPS aggregating to 31,797 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series Z2 CCPS aggregating to 25,068 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series Z3 CCPS aggregating to 22,301 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Series Z4 CCPS aggregating to 53,778 CCPS were converted into equity shares during the year.
Consequent to the above conversions, the corresponding CCPS balances stand extinguished/reduced and the paid-
up equity share capital of the Group increased by issuance of equity shares as per the applicable conversion ratio 
prescribed in the respective agreements.
During the previous year, the Group has converted 2 Series A OCRPS having face value of ₹100 each into 2,91,456 
Equity Shares having face value of ₹10 each in the ratio 1: 1,45,728 and 2 Series B OCRPS having face value of ₹100 
each into 2,91,256 Equity Shares having face value of ₹10 each in the ratio 1: 1,45,728.
In the event of liquidation of the Group, the holders of equity shares will be entitled to receive any of the remaining 
assets of the Group in proportion to the number of equity shares held by the shareholders, after distribution of all 
preferential amounts.
As per records of the Group, including its register of shareholder/members and other declaration received from 
shareholders regarding beneficial interest, the above share holding represents both legal and beneficial ownerships 
of shares.
15.2.2 Preference shares
a)  Terms/rights attached to Series A CCPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.10% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹10 per share aggregating to ₹78,66,840 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry of 19 
years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:9.29025084745763 (to account for such sub-division)
[Previous year: 1:0.929025084745763].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Group 
before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the holders of Series A CCPS shall have preference over the other Shareholders of the 
Group other than holders of Series E CCPS, Secondary Shares, Series D1 CCPS and Series C CCPS and Series B 
CCPS for return of capital invested towards the subscription of Series A CCPS.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 7 ,86,684 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by 
the Board of Directors and shareholders.
b)  Terms/rights attached to Series B CCPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.10% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹10 per share aggregating to ₹48,82,630 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry of 
19 years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous year: 
1:1].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Group 
before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series B CCPS shall have preference over the other Shareholders of 
the Group other than holders of Series E CCPS, Secondary Shares, Series D1 CCPS and Series C CCPS (but 
including holders of Series A CCPS) for return of capital invested towards the subscription of Series B CCPS.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 4,88,263 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by 
the Board of Directors and shareholders.
c)  Terms/rights attached to Series C CCPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.0001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹10 per share aggregating to ₹1,62,90,780 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry of 
19 years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous year: 
1:1].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Group 
before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series C CCPS shall have preference over all the other Shareholders of 
the Group other than holders of Series E CCPS, Secondary Shares and Series D1 CCPS (but including holders of 
Series A CCPS and Series B CCPS) for return of capital invested towards the subscription of Series C CCPS.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 16,29,078 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by 
the Board of Directors and shareholders.
d)  Terms/rights attached to Series D1 CCPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.0001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face 
value ₹10 per share aggregating to ₹70,39,030 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry 
of 19 years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous 
year: 1:1].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Group 
before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.”
219218 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 113]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series D1 CCPS shall have preference over all the other Shareholders 
of the Group other than holders of Series E CCPS and Secondary Shares (but including holders of Series A CCPS, 
Series B CCPS and Series C CCPS) for return of capital invested towards the subscription of Series D1 CCPS.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 7 ,03,903 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by 
the Board of Directors and shareholders.
e)  Terms/rights attached to Series E CCPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.0001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹10 per share aggregating to ₹16,701,670 which are convertible into equity shares at any time before expiry of 19 
years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)[Previous year: 1:1].
	 	The preference shareholders have a right to receive dividend prior to equity shareholders. The dividend proposed 
by the Board of Directors on the preference shares is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, except in the case of interim dividend.
	 	In the event of liquidation, the Preference Shareholders are eligible to receive the remaining assets of the Group 
before distribution to the equity shareholders, in proportion to their shareholding.”
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series E CCPS and Secondary Shares (“Series E Transaction CCPS”) 
shall have preference over all the other Shareholders of the Group (including holders of Series A CCPS, Series B 
CCPS, Series C CCPS and Series D1 CCPS) for return of capital invested towards: (a) the subscription of Series 
E CCPS and (b) acquisition of Secondary Shares.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 16,70,167 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by 
the Board of Directors and shareholders.
f)  Terms/rights attached to Series A OCRPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.01% Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference shares (“OCRPS”) of face value 
₹100 per share aggregating to ₹200 which are convertible into equity shares subject to primary conditions 
mentioned in SHA. The tenure of the Series shall be 20 years.
	 	During the year 2024-25, the Group has converted 2 Series A OCRPS having face value of ₹100 each into 
2,91,456 Equity Shares having face value of ₹10 each in the ratio 1: 1,45,728.
g)  Terms/rights attached to Series B OCRPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.01% Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference shares (“OCRPS”) of face value 
₹100 per share aggregating to ₹200 which are convertible into equity shares subject to primary conditions 
mentioned in SHA. The tenure of the Series shall be 20 years.
	 	During the year 2024-25, the Group has converted 2 Series B OCRPS having face value of ₹100 each into 
2,91,456 Equity Shares having face value of ₹10 each in the ratio 1: 1,45,728.
h)  Terms/rights attached to Series E1 CCPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.01% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹100 per share, as fully paid in current year (Previous year: ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹1,19,416 which 
are convertible into equity shares after expiry of 19 years from the date of issuance having conversion ratio of 
1:89.78696322 (to account for such sub-division) [Previous year: 1:10].
	 	The holder of each Series E1 CCPS shall be entitled to preferential dividend at the rate of 0.01% per annum on 
the face value of the Series E1 CCPS issued. The dividends are non-cumulative in nature and will be payable as 
and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Group and/or the shareholders of the Group.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 1,19,416 Compulsorily Convertible 
Preference Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by 
the Board of Directors and shareholders.
i)  Terms/rights attached to Series Z1 CCPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.0001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face 
value ₹10 per share, as fully paid in current year (Previous year: ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹31,797 which are 
convertible into equity shares after expiry of 19 years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10 (to 
account for such sub-division)[Previous year:1:1].
	 	Series Z1 CCPS shall be entitled to a cumulative dividend as given to holder of the Preference Shares in the 
Series E Equity round in preference of Equity Shares. Dividend shall be paid as and when it is paid and declared 
on Equity Shares.
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series Z1 CCPS shall have liquidation preference as available to the 
investors of Series E Equity Round in the Group on a pari passu basis.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 31,797 Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the Board of 
Directors and shareholders.
j)  Terms/rights attached to Series Z2 CCPS
	 	The Group has issued Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value ₹10 per 
share, as fully paid in current (Previous : ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹25,068 which are convertible into equity 
shares which are convertible into equity shares after expiry of 19 years from the date of issuance with conversion 
ratio of 1:10 (to account for such sub-division)[Previous year:1:1].
	 	Series Z2 CCPS shall be entitled to a cumulative dividend as given to holder of the Preference Shares in the 
Series F Equity round in preference of Equity Shares. Dividend shall be paid as and when it is paid and declared 
on Equity Shares.
	 	In the event of liquidation, The holders of Series Z2 CCPS shall have liquidation preference as available to the 
investors of Series F Equity Round in the Group on a pari passu basis.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 25,068 Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the Board of 
Directors and shareholders.
k)  Terms/rights attached to Series Z3 CCPS
	 	The Group has issued 0.001% Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value 
₹10 per share, as fully paid in current (Previous year: ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹22.301 which are convertible 
into equity shares after expiry of 8 years from the date of issuance which are convertible into equity shares after 
expiry of 19 years from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10(to account for such sub-division)
[Previous year: 1:1].
	 	The Series Z3 CCPS are cumulative, participating, compulsorily and fully convertible preference shares having a 
face value of INR 10 each. Minimum preferential cumulative dividend rate is 0.001% of the face value per annum 
pari passu with the preferential dividend payable to any other holder of preference shares. In addition to and 
after payment of the Investor Preferential Dividend, holders of Series Z3 CCPS would be entitled to participate 
pari passu in any cash or non-cash dividends paid to the holders of shares of all other classes (including Equity 
Shares) or series on a pro rata, as-if converted basis to the fullest extent permissible under applicable Law.
	 	In the event of a Liquidity Event, Series Z3 CCPS shall have liquidation preference as available to the holders of 
Preference Shares in the Subsequent Round.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 22,301 Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the Board of 
Directors and shareholders.
l)  Terms/rights attached to Series Z4 CCPS
	 	The Group has issued Compulsorily Convertible Cumulative Preference shares (“CCCPS”) of face value ₹10 per 
share fully paid up aggregating to ₹5,37 ,780 which are convertible into equity shares after expiry of 19 years 
from the date of issuance with conversion ratio of 1:10 (to account for such sub-division)[Previous year:1:1].
221220 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 114]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
	 	The Series Z4 CCPS shall carry a predetermined cumulative dividend rate of 0.0001% per annum. Series Z4 
CCPS shall be entitled to the same Liquidation Preference as Series E CCPS during a Liquidation Event.
	 	During the financial year ended 31 March 2026, the Group converted 53,778 Compulsorily Convertible Preference 
Shares (“CCPS”) into Equity Shares in accordance with the respective terms of issue approved by the Board of 
Directors and shareholders.
15.3.1 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each equity shares
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
equity shares  % of Holding  Number of 
equity shares*  % of Holding 
Mr. Ranvir Singh 2,42,91,232 20.45% 16,71,139 31.16%
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 1,74,93,894 14.73% 11,86,870 22.13%
Ammar Sdn Bhd 1,56,88,260 13.21% 8,84,331 16.49%
Vertex Ventures SEA Fund III Pte Ltd 1,05,00,809 8.84% 1,06,220 1.98%
Vertex Growth Fund Pte. Ltd. 94,12,960 7.93% 5,30,599 9.89%
Vertex Growth Fund II Pte. Ltd. 94,12,960 7.93% 5,30,599 9.89%
VenturEast Proactive Fund II 79,98,270 6.73% - -
Endiya Seed Co-creation Fund 72,63,560 6.12% - -
Sistema Asia Fund Pte Ltd 68,06,240 5.73% 100 0.00%
*Above mentioned numbers are Pre-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f. 
8 July, 2025.
15.3.2 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series A shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Endiya Trustee Private Limited - - 3,68,750 46.87%
Ventureast Proactive Fund LLC - - 3,52,389 44.79%
Ventureast Trustee Company Private Limited 	
(as a trustee of Ventureast Proactive Fund II)
- - 64,009 8.14%
15.3.3 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series B shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Endiya Trustee Private Limited - - 1,60,508 32.87%
Ventureast Trustee Company Private Limited 	
(as a trustee of Ventureast Proactive Fund II)
- - 3,21,117 65.77%
15.3.4 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series C shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Endiya Trustee Private Limited - - 2,23,170 13.70%
Sistema Asia Fund Pte. Ltd - - 4,47,965 27.50%
Ventureast Trustee Private Limited 	
(as a trustee of Ventureast Proactive Fund II)
- - 3,28,539 20.17%
Vertex Ventures SEA Fund III Pte. Ltd - - 5,86,459 36.00%
15.3.5 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series D shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Sistema Asia Fund Pte. Ltd - - 2,32,559 33.04%
Ventureast Trustee Company Private Limited 	
(as a trustee of Ventureast Proactive Fund II)
- - 1,50,071 21.32%
Vertex Ventures SEA Fund III Pte. Ltd - - 3,00,141 42.64%
15.3.6 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each CCPS Series E shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Ammar Sdn Bhd - - 6,84,495 40.98%
Vertex Growth Fund Pte. Ltd - - 4,10,697 24.59%
Vertex Growth Fund II Pte. Ltd - - 4,10,697 24.59%
15.3.7 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series Z1 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Trifecta Venture Debt Fund-III - - 31,797 100.00%
15.3.8 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series E1 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - - 59,708 50.00%
Mr. Ranvir Singh - - 59,708 50.00%
15.3.9 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series Z2 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Trifecta Venture Debt Fund-III - - 25,068 100.00%
15.3.10 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series Z3 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Alteria Capital Fund III — Scheme A - - 17,840 80.00%
Alteria Capital Fund II — Scheme I - - 4,461 20.00%
223222 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 115]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
15.3.11 Details of shareholders holding more than 5% each Series Z4 compulsorily convertible 
preference shares
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
 % of Holding 
Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar - - 17,926 100.00%
15.4 Details of shares held by Promoters
15.4.1(a) Details of equity shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
equity shares  % of Holding  Number of 
equity shares  % of Holding 
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 1,74,93,894 14.73% 11,86,870 22.13%
Mr. Ranvir Singh 2,42,91,232 20.45% 16,71,139 31.16%
15.4.1(b) Percentage change in equity shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
 % change in Holding 
As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 47.40% 32.55%
Mr. Ranvir Singh 45.36% 21.12%
15.4.2(a) Details of Series A optionally convertible redeemable preference shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - - - -
Mr. Ranvir Singh - - - -
15.4.2(b) Percentage change in Series A optionally convertible redeemable preference shares held 
by promoters
Shareholder 
 % change in Holding 
As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - 100.00%
Mr. Ranvir Singh - 100.00%
15.4.3(a) Details of Series B optionally convertible redeemable preference shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - - - -
Mr. Ranvir Singh - - - -
15.4.3(b) Percentage change in Series B optionally convertible redeemable preference shares held 
by promoters
Shareholder 
 % change in Holding 
As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - 100.00%
Mr. Ranvir Singh - 100.00%
15.4.4(a) Details of Series E1 compulsorily convertible preference shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan - - 59,708 50.00%
Mr. Ranvir Singh - - 59,708 50.00%
15.4.4(b) Percentage change in Series E1 compulsorily convertible preference shares held by promoters
Shareholder 
 % change in Holding 
As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 100.00% -
Mr. Ranvir Singh 100.00% -
15.5  Details of shares issued for consideration other than cash for last 5 years immediately 
preceding 31 March, 2026
	 	The Group has allotted 53,778 shares of face value of ₹10, pursuant to service agreement with Mr. Sachin 
Ramesh Tendulkar against the services received by the Group.
15.6  Shares reserved for issue under contract/commitments for the sale of shares
	 	For details of shares reserved for issue under the employee stock option (ESOP) plan of the Group, please refer 
note 43.
Note 16 - Other equity
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Securities Premium 5,477.45 5,204.50
Share based Payment Reserve 1,700.30 1,430.56
Capital Redemption Reserve 0.06 0.06
Retained earnings 5,230.22 2,713.47
Special Reserve under section 45 IC of RBI Act, 1934 892.26 595.79
Capital reserve 8.77 8.77
TOTAL 13,309.06 9,953.15
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Securities premium account
Opening balance 5,204.50 5,170.50
Add: Additions during the year 272.95 39.83
(Less) : Deletions during the year - (5.83)
Closing balance 5,477.45 5,204.50
Share based Payment Reserve
Opening balance 1,430.56 1,055.64
Less: Options exercised during the year (21.53) -
Less: Transfer to retained earnings (2.08) (2.26)
Add : Additions during the year 293.35 377.18
Closing balance 1,700.30 1,430.56
Capital Redemption Reserve
Opening balance 0.06 0.06
Closing balance 0.06 0.06
225224 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 116]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Retained earnings
Opening balance 2,713.47 1,370.97
Add: Profit for the year 2,814.52 1,606.21
Add: Other comprehensive income for the year (3.38) (9.20)
Add: Transfer from share based payment reserve 2.08 2.26
Less: Transfer to special reserve under section 45 IC of RBI Act, 1934 (296.47) (256.77)
Closing balance 5,230.22 2,713.47
Special Reserve under section 45 IC of RBI Act, 1934
Opening balance 595.79 339.02
Add: Transfer from profit for the year 296.47 256.77
Closing balance 892.26 595.79
Capital Reserve
Opening balance 8.77 8.77
Add: Additions during the year - -
Closing balance 8.77 8.77
Nature and purpose of the reserves
1.  Securities premium
	 	Securities premium reserve is used to record the premium on issue of shares. The reserve can be utilised only for 
limited purposes such as issuance of bonus shares in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.
2.  Share based payment reserve
	 	The share-based payment reserve is used to recognise the value of equity-settled share-based payments 
provided to employees. Refer to Note 43 for further details of these plans.
3.  Capital redemption reserve
	 	The Group has recognised capital redemption reserve on conversion of cumulative compulsory convertible 
preference shares (CCPS) into Equity Shares.
4.  Retained earnings
	 	Retained earnings represent the amount of accumulated earnings of the Group.
5.   Special reserve under section 45 IC of RBI Act, 1934
	 	Special reserve is created as per the requirement of RBI at the rate of 20% of the profit after tax for the year. 
Transfer to special reserve in previous year is as per the audited financial statements of the previous year.
6.  Capital Reserve
	 	This reserve arises on consolidation when the Group’s share in the net identifiable assets of a subsidiary exceeds 
the consideration paid. The reserve is classified under “Other Equity” and is retained to reflect gains arising from 
consolidation adjustments.
Note 17 - Trade Payables
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Trade Payables
a)	 total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises* 464.24 78.68
b)	 total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises 584.18 443.30
Total 1,048.42 521.98
*Refer note no. 32 for MSME disclosure
Trade Payables Aging schedule
Particulars
 Outstanding as on March 31, 2026 from the due date of payment 
Unbilled  Less than 
1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years  Total 
i)	 	MSME 296.68 167.56 - - - 464.24
ii)	 	Others 247.46 336.72 - - - 584.18
iii)	 	Disputed Dues - MSME - - - - - -
iv)	 	Disputed Dues - Others - - - - - -
Particulars
 Outstanding as on March 31, 2025 from the due date of payment 
Unbilled Less than 
1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 
3 years  Total 
i)	 MSME - 78.68 - - - 78.68
ii)	 Others 224.91 216.52 1.87 - - 443.30
iii)	 Disputed Dues - MSME - - - - - -
iv)	 Disputed Dues - Others - - - - - -
Note 18 - Debt securities 
Particulars
Non-current Current
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
At amortised cost
Non-convertible debentures (Secured) 5,010.48 2,016.63 7,882.77 3,117.52
Commercial paper (unsecured) - - 145.08 -
Total (A) 5,010.48 2,016.63 8,027.85 3,117.52
Debt securities in India 5,010.48 2,016.63 8,027.85 3,117.52
Debt securities outside India - - - -
Total (B) 5,010.48 2,016.63 8,027.85 3,117.52
i) The Details of non-convertible redeemable debentures (NCD’s) are as under:-
As at 31 March 2026
Particulars  Date of
Redemption  Rate of Interest  Earliest Put/ Call 
Option date 
 As at 
31 March 2026 
1,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 10-Apr-26 11.70% - 100.36
4,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 10-Apr-26 11.70% - 401.45
2,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 10-Apr-26 11.70% - 250.91
400 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 31-May-26 13.75% - 33.33
4,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 23-Aug-26 10.40% - 442.74
2,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 23-Aug-26 10.40% - 246.10
3,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 30-Aug-26 13.50% - 298.88
2,600 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 27-Sep-26 12.50% - 86.39
2,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 27-Sep-26 13.55% - 254.13
3,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 01-Oct-26 10.40% - 292.26
5,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 17-Nov-26 12.28% - 332.45
7,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 13-Dec-26 12.28% - 561.24
3,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 30-Dec-26 13.75% - 198.64
500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 30-Dec-26 13.75% - 33.13
6,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 31-Dec-26 12.00% - 386.26
3,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 31-Dec-26 12.00% - 208.17
4,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 31-Dec-26 12.50% - 296.94
227226 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 117]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars  Date of
Redemption  Rate of Interest  Earliest Put/ Call 
Option date 
 As at 
31 March 2026 
1,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 13-Mar-27 13.75% - 99.40
6,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 13-Mar-27 13.75% - 396.85
1,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 13-Mar-27 13.75% - 65.61
1,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 01-Apr-27 13.80% - 56.03
6,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 01-Apr-27 13.80% - 224.14
2,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 21-Apr-27 12.82% - 207.47
5,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 22-Apr-27 11.00% - 497.24
1,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 22-Apr-27 11.00% - 99.56
3,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 22-Apr-27 11.00% - 298.69
1,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 30-Apr-27 13.00% - 99.10
3,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 30-Jun-27 13.00% - 249.07
2,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 23-Jul-27 13.00% - 197.65
12,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 28-Jul-27 12.50% - 1,249.01
250 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 31-Jul-27 13.75% - 173.02
250 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 31-Jul-27 13.75% - 173.02
250 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 31-Jul-27 13.75% - 173.02
250 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 31-Jul-27 13.75% - 173.02
2500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 08-Aug-27 13.75% - 246.05
4,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 31-Aug-27 11.00% - 390.60
500 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 31-Dec-27 13.75% - 453.43
15,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 07-Jul-28 10.00% - 1,484.70
10,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 07-Apr-29 10.00% - 986.29
5,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 17-Apr-29 12.00% - 476.90
Total 12,893.25
As at 31 March 2025
Particulars  Date of
Redemption  Rate of Interest  Earliest Put/ Call 
Option date 
 As at 
31 March 2026 
1,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 14-May-25 10.40%  -  99.50 
3,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 03-Jul-25 13.40%  -  77.18 
3,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 10-Jul-25 10.40%  -  297.16 
3,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 03-Aug-25 10.40%  -  295.08 
2,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 17-Aug-25 10.40%  -  246.18 
150 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 30-Sep-25 13.85%  -  74.85 
2,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 10-Nov-25 10.50%  -  195.73 
290 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 30-Dec-25 13.90%  -  216.68 
2,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 08-Jan-26 11.70%  -  196.24 
2,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 27-Jan-26 11.70%  -  195.19 
2,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 02-Mar-26 12.95%  -  226.00 
600 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 31-Mar-26 13.75%  -  299.47 
7,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 10-Apr-26 11.70%  -  728.73 
400 NCD's of ₹10,00,000/- each 31-May-26 13.75%  -  232.82 
7,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 23-Aug-26 10.40%  -  658.37 
2,600 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 27-Sep-26 12.50%  -  257.38 
3,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 01-Oct-26 10.40%  -  279.13 
1,500 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 01-Apr-27 13.80%  -  112.50 
6,000 NCD's of ₹1,00,000/- each 01-Apr-27 13.80%  -  445.96 
Total  5,134.15 
ii)  The Details of Commercial paper (Unsecured): 
Original maturity of loan Interest range Residual maturity 
period 
As at 
31 March 2026 
As at 
31 March 2025 
Payable on maturity 12.60% to 12.86% Within 1 year 150.00 -
Total 150.00 -
EIR adjustment (4.92) -
Total after EIR Adjustment 145.08 -
A.  Nature of security
1)	 	All non-convertible debentures are secured by way of exclusive and continuing charge by the way of hypothecation 
on receivables and other assets to cover the amount of outstanding loan facility amount as stated in respective 
loan agreements.
2)	 	Non-convertible debentures of ₹ 13,007 .59 million (March 31, 2025: ₹5,140.00 million) are secured by corporate 
guarantee provided by the Holding Company.(Refer note 36).
B.  Other information
1)	 	The Group has not defaulted in the repayment of dues to its lenders.
2)	 	The Group has utilised the debt securities for the purpose for which it was obtained.
Note 19- Borrowings (other than debt securities)
Particulars
Non-current Current
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
At Amortised Cost - Secured
Term loan from Banks 1,034.84 108.38 3,378.51 1,443.87
Working capital demand loan - - 301.40 301.49
Overdraft facilities with banks - - - 88.93
Term loan from financial institutions 95.41 54.97 4,133.19 4,941.59
Securitisation liabilities 144.99 513.11 1,834.35 2,489.32
Total (A) 1,275.24 676.46 9,647.45 9,265.20
Borrowings in India 1,275.24 676.46 9,647.45 9,265.20
Borrowings outside India - - - -
Total (B) 1,275.24 676.46 9,647.45 9,265.20
Note 19.1 Details of borrowings (other than debt securities) 
a)  Details on term loans from banks (Secured) 
 Repayment Terms Interest rate Residual maturity 
period 
 As at 
31 March 2026 
 As at 
31 March 2025 
Monthly repayment schedule 9.85% to 13.50% Upto 1 year 3,378.51 1,443.87
1 to 3 years 1,085.40 114.60
Total 4,463.91 1,558.47
EIR adjustment (50.56) (6.22)
Total after EIR Adjustment 4,413.35 1,552.25
b)  Details of working capital demand loan & overdraft facility (Secured)
 Repayment Terms Interest rate Residual maturity 
period 
 As at 
31 March 2026 
 As at 
31 March 2025 
 Payable on maturity 11.00%  Within 1 year  301.40  390.42 
Total  301.40  390.42 
229228 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 118]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
c)  Details on term loans from financial institutions (Secured) 
 Repayment Terms Interest rate Residual maturity 
period 
 As at 
31 March 2026 
 As at 
31 March 2025 
Monthly repayment schedule 12.50% to 14.25%  Upto 1 year 4,133.20 4,941.59
 1 to 3 years 113.29 95.50
Total 4,246.49 5,037.09
EIR adjustment (17.89) (40.53)
Total after EIR Adjustment 4,228.60 4,996.56
A.  Nature of security provided towards the above loan
1.	 	All term loans and working capital demand loans are secured by way of exclusive and continuing charge by the 
way of hypothecation on loan asset receivables and other assets.
2.	 	All term loans and working capital demand loans of ₹8,974.47 million (March 31, 2025: ₹7 ,077 .64 million) are 
secured by corporate guarantee issued by the Holding Company. (Refer Note: 36).
B.  Other information
1)	 	The Group has not defaulted in the repayment of dues to its lenders.
2)	 	The Group has obtained and utilised the borrowings for business purpose only.
3)	 	The rates mentioned above are applicable rates as at year end.
d)  Details on liability against securitised assets (Secured)
 Repayment Terms Interest rate Residual maturity 
period 
 As at 
31 March 2026 
 As at 
31 March 2025 
 Monthly repayment schedule  11.75% to 12.35%  Upto 1 year 1,834.35 2,489.32
 1 to 3 years 154.98 539.55
Total 1,989.33 3,028.87
EIR adjustment (9.99) (26.43)
Total after EIR Adjustment 1,979.34 3,002.44
A.  Nature of Security
1)	 Secured by way of specific / pari passu charge on loan assets of the Group.
B.  Other Information
1)	 	The Group has not defaulted in the repayment of dues to its lenders.
2)	 	Liability against securitised assets represents the net outstanding value (Net of Investment in Passthrough 
Certificates) of the proceeds received by the Group from securitisation trust in respect of loan assets transferred 
by the Group pursuant to Deed of Assignment.
3)	 	The Group has provided Credit enhancement to the trust by way of cash collateral.
4)	 	The Group has utilised the borrowings for the purpose for which it was obtained.
Note 20- Other financial liabilities
Particulars
Non-current Current
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
Provision on off balance sheet exposure - 473.84 304.17
Other Payables - - 176.28 163.75
Provision for IPO related expenses - - 15.28 -
Payable on account of assignment - - 50.67 29.94
Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference Shares 
(OCRPS)* 
- 0.05 - -
Total - 0.05 716.07 497.86
*Details of shareholding of Series Z1 optionally convertible redeemable preference shares (OCRPS)
Shareholder 
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
 Number of 
preference 
shares* 
% of Holding*
 Number of 
preference 
shares 
% of Holding
Innoven Capital India Private Limited - 0% 45,021 100.00%
*Consequent to the conversion, the Series Z1 OCRPS stand extinguished and the corresponding equity shares have been issued and 
allotted in accordance with the applicable terms and approvals.
Terms/rights attached to Series Z1 OCRPS
The Group has issued 0.001% Optionally Convertible Redeemable Preference shares (“OCRPS”) of face value ₹10 
per share, as fully paid in current year (Previous year: ₹1 partly paid) aggregating to ₹45,021 which are convertible 
into equity shares upon happening of the following two events with conversion ratio of 1:1.
i.	 at the election of the Series holder; or
ii.	 	upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event.(expiry after 8 years)
The Series Z1 OCRPS have been converted into equity shares at a conversion ratio of 1:10 pursuant to the option 
exercised by the Series Z1 OCRPS holder and pursuant to the split of shares of the Company approved in the Board 
of Directors meeting held on July 8, 2025.
Note 21 - Provisions 
Particulars
Non-current Current
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
Provision for Gratuity 71.83 52.65 11.18 8.63
Provision for Leave Encashment 42.47 26.18 12.48 7.39
Total 114.30 78.83 23.66 16.02
Note 22 - Other Non current/current liabilities 
Particulars
Non-current Current
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
Statutory dues payable - - 207.40 192.08
Total - - 207.40 192.08
Note 23 - Revenue from operations - Sale of Service
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Interest on loans 12,725.58 9,943.06
Sourcing and servicing fees 5,793.65 2,381.90
Marketing and commission income 157.42 70.83
Insurance commission and rewards 693.95 34.42
Other fees and charges 2,421.86 944.44
Total 21,792.46 13,374.65
231230 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 119]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 24 - Other income
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Interest on bank deposits 170.12 111.28
Net gain on sale of fixed assets 0.32 1.36
Interest income on security deposits 9.24 7.96
Net fair value gain or loss on financials assets measured at FVTPL 0.18 -
Profit on derecognition of loan assets 89.70 20.30
Gain on modification/termination of lease 15.82 10.68
Interest on Investment 10.55 -
Miscellaneous income 2.90 0.65
Total 298.83 152.23
Note 25- Employee benefit expenses
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Salaries, wages & allowances 2,044.49 1,428.41
Contribution to provident fund & other funds (refer note 33) 51.01 29.08
Gratuity expense (refer note 33) 23.31 18.37
Leave encashment (refer note 33) 31.38 20.27
Employee share based payments (refer note 43) 293.35 377.18
Staff welfare expenses 81.07 59.05
Total 2,524.61 1,932.36
Note 26 - Impairment on financial instruments
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
On financial instruments measured at amortised cost:
Expected credit loss against standard assets & NPA 500.95 (1,111.48)
Expected credit loss against standard assets 495.27 (1,652.04)
Expected credit loss against non performing assets 5.68 540.56
Financials assets written off 4,087.41 4,379.82
Total 4,588.36 3,268.34
Note 27 - Finance costs
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Interest on debt securities 1,235.02 555.97
Interest on borrowings (other than debt securities) 1,162.12 785.90
Interest on statutory dues 0.16 4.56
Other finance cost 370.12 240.25
Interest expenses on lease liability (refer note 5b) 55.09 57.34
Total 2,822.51 1,644.02
Note 28 - Depreciation & Amortization
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Depreciation on property, plant & equipment (refer note 4a) 32.41 37.66
Depreciation on right of use assets (refer note 5b) 178.58 180.81
Amortisation of intangible assets (refer note 4a) 5.18 8.55
Total 216.17 227.02
Note 29 - Other expenses
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Rent 53.80 27.14
Rates & taxes 32.02 57.56
Electricity expenses 16.10 12.93
Travelling expenses 32.89 16.86
Repair & maintenance 63.76 76.14
Bank and payment gateway charges 142.65 100.74
Server & communication cost 518.38 440.97
Business support service expenses 62.00 64.76
Outsourcing and back office expenses 2,290.52 1,501.45
Branding and marketing expenses 2,586.96 957.74
Cibil and other verification expenses 443.19 248.50
Expenses towards CSR (refer note 37) 38.86 26.37
Legal & Professional charges 198.78 81.67
Director's sitting fees 17.00 7.79
Auditors' remuneration (refer note*) 5.00 5.11
Impairment allowances on trade receivables(Net) (4.07) 8.18
Expected credit loss on off balance sheet exposure 1,546.85 619.22
Net loss on foreign currency transaction 0.52 0.70
Net gain/loss on sale of fixed assets 0.36 -
Credit Guarantee fees 19.93 -
Office & miscellaneous expenses 107.30 38.67
Total 8,172.80 4,292.50
*Breakup of Auditors’ remuneration
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Statutory Audit 4.90 4.91
Tax audit 0.10 0.10
GST Audit - 0.10
Certification charges - -
Out of pocket expenses - -
Other Services* 5.00 -
Total 10.00 5.11
*Other services includes ₹5.00 million as auditor remuneration towards certification and other professional services related to the public 
issue of equity shares. This amount has been included under Note 13: Deferred Expenses in Other Non-Current Assets.
Note 30 - Tax Expense
a. The components of tax expense
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Current tax 1,284.10 379.37
Deferred tax (332.85) 159.14
(Excess)/Short provision of tax for earlier years 1.07 17.92
Total tax expense 952.32 556.43
233232 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 120]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
b.  Reconciliation of the total tax expense
	 	The tax charge shown in the statement of profit and loss differs from the tax charge that would apply if all profits 
had been charged at India corporate tax rate. A reconciliation between the tax expense and the accounting profit 
multiplied by India’s corporate tax rate for the year ended 31 March 2026 and year ended 31 March 2025, is, 
as follows:
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Accounting profit before tax  3,766.84  2,162.64 
Applicable tax rate 25.17% 25.17%
Computed tax expense  948.04  544.29 
Tax effect of :
Permanent differences  (9.78)  (6.64)
(Excess)/Short provision of earlier years  1.07  17.92 
Others  12.99  0.86 
Tax expenses recognised in the statement of profit and loss  952.32  556.43 
Effective tax rate 25.28% 25.73%
c. Movement in deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
Particulars As at 
31 March 2025
Statement of 
Profit and Loss OCI As at
31 March 2026
Deferred tax asset 
Payments as per section 43B (Gratuity & Leave Encashment) 23.87 9.71 1.14 34.72
Lease arrangements accounted as ROU assets & lease liabilities 14.57 (3.26) - 11.31
Amortisation of processing fees and transaction cost as per Ind AS 
109
286.40 215.11 - 501.51
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other 
intangible assets
- 1.71 - 1.71
Provision for business correspondent arrangements 35.90 59.13 - 95.03
Expected credit loss on financial assets 825.84 71.27 - 897.11
1,186.58 353.67 1.14 1,541.39
Deferred tax liability
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other 
intangible assets
5.79 (5.79) - -
Fair value Gain/loss on FVTPL instruments - 0.11 - 0.11
Deferment of upfront EIS and servicing obligation recorded under 
assignment
1.24 5.76 - 7.00
Unamortised fees on borrowings 52.25 20.74 - 72.99
59.28 20.82 - 80.10
Net Deferred tax asset/(liability) 1,127.30 332.85 1.14 1,461.29
Particulars As at 
31 March 2024
Statement of 
profit and loss OCI As at 
31 March 2025
Deferred tax asset 
Payments as per section 43B (Gratuity & Leave Encashment) 15.91 4.86 3.10 23.87
Lease arrangements accounted as ROU assets & lease liabilities 15.40 (0.83) - 14.57
Amortisation of processing fees and transaction cost as per Ind AS 
109
148.33 138.07 - 286.40
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other 
intangible assets
3.79 (3.79) - -
Provision for business correspondent arrangements - 35.90 - 35.90
Expected credit loss on financial assets 1,112.88 (287.03) - 825.84
1,296.31 (112.82) 3.10 1,186.58
Deferred tax liability
Differences in depreciation and amortisation on PPE & other 
intangible assets
- 5.79 - 5.79
Deferment of upfront EIS and servicing obligation recorded under 
assignment
- 1.24 - 1.24
Unamortised fees on borrowings 12.96 39.29 - 52.25
12.96 46.32 - 59.28
Net Deferred tax asset/(liability) 1,283.35 (159.14) 3.10 1,127.30
Note
The ultimate parent entity and its subsidiary are incorporated in India. Based on the assessment performed, the 
consolidated revenue of the Group does not exceed the threshold of EUR 750 million prescribed under the OECD 
Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion (GloBE) Rules. Accordingly, the Group is not within the scope of such rules and no 
material Pillar Two tax exposure has been identified as at the reporting date.
Note 31 - Earnings per share
Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the Group by the weighted 
average number of equity shares outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Group by the weighted average 
number of equity shares outstanding during the year plus the weighted average number of equity shares that would 
be issued on conversion of all the dilutive potential equity shares into equity shares of the Group.
i) The following data reflects computation of basic and diluted EPS:
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Basic
Profit after tax (₹) 2,814.52 1,606.21
Weighted average number of equity shares outstanding 6,01,37,678 4,85,36,379
Basic EPS (₹) 46.80 33.09
Diluted
Profit after tax (₹) 2,814.52 1,606.21
Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted EPS 13,16,06,735 12,55,78,149
Diluted EPS (₹) 21.39 12.79
Face value per share (₹) 1.00 1.00
ii)	 	Additionally, Earnings per share (EPS) without giving effect to the share split approved by the Board of Directors 
at its meeting held on July 8, 2025 which have been computed as the number of shares and EPS for the previous 
year, as presented in the table below.
235234 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 121]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2025
Basic
Profit after tax (₹) 1,606.21
Weighted average no. of equity shares outstanding 48,53,638
Basic EPS (₹) (Pre Split) 330.93
Diluted
Profit after tax (₹) 1,606.21
Weighted average number of shares outstanding for diluted EPS 1,25,57,815
Diluted EPS (₹) (Pre Split) 127.91
Face value per share (₹) (Pre Split) 10.00
Note 32 - Details of dues to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises
Based on the information available with the Group, few of the vendors are registered under the Micro, Small and 
Medium Enterprises Development Act, 2006 and hence disclosure relating to amounts unpaid as at the year end 
under this Act has been given. There are no Micro and Small Enterprises, to whom the Group owes dues, which are 
outstanding for more than 45 days as at year end.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
a)	 	Principal amount due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the year end. 464.24 78.68
b)	 	Interest amount due thereon remaining unpaid to any supplier as at the year end. - -
c)	 	Amount of interest paid by the buyer in terms of section 16 of the MSMED Act, 2006 along 
with the amounts of the payment made to the supplier beyond the appointed day during year. 
- -
d)	 	Amount of interest due and payable for the period of delay in making payment (which have 
been paid but beyond the appointed day during the year) but without adding the interest 
specified under the MSMED Act, 2006. 
- -
e)	 	Amount of interest accrued and remaining unpaid at year end. - -
f)	 	Amount of further interest remaining due and payable even in succeeding years, until 
such date when the interest dues as above are actually paid to the small enterprise for the 
purpose of disallowance as a deductible. 
- -
Note: The management has identified micro and small enterprises as defined under Micro, Small and Medium 
Enterprises Development Act, 2006 (MSMED) on the basis of information made available by the supplier or vendors 
of the Group.
Note 33 - Employee benefit obligations
a) Defined Contribution Plan
	 	The Group makes contributions, determined as a specified percentage of employee salaries, in respect of 
qualifying employees towards provident fund and other funds which are defined contribution plans. The Group 
has no obligations other than this to make the specified contributions. The contributions are charged to the 
Statement of Profit and Loss as they accrue. The Group makes Provident Fund, Employee State Insurance 
Scheme and Maharashtra Labour Welfare Fund contributions which are defined contribution plans for qualifying 
employees. Under the Schemes, the Group is required to contribute a specified percentage of the payroll costs 
to fund the benefits. The Group recognized ₹51.01 million (31 March 2025: ₹29.08 million) for Provident Fund 
contributions, Employee State Insurance Scheme and Maharashtra Labour Welfare Fund. The contributions 
payable to these plans by the Group are at rates specified in the rules of the Schemes.
b) Defined benefit plans
	 	The Group has a unfunded defined benefit gratuity plan in India. The Group’s defined benefit gratuity plan is a 
final salary plan for India employees, which requires contributions to be made to a separately administered fund. 
The gratuity plan is governed by the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 and new Labour codes. The level of benefits 
provided depends on the member’s length of service and salary at retirement age.
	 	The following tables summarise the components of net benefit expense recognised in the statement of profit or 
loss and the funded status and amounts recognised in the balance sheet for the respective plans:
i) Amount recognised in the balance sheet is as under
Particulars Present value of 
obligation
Fair value of plan 
assets Net amount
As at 01 April 2024 43.45 - 43.45
Current service cost 15.22 - 15.22
Interest expense/(income) 3.15 - 3.15
Return on plan assets - - -
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising from change in financial assumptions 0.49 - 0.49
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising on account of experience changes 11.81 - 11.81
Employer contributions - - -
Benefit payments (12.84) - (12.84)
As at 31 March 2025 61.28 - 61.28
Current service cost 18.42 - 18.43
Interest expense/(income) 4.89 - 4.89
Return on plan assets - - -
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising from change in financial assumptions (0.91) - (0.91)
Actuarial loss / (gain) arising on account of experience changes 5.44 - 5.44
Employer contributions - - -
Benefit payments (6.11) - (6.11)
As at 31 March 2026 83.01 - 83.01
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Present value of plan liabilities 83.01 61.28
Fair value of plan assets - -
Plan liability net of plan assets 83.01 61.28
ii) Amount recognised in the Statement of profit and loss
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Employee Benefit Expenses:
Current service cost 18.42 15.22
Finance cost 4.89 3.15
Net impact on the profit before tax 23.31 18.37
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability:
Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest expense/income - -
Actuarial gains/(losses) arising from changes in financial assumptions (0.91) (0.49)
Actuarial gains/(losses) arising from changes in experience 5.44 (11.81)
Net impact on the other comprehensive income before tax 4.53 (12.30)
iii) Actuarial assumptions
	 	With the objective of presenting the plan assets and plan liabilities of the defined benefits plans and post 
retirement medical benefits at their fair value on the balance sheet, assumptions under Ind AS 19 are set by 
reference to market conditions at the valuation date.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Discount rate 7.75% 7.00%
Retirement Age 58.00 58.00
Attrition / withdrawal rate 20.00% 20.00%
Salary escalation rate* 5.00% 5.00%
* takes into account the inflation, seniority, promotions and other relevant factors
237236 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 122]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
iv) Demographic assumptions
	 	Mortality rate during employment: Indian Assured Lives Mortality (IALM): 2012-14
v) Sensitivity
Particulars
Non-current
As at
 31 March 2026
As at
 31 March 2025
Delta effect of +1% change in rate of discounting  3.30  2.51 
Delta effect of -1% change in rate of discounting  (3.58)  (2.74)
Delta effect of +1% change in rate of salary increase  (3.64)  (2.76)
Delta effect of -1% change in rate of salary increase  3.41  2.58 
Delta effect of +1% change in withdrawal rate  0.48  0.39 
Delta effect of -1% change in withdrawal rate  (0.46)  (0.38)
The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. 
In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the 
sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions, the same method (present value of 
the defined benefit obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting year) has 
been applied as when calculating the defined benefit liability recognised in the balance sheet.
The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change compared to the 
prior year.
vi) Maturity
	 The defined benefit obligations shall mature after year end as follows:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
1st Following Year 11.19 8.63
2nd Following Year 4.34 2.98
3rd Following Year 4.70 3.46
4th Following Year 4.82 3.49
5th Following Year 4.77 3.44
6th Following Year & onwards 53.19 39.27
The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation is 21 years (March’25 - 22 years)
Current/Non Current liability
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Current liability (short term) 11.18 8.63
Non Current liability (long term) 71.83 52.65
Total liability 83.01 61.28
b) Compensated absences
i) Amount recognised in the balance sheet is as under
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Present value of the obligation at the beginning of the year 33.57 19.59
Current service cost 21.16 15.10
Interest Cost 2.97 0.89
Benefits paid (if any) (10.01) (6.28)
Actuarial (gain)/loss 7.26 4.27
Present value of the obligation at the end of the year 54.95 33.57
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Present value of the obligation at the end of the year 54.95 33.57
Fair value of plan assets at end of year - -
Net liability/(asset) recognized in balance sheet and related analysis 54.95 33.57
ii) Actuarial assumptions
	 	With the objective of presenting the plan assets and plan liabilities of the defined benefits plans and post 
retirement medical benefits at their fair value on the balance sheet, assumptions under Ind AS 19 are set by 
reference to market conditions at the valuation date.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Discount rate 7.75% 7.00%
Mortality IALM2012-14 IALM2012-14
Attrition / Withdrawal rate 20.00% 20.00%
Salary escalation rate* 5.00% 5.00%
* takes into account the inflation, seniority, promotions and other relevant factors
iii) Sensitivity
Particulars
 Impact on defined benefit obligation
As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Delta effect of +1% change in rate of discounting 2.18 1.37
Delta effect of -1% change in rate of discounting (2.37) (1.51)
Delta effect of +1% change in rate of salary increase (2.41) (1.52)
Delta effect of -1% change in rate of salary increase 2.25 1.41
Delta effect of +1% change in withdrawal rate (0.29) (0.14)
Delta effect of -1% change in withdrawal rate 0.30 0.13
The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. 
In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the 
sensitivity of the defined benefit obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the, same method (present value of 
the defined benefit obligation calculated with the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting year) has 
been applied as when calculating the defined benefit liability recognised in the balance sheet.
iv) Current/Non Current liability
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Current liability (short term) 12.48 7.39
Non Current liability (long term) 42.47 26.18
Total liability 54.95 33.57
239238 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 123]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 34 - Maturity analysis of assets and liabilities
The table below shows an analysis of assets and liabilities analysed according to when they are expected to be 
recovered or settled.
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
Within 
12 months
After 
12 months Total Within 
12 months
After 
12 months Total
ASSETS
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents 2,094.56 - 2,094.56 1,327.23 - 1,327.23
Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents 
above
317.54 - 317.54 117.70 - 117.70
Trade receivables 1,042.97 - 1,042.97 700.77 - 700.77
Investments 80.45 - 80.45 - - -
Loans (Net of ECL) 26,386.15 5,507.31 31,893.46 18,769.42 2,808.02 21,577.44
Other Financial assets 1,119.89 984.79 2,104.68 581.78 884.82 1,466.60
Non-financial assets
Deferred tax assets (Net) - 1,461.29 1,461.29 - 1,127.30 1,127.30
Property, plant and equipment - 73.61 73.61 - 62.56 62.56
Right of use asset - 304.82 304.82 - 454.23 454.23
Intangible assets under development - 62.96 62.96 - 47.79 47.79
Other Intangible assets - 51.68 51.68 - 13.16 13.16
Other current assets 209.67 - 209.67 116.26 - 116.26
Other Non Current assets - 188.03 188.03 - - -
Total assets 31,251.23 8,634.49 39,885.72 21,613.16 5,397.88 27,011.04
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities
Trade payables
(i)	 	Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises 
and small enterprises
464.24 - 464.24 78.68 - 78.68
(ii)	 	Total outstanding dues of creditors other than 
micro enterprises and small enterprises
584.18 - 584.18 443.30 - 443.30
Debt securities 8,027.85 5,010.48 13,038.33 3,117.52 2,016.63 5,134.15
Borrowings (other than debt securities) 9,647.45 1,275.24 10,922.69 9,265.20 676.46 9,941.66
Lease Liabilities 148.96 181.30 330.26 161.81 325.91 487.71
Other financial liabilities 716.07 - 716.07 497.86 0.05 497.90
Non-financial liabilities
Current tax liabilities (Net) 56.75 - 56.75 80.75 - 80.75
Provisions 23.66 114.30 137.96 16.02 78.83 94.86
Other current liabilities 207.40 - 207.40 192.08 - 192.08
Total Liability 19,876.56 6,581.32 26,457.88 13,853.22 3,097.88 16,951.10
Net 11,374.67 2,053.17 13,427.84 7,759.94 2,300.00 10,059.94
Note 35 - Capital management
The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management policies are to ensure that the Group complies with 
externally imposed capital requirements and maintains strong credit ratings and healthy capital ratios in order to 
support its business and to maximise shareholder value.
The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it according to changes in economic conditions 
and the risk characteristics of its activities. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust 
the amount of dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue capital securities. No changes 
have been made to the objectives, policies and processes from the previous years. However, they are under constant 
review by the Board.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Equity share capital 118.78 106.79
Other Equity 13,309.06 9,953.15
Total Equity 13,427.84 10,059.94
Total Borrowings 23,961.02 15,075.81
Debt to Equity ratio 1.78 1.50
Note 36 - Contingent Liabilities & Commitments
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Contingent liabilities
Accrued dividend on compulsorily cumulative convertible preference shares - 0.10
Income tax under Appeals (A.Y. 2022-23) 4.93 4.93
Income tax under Appeals (A.Y. 2019-20) 47.06 47.06
Income tax demand (A.Y. 2020-21) 0.84 -
Income tax demand (A.Y. 2024-25) 18.63 -
GST under Appeals (A.Y. 2021-22)* 64.68 64.68
GST under Appeals (A.Y. 2022-23)* 15.17 -
GST demand under assessment (AY 2024-25) 39.34 -
GST demand under assessment (AY 2025-26) 16.75 -
Guarantee given pursuant to business correspondent arrangements 825.49 452.57
Capital commitments
Loans sanctioned but not disbursed 12.39 75.85
*The Group has filed an appeal against the tax demand raised by the authorities and has paid ₹3.79 million under protest at the time of filing 
the appeal.
Note: The Holding Company has provided corporate guarantees amounting to ₹21,982.06 million as at 31 March 
2026 (as at 31 March 2025- ₹12,217 .64 million) in respect of borrowings availed by subsidiary, which are recognised 
in the consolidated financial statements.
241240 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 124]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 37 - Corporate social responsibility (CSR) expenses:
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Gross amount required to be spent by the Group during the year as per section 135 of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
38.86 26.37
Amount spent during the year on: 
(i)	 Construction / acquisition of any assets - -
(ii)	 On purposes other than (i) above 38.86 26.37
Total 38.86 26.37
Notes:
1)	 	The Group has not made any transaction with related parties in relation to CSR expenditure as per Ind AS 24.
2)	 	There is no shortfall at the end of year out of the amount required to be spent by the Group.
3)	 	The Group CSR initiatives are strategically directed towards -
	 i)	 	Areas of skilling for employment programme wherein they have engaged apprentices under the National 
Apprenticeship Promotion Scheme (NAPS).
	 ii)	 Promoting healthcare & education.
4)	 	There is no excess CSR expenditure under Section 135(5) as at the year ended 31 st M a r c h  2 0 2 6  a n d  3 1st 
March 2025.
Note 38 - Related Party Disclosures:
(a)  Related party disclosures as required by Ind AS 24 - Related Party Disclosures.
List of related parties and relationships:
Nature of Relationship Name of Related Parties
Key Management Personnel (KMP) Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan (Chief Financial Officer & Director)
Mr. Ranvir Singh (Chief Executive Officer & Director)
Mr. Amit Gupta (Chief Financial Officer) (w.e.f. 20th August 2024 upto 17th July 2025)
Ms. Devangi Singh (Company Secretary, Ceased Office w.e.f. 17th May 2024)
Ms. Shraddha Patangia (Company Secretary, w.e.f. 20th August 2024)
Subsidiary Company Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited 
Independent Directors Mr. Alok Bansal (w.e.f. 16th June, 2025)
Ms. Sangeeta Tanwani (w.e.f. 16th June, 2025)
Mr. Atul Bheda (w.e.f 08th July, 2025, Ceased Office w.e.f. 26th November, 2025)
Mr. Yogesh Chadha (w.e.f. 2nd December, 2025)
Nominee Director Mr. Piyush Kharbanda (w.e.f. 26th December, 2018)
(b)  Transactions & Balance with related parties
Name of Key Management Personnel
Short-term employee 
benefits
Post-employment 
benefits
Other long-term 
benefits Share-based payment
2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25 2025-26 2024-25
Remuneration including 
perquisites
Mr. Krishnan Vishwanathan 25.00 15.00 - - - - - -
Mr. Ranvir Singh 25.00 15.00 - - - - - -
Mr. Amit Gupta 3.87 9.30 - - - - - -
Ms. Devangi Singh - 0.23 - - - - - -
Ms. Shraddha Patangia 1.59 0.84 - - - - - -
Director Sitting fees and 
Commission (Independent 
Director)*
Mrs. Sangeeta Tanwani 4.20 - - - - - - -
Mr. Alok Bansal 3.90 - - - - - - -
Mr. Atul Bheda 3.70 - - - - - - -
Mr. Yogesh Chadha 2.20 - - - - - - -
Employee share based payment 
to KMP
Mr. Amit Gupta - - - - - - - 13.93
Notes:
1)	 	Directors Sitting fees and Commission includes ₹1.00 million Sitting fees paid to Independent directors related 
to the public issue of equity shares. This amount has been included under Note 13: Deferred Expenses in Other 
Non-Current Assets.
2)	 	Transactions shown above are excluding GST, if any.
3)	 	Managerial remuneration excludes provisions for gratuity and compensated absences, as these are determined 
on an actuarial basis for the Group as a whole. The remuneration includes director sitting fees and commission, 
wherever applicable.
4)	 	Transactions with related parties are carried out in the normal course of business and at standard market rates 
on an arm’s length basis.
5)	 	During the financial year, there were no transactions entered into by the Group with any entity in which the Key 
Management Personnel (KMP) or their relatives exercised significant influence.
6)	 	The Group has not engaged in any transactions with the relatives of its KMP during the financial year.
7)	 	The Group has not engaged in any transactions pertaining to loans, advances or investments with companies 
in which the director’s have a vested interest. Hence, the disclosure pursuant to Schedule V of Clause A.2 of 
Regulation 34 (3) and Regulation 53(f) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 are not applicable to the Group.
243242 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 125]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 39 - Fair Value Measurement
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2025
FVTPL Amortised Cost FVTPL Amortised Cost
Financial Asset
Trade receivables - 1,042.97 - 700.77
Cash and cash equivalents - 2,094.56 - 1,327.23
Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents above - 317.54 - 117.70
Investments 80.45 - - -
Loans - 31,893.46 - 21,577.44
Other financial assets - 2,104.68 - 1,466.61
Total Financial Assets 80.45 37,453.21 - 25,189.75
Financial Liability
Debt securities - 13,038.33 - 5,134.15
Borrowings (other than debt securities) - 10,922.69 - 9,941.66
Trade payables - 1,048.42 - 521.99
Lease liabilities - 330.26 - 487.71
Other financial liabilities - 716.07 - 497.89
Total Financial Liabilities - 26,055.77 - 16,583.40
Valuation Principle
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction in the 
principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date under current market conditions (i.e., an exit price), 
regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using a valuation technique.
Fair value Hierarchy
This section explains the judgments and estimates made in determining the fair value of the financial instrument 
that are (a) recognized and measured at fair value and (b) measured at amortised cost and for which fair values are 
disclosed in the financial statements. To provide an indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair 
value, the Group has classified its financial instruments into three levels prescribed under the accounting standard. 
The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of the financial instruments by 
valuation techniques:
Level 1: Level 1 hierarchy includes financial instruments measured using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets 
that the Group has the ability to access for the identical assets or liabilities. A financial instrument is classified as a 
Level 1 measurement if it is listed on an exchange. This includes listed equity instruments, traded bonds and mutual 
funds that have quoted price. The fair value of all equity instruments which are traded in the stock exchanges are 
valued using the closing price as at the reporting period. The mutual funds are valued at the closing NAV.
Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in active markets is determined using valuation 
techniques which maximize the use of observable market data either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices 
for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument but do not 
qualify as Level 1 inputs. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable the instrument is 
included in level 2.
Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based in observable market data, the instruments is included in 
level 3. That is, Level 3 inputs incorporate market participants’ assumptions about risk and the risk premium required 
by market participants in order to bear that risk. The Group develops Level 3 inputs based on the best information 
available in the circumstances.
As at 31 March 2026
Particulars Note Carrying amount
Fair value measurements using
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets
Investments 6 80.45 80.45 - - 80.45
As at 31 March 2025
Particulars Note Carrying amount
Fair value measurements using
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Financial assets
Investments 6  -  -  -  -  - 
Financial instruments valued at carrying value
The respective carrying values of certain on-balance sheet financial instruments approximated their fair value. 
These financial instruments include cash on hand, balances with banks and other financial assets and liabilities that 
are considered financial instruments. Carrying values were assumed to approximate fair values for these financial 
instruments as they are short-term in nature and their recorded amounts approximate fair values or are receivable or 
payable on demand.
Fair value of financial instruments carried at amortised cost
Loans and advances
The fair values of loans that do not reprice or mature frequently are estimated using discounted cash flow models. 
The discount rates are based on the movement in zero coupon yield curve from the loan origination till reporting 
date. For the purposes of level disclosures loans and advances are categorized under Level 3. The Level 3 loans 
would decrease (increase) in value based upon an increase (decrease) in discount rate. Since substantially all loans 
disbursed by the Group is short term in nature with interest rates reflecting current market pricing, the carrying values 
of these loans approximate their fair values.
Note 40 - Revenue from contracts with customers
Set out below is the disaggregation of the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers and reconciliation to profit 
and loss account:
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Type of income
Sale of services 21,792.46 13,374.65
Total revenue from contracts with customers 21,792.46 13,374.65
Geographical markets
India 21,792.46 13,374.65
Outside India - -
Total revenue from contracts with customers 21,792.46 13,374.65
Timing of revenue recognition
Services transferred at a point in time 21,792.46 13,374.65
Services transferred over time - -
Total revenue from contracts with customers 21,792.46 13,374.65
Contract balance
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Trade receivables 1,042.97 700.77
Contract assets/liabilities - -
245244 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 126]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Note 41 - Financial Risk Management
The Group’s board of directors has overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the Group’s risk 
management framework. The major risk to which the Group is exposed are described below:
The board of directors has established the Risk Management Committee, which is responsible for developing and 
monitoring the Group’s risk management policies. The committee reports regularly to the board of directors on 
its activities
The Group’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the Group, to set 
appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk management policies and 
systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s activities. The Group, through 
its training and management standards and procedures, aims to maintain a disciplined and constructive control 
environment in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.
The audit committee oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s risk management policies and 
procedures, and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group. 
The audit committee is assisted in its oversight role by internal audit. Internal audit undertakes both regular and ad 
hoc reviews of risk management controls and procedures, the results of which are reported to the audit committee.
A.  Credit risk
	 	Credit risk arises from loans and advances, cash and cash equivalents, deposits and other financial assets carried 
at amortized cost. This risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group if a customer or counterparty to a financial 
instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations.
	 	The Group has established a credit quality review process to provide early identification of possible changes in 
the creditworthiness of counterparties. The credit quality review process aims to allow the Group to assess the 
potential loss as a result of the risks to which it is exposed and take corrective actions.
	 	The Group considers probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been any 
significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there 
is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the asset as at the 
reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and 
supportive forward-looking information.
	 	Macroeconomic information (such as Real GDP growth rate and Inflation rate) are incorporated as part of the 
Ind AS 109 provision model. In general, it is presumed that credit risk has significantly increased since initial 
recognition if the payments are more than 30 days past due.
 Risk identification
	 	Credit risk may originate in one or multiple of following ways mentioned below:
	 -	 	Adverse selection of target market for undertaking lending activity
	 -	 	Gap in credit assessment of borrower’s credit worthiness
	 -	 Inability to accurately map the underlying credit risk to the parameters of the sanctioned loan
	 -	 Over-borrowing by customers
	 -	 Over-concentration in any geography/zone/ customer segment etc.
  Risk assessment and measurement
	 	The Group assesses and manages credit risk based on characteristics of underlying financial instruments.
  Risk monitoring
	 	Monitoring and follow up is an essential element in the overall risk management framework and is taken up at all 
levels within the organization. Monitoring and controlling risks is primarily performed based on limits established 
by the Group.
	 	Borrower risk categorization is an effective tool to flag potential problems in the loan accounts and identify if any 
corrective action plan are to be taken. The Group regularly monitors borrower repayments.
	 	The risk monitoring metrics have been defined to track performance at each stage of the loan life cycle:
	 -	 	Disbursal quality monitoring
	 -	 	Customer type, age, state
	 -	 	Bureau score
	 -	 	Income
  Risk mitigation
	 	Risk mitigation or risk reduction is defined as the process of reducing risk exposures and/or minimizing the 
likelihood of incident occurrence.
	 	The following risk mitigation measures are:
	 -	 	loan origination - profile/income selection, document verification process, KYC checks, creditworthiness 
checks based on CIBIL, fraud database checks, device data
	 -	 	loan pre and post disbursement - disbursement in the verified bank account only
	 -	 	loan collection and recovery - monitor repayments, days past due review, DPD stagewise collection framework
  Impairment assessment
  Definition of Default
	 	A default on a financial asset is when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 90 days of when 
they fall due. This definition of default is determined by considering the business environment in which Group 
operates and other macro-economic factors.
	 	The Group provides for expected credit loss based on following:
Staging Description of category
Basis for recognition 
of expected credit loss 
provision
Stage 1 Assets where the counter-party has strong capacity to meet the obligations and 
where the risk of default is negligible or nil. Assets where there is low risk of default 
and where the counter-party has sufficient capacity to meet the obligations and 
where there has been low frequency of defaults in the past
12-month expected credit 
losses
Stage 2 Assets where there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition. Assets where the payments are more than 30 days past due
Life-time expected credit 
losses
Stage 3 The Group categorises a loan or receivable for stage 3 when a debtor fails to make 
contractual payments within 90 days from the day it is due. Accordingly the financial 
assets shall be classified as Stage 3, if on the reporting date, it has been 90 days and 
above past due.
Credit Loss is recognized 
on full exposure/ Asset is 
written off
  Measurement of Expected Credit Losses
	 	The Group has applied a three-stage approach to measure expected credit losses (ECL) on debt instruments 
accounted for at amortised cost and FVOCI. Assets migrate through following three stages based on the changes 
in credit quality since initial recognition:
	 (a)	 	Stage 1: 12- months ECL: For exposures where there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition and that are not credit-impaired upon origination, the portion of the lifetime ECL associated with 
the probability of default events occurring within the next 12- months is recognized.
	 (b)	 	Stage 2: Lifetime ECL, not credit-impaired: For credit exposures where there has been a significant increase 
in credit risk since initial recognition but are not credit-impaired, a lifetime ECL is recognized.
	 (c)	 	Stage 3: Lifetime ECL, credit-impaired: Financial assets are assessed as credit impaired upon occurrence 
of one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that asset. For 
financial assets that have become credit-impaired, a lifetime ECL is recognized and interest revenue is 
calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost
	 	At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk of its 
financial assets since initial recognition by comparing the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the 
asset. In determining whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group uses 
247246 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 127]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort. This includes the Group’s historical loss 
rates and forward-looking information to assess deterioration in credit quality of a financial asset.
	 	The Group considers defaulted assets as those which are contractually past due 90 days, other than those assets 
where there is empirical evidence to the contrary. Financial assets which are contractually past due 30 days are 
classified under Stage 2 - life time ECL, not credit impaired, barring those where there is empirical evidence to 
the contrary. An asset migrates down the ECL stage based on the change in the risk of a default occurring since 
initial recognition. The Group measures the amount of ECL on a financial instrument in a way that reflects an 
unbiased and probability-weighted amount. The Group considers its historical loss experience and adjusts the 
same for current observable data. The key inputs into the measurement of ECL are the probability of default, 
loss given default and exposure at default. These parameters are derived from the Group’s internally developed 
statistical models and other historical data.
  Probability of Default (PD)
	 	The PD estimation is based on gross flow analysis with application of single factor Vasicek model for incorporation 
of macro-economic factor (GDP). The Days past due buckets of the loan model of the Group are the perfect 
indicators of the delinquency status of all the retail accounts. The numbers of borrowers are tagged to an age 
bucket (e.g., time band of 30 days) based upon their days past due status. The migration of borrowers in each 
rating grades to the ‘Greater than 90 DPD bucket’ estimates PIT PDs for each rating grade. For example, in a 
year the total number of accounts which moved into 90+ DPD bucket out of current bucket (obligors which are 
0 DPD) shall provide us PIT PD for each year. Going forward, once historical data is available, a minimum of 
5-year DPD data is to be considered to compute the 12 months simple/weighted average probability of default 
(TTC PD). This TTC PD used to forecast the lifetime PDs by establishing a relationship between TTC and PIT PDs 
using Vasicek model. Where historical data is not available or is considered insufficient for deriving reliable PD 
estimates, the Group may use relevant industry benchmarks, peer data, or regulatory guidance as a proxy for 
estimation of PD parameters, with appropriate adjustments to reflect the portfolio characteristics and prevailing 
macro-economic conditions.
  Loss given default (LGD)
	 	LGD for loan portfolio will be calculated at a portfolio level based upon the actual recovery data. In case where 
the recovery experience of the management is not substantive, the management may use regulatory estimates 
for LGD.
  Exposure at default (EAD)
	 	Exposure at default is the total value an entity is exposed to when a loan defaults. It is the predicted amount 
of exposure that an entity may be exposed to when a borrower defaults on a loan. The outstanding principal 
and outstanding arrears reported as of the reporting date for computation of ECL is used as the EAD for all 
the portfolios.
  Macroeconomic Scenarios
	 	In addition, the Group uses reasonable and supportable information on future economic conditions including 
macroeconomic factor i.e. Real GDP growth rate. Since incorporating these forward looking information 
increases the judgment as to how the changes in these macroeconomic factor will affect ECL, the methodology 
and assumptions are reviewed regularly.
 (a) Investment
	 	 	Investments are carried at fair value through profit and loss. Any mark to market movement in investments 
carried at fair value through profit and loss is directly recognised in Statement of Profit and Loss.
 (b)  Loans
	 	 	The Group is engaged in the business of providing personal loans and loans Against Property to the 
customers. The Group’s impairment assessment and measurement approach is set out in this note. It should 
be read in conjunction with the summary of material accounting policies.
 (c)  Trade receivables
	 	 	The Group extends credit to customers in normal course of business. The Group considers factor such as 
credit report of customer, industry practice, payment record etc. The Group evaluates the concentration of 
risk with respect to trade receivables and unbilled revenue as low.
 (d)  Cash and cash equivalent and bank deposits
	 	 	The Group considers factors such as track record, size of institution, market reputation, Credit institution 
with high credit ratings and service standards to select the banks with which balances and deposits are 
maintained. The balance and fixed deposits are generally maintained with the banks with whom the Group 
has availed the credit facilities. Further the Group does not maintain significant cash in hand other than those 
required for its day to day operations. Considering the same, the Group is not exposed to expected credit 
loss of cash and cash equivalent and bank deposits.
  Group follows simplified ECL approach under Ind AS 109 ‘Financial Instruments’ for trade 
receivables and other financial assets.
 Expected credit losses for financial assets other than loans:
  As at 31 March 2026
Particulars
Estimated gross 
carrying amount 
at default
Expected credit 
losses
Carrying amount 
net of impairment 
provision
Cash and cash equivalents 2,094.56 - 2,094.56
Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents 317.54 - 317.54
Trade receivable 1,047.08 (4.11) 1,042.97
Other financial assets 2,104.68 - 2,104.68
 As at 31 March 2025
Particulars
Estimated gross 
carrying amount 
at default
Expected credit 
losses
Carrying amount 
net of impairment 
provision
Cash and cash equivalents  1,327.23  -  1,327.23 
Bank balance other than cash and cash equivalents  117.70  -  117.70 
Trade receivable  708.95  (8.18)  700.77 
Other financial assets  1,466.60  -  1,466.60 
 (c) Loans 
  Credit quality of Loans:
  As at 31 March 2026
Particulars Asset group
Estimated gross 
carrying amount 
at default
Expected 
credit losses 
(Ind AS 109)
Stage 1
Loans and 
Advances
33,972.48 1,027.99 
Stage 2 836.20 632.05 
Stage 3 753.87 649.52 
Total 35,562.55 2,309.56 
 N o t e : Management overlay of ₹1,359.53 million is not included in the expected credit loss (Ind AS 109) 
amount above.
249248 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 128]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
  As at 31 March 2025
Particulars Asset group
Estimated gross 
carrying amount 
at default
Expected 
credit losses 
(Ind AS 109)
Stage 1
Loans and 
Advances
 23,156.96  646.90 
Stage 2  872.37  516.15 
Stage 3  716.25  655.20 
Total  24,745.58  1,818.25 
 N o t e : Management overlay of ₹1349.89 million is not included in the expected credit loss(Ind AS 109) 
amount above.
	 	 	Analysis of changes in the gross carrying amount and corresponding ECL allowances in relation to 
loans is as follows:
Particulars
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total 
EAD ECL EAD ECL EAD ECL EAD ECL 
As at 01 April 2025 23,631.17 646.90 882.28 516.15 723.53 655.20 25,236.98 1,818.25
New credit exposures during 
the year, net of repayments
13,970.95 551.26 622.33 494.84 1,089.74 979.89 15,683.02 2,025.99
Assets written off during the year - - - - (4,725.95) (4,725.95) (4,725.95) (4,725.95)
Movement between stages
Transfer to Stage 1 2.90 1.81 (2.74) (1.66) (0.16) (0.15) - -
Transfer to Stage 2 (126.77) (2.82) 126.78 2.83 (0.01) (0.01) - -
Transfer to Stage 3 (2,890.14) (214.84) (782.09) (461.03) 3,672.23 675.87 - -
Impact on ECL on account of 
movement between stages / 
updates to the ECL model
- 45.68 - 80.92 - 3,064.67 - 3,191.27
As at 31 March 2026 34,588.11 1,027.99 846.56 632.05 759.38 649.52 36,194.05 2,309.56
Less: Consolidation 
Adjustment of EIR on Loans
(615.63) - (10.36) - (5.51) - (631.50) -
As at 31 March 2026 (Net of EIR)33,972.48 1,027.99 836.20 632.05 753.87 649.52 35,562.55 2,309.56
 N o t e : Management overlay of ₹1,359.53 million is not included in the expected credit loss (Ind AS 109) 
amount above.
Particulars
Stage 1 Stage 2 Stage 3 Total 
EAD ECL EAD ECL EAD ECL EAD ECL 
As at 01 April 2024 13,415.56 1,731.95 1,457.40 1,082.55 116.83 116.83 14,989.79 2,931.33 
New credit exposures during 
the year, net of repayments
11,981.42 (475.74) 503.34 223.17 2,029.17 1,826.25 14,513.93 1,573.68 
Assets written off during the year - - - - (4,271.16) (4,271.16) (4,271.16) (4,271.16)
Movement between stages
Transfer to Stage 1 2.12 1.73 (1.56) (1.17) (0.56) (0.56) - - 
Transfer to Stage 2 (67.01) (8.15) 67.42 8.56 (0.41) (0.41) - - 
Transfer to Stage 3 (1,705.34) (601.25) (1,144.32) (831.61) 2,849.66 1,432.86 - - 
Impact on ECL on account of 
movement between stages / 
updates to the ECL model
- (1.64) - 34.65 - 1,551.39 - 1,584.40 
As at 31 March 2025 23,626.75 646.90 882.28 516.15 723.53 655.20 25,232.56 1,818.25 
Less: Consolidation 
Adjustment of EIR on Loans
(469.79) - (9.91) - (7.28) - (486.98) - 
As at 31 March 2025 (Net of EIR)23,156.96 646.90 872.37 516.15 716.25 655.20 24,745.58 1,818.25 
 N o t e : Management overlay of ₹1349.89 million is not included in the expected credit loss (Ind AS 109) 
amount above.
B. Liquidity risk
	 	Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting the obligations associated with its 
financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset. The Group’s approach to managing 
liquidity is to ensure, as far as possible, that it will have sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when they are 
due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring unacceptable losses or risking damage to 
the Group’s reputation. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, Group’s treasury maintains 
flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit lines.
  Financing arrangements
	 	The Group has access to the following undrawn borrowing facilities at the end of the reporting period:
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Undrawn bank credit lines  1,910.65  61.72 
  Maturity Pattern
	 	The following are the remaining contractual maturities of financial liabilities at the reporting date. The amounts are 
gross and undiscounted. and include estimated interest payments and exclude the impact of netting agreements.
  As at 31 March 2026
Particulars
Contractual cash flows
Total Upto 
3 months
Over 
3 months to 
6 months
Over 
6 months to 
one year
Over one 
year to 3 
years
Over 
3 to 5 years 
Over 
5 Years
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade payables (1,048.42) 1,048.42 - - - - -
Debt securities (15,153.72) 2,900.75 3,031.30 3,032.56 5,186.45 1,002.67 -
Borrowings (other than debt 
securities)
(11,665.79) 3,904.28 2,898.44 3,449.07 1,302.48 111.52 -
Lease Liabilities (393.85) 41.73 50.95 84.50 147.91 68.77 -
Other Financial liabilities* (716.07) 226.95 489.12 - - - -
	 	*Provision for FLDG included in Over 3 months to 6 Months bucket.
  As at 31 March 2025
Particulars
Contractual cash flows
Total Upto 
3 months
Over 
3 months to 
6 months
Over 
6 months to 
one year
Over one 
year to 3 
years
Over 
3 to 5 years 
Over 
5 Years
Non-derivative financial liabilities
Trade payables (521.98) 521.98 - - - - -
Debt securities (5,785.43) 702.26 1,423.90 1,422.45 2,236.82 - -
Borrowings (other than debt 
securities)
(10,624.24) 2,521.21 2,726.74 4,602.78 773.51 - -
Lease Liabilities (590.04) 46.51 55.20 108.71 285.04 94.58 -
Other Financial liabilities* (497.90) 100.04 397.81 - 0.05 - -
	 	*Provision for FLDG included in Over 3 months to 6 Months bucket.
	 	The amounts in the table above have been compiled as follows:
Type of financial instrument Basis on which amounts are compiled
Non-derivative financial liabilities Undiscounted cash flows, which include estimated interest payments
251250 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 129]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
	 	As part of the management of liquidity risk arising from financial liabilities, the Group holds liquid assets comprising 
cash and cash equivalents, deposits with banks, which can be readily sold to meet liquidity requirements. In 
addition, the Group maintains agreed committed credit lines with banks.
C.  Price risk
	 	Price risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market traded 
price. It arises from financial assets such as investments in equity instruments, bonds and debentures, mutual 
funds, government securities, etc. The Group is exposed to price risk arising from investments held by the Group 
and classified in the balance sheet as fair value through profit and loss and valued at the closing NAV.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Investments 80.45 -
Total 80.45 -
  Sensitivity analysis
	 	A reasonably possible change of 0.5% in price at the reporting date would have increased/ (decreased)profit or 
loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.
Particulars
Profit or loss (Pre tax Impact)
0.5% increase 0.5% decrease
As at 31 March 2026
Investments 0.40 (0.40)
Cash flow sensitivity (net) 0.40 (0.40)
D.  Interest rate risk
	 	The Group provides loans to customers on fixed rate and hence there is no interest rate risk on loan exposure. 
However, certain borrowings are at floating rate and hence exposed to Interest rate risk.
  Exposure to interest rate risk
	 	The interest rate profile of the Group’s interest-bearing financial instruments as reported to the management is 
as follows.
Particulars As at 
31 March 2026
As at 
31 March 2025
Variable-rate instruments
Borrowings (Other than debt securities) 3,277.90 1,538.09
Total 3,277.90 1,538.09
	 	The Group has certain floating rate bank borrowings which are sensitive to change in the benchmark rate. The 
change in 0.5% interest rate in such benchmark may affect the profit and loss account of the Group.
  Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable-rate instruments
	 	A reasonably possible change of 0.5% in interest rates at the reporting date would have increased/ (decreased) 
profit or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.
Particulars
Profit or loss (Pre tax Impact)
0.5% increase 0.5% decrease
As at 31 March 2026
Variable-rate instruments (16.39) 16.39
Cash flow sensitivity (net) (16.39) 16.39
As at 31 March 2025
Variable-rate instruments (7.69) 7.69
Cash flow sensitivity (net) (7.69) 7.69
Note 42 - Other Regulatory information required by Schedule III
i)	 	The Group did not have any transactions with companies struck off under Section 248 of the Companies Act, 
2013 or Section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 during the financial year.
ii)	 	The Group do not have any Benami property, where any proceeding has been initiated or pending against the 
Group for holding any Benami property.
iii)	 	The Group has not been declared as a wilful defaulter by any lender who has powers to declare a Group as a wilful 
defaulter at any time during the financial year or after the end of reporting period but before the date when the 
financial statements are approved.
iv)	 	The Group do not have any cases where quarterly returns or statements of current assets filed by the Group with 
banks or financial institutions are not in agreement with the books of accounts.
v)	 	The Group do not have any charges or satisfaction which is yet to be registered with Registrar of Companies 
beyond the statutory year.
vi)	 	The Group have not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.
vii)	 	During the year no scheme of arrangement have been approved by competent authority.
viii)	 	The Group does not have transaction which is not recorded in the books of accounts that has been surrendered 
or disclosed as income during the year in the tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (such as, search 
or survey or any other relevant provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961).
ix)	 	The Group have not advanced or loan or invested funds to any other person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign 
entities (Intermediaries) with the understanding that the Intermediary shall:
	 (a)	 	directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Group (Ultimate Beneficiaries), or
	 (b)	 	provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
x)	 	The Group have not received any fund from any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) 
with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Group shall :
	 (a)	 	directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on 
behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
	 (b)	 	provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries,
xi)	 	The Group has one subsidiary and complied with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 
of the Act read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017 .
xii)	 	The borrowings obtained by the Group from banks and financial institutions have been applied for the purposes 
for which they were taken.
xiii)	 	The Group does not have any immovable property.
xiv)	 	The Group has not revalued its property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) or intangible assets 
or both during the year.
Note 43 - Employee stock option scheme 
a) Employee stock option scheme (equity settled)
	 	The Company has established the following Employee Stock Option Plans, as approved by the shareholders at 
various Extra-Ordinary General Meetings (EGMs):
	 i)	 	ESOP 2019: Approved at the EGM held on June 06, 2019, comprising a pool of 2,56,985 options.
	 ii)	 	ESOP 2021: Approved at the EGM held on July 23, 2021, comprising a pool of 1,50,000 options.
	 iii)	 	ESOP 2022: Approved at the EGM held on June 23, 2022, with an initial pool of 9,47 ,206 options, which was 
subsequently increased by 1,00,000 options pursuant to shareholder approval at the EGM held on January 
27 , 2025, aggregating to 10,47 ,206 options.
253252 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 130]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
	 	Each of the above Plans authorises the Company to grant stock options to eligible employees in one or more 
tranches, on such terms and conditions as determined under the respective schemes.
	 	During the year, the Company has granted 4,45,813 stock options to eligible employees as per ESOP Plans, of 
which 3,66,763 stock options pertains to employees of the subsidiary company. Employee compensation cost 
has been accounted at fair value of the options as at grant date. The employee compensation expense in respect 
of these grants has been recognised based on the fair value of the options determined on the respective grant 
dates, in accordance with Ind AS 102 – Share-based Payment. During the year, 1,23,670 options were exercised.
	 	As at 31 March 2026, 49,23,380 stock options outstanding pertain to employees of the subsidiary company.
b) Details of scheme of Employee Stock Option Plans are as under:
Tranch details
No. of options 
Granted till
 31 March 2026
Date of Grant Fair value of 
Option Exercise Price (₹)
I 2,28,000 23-Jul-21 689.16 10.00
II 28,000 26-Jul-21 1,714.92 10.00
III 35,000 13-Nov-21 1,714.92 10.00
IV 80,000 30-Nov-21 1,714.92 10.00
V 1,78,900 21-Jul-22 1,384.96 10.00
VI 5,00,000 12-Sep-22 1,384.74 10.00
VII 60,050 28-Jun-23 1,716.23 10.00
VIII 2,28,860 28-Nov-24 2,223.35 10.00
IX 50,000 27-Jan-25 2,223.35 10.00
X 28,613 08-Jul-25 2,469.30 10.00
XI* 4,17,200 25-Nov-25 260.00 1.00
*Above mentioned numbers are Post-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 
8 July, 2025.
i)  Set out below is a summary of options granted under the plan:
Particulars
As at 31 March 2026
Average 
exercise price
Number 
of options
Outstanding at the beginning of the year (Pre split) 10.00 13,36,235
Granted during the year upto shares split 10.00 28,613
Lapsed/expired during the year upto shares split 10.00 (4,810)
Outstanding as on 8 July 2025 (Pre split) 10.00 13,60,038
Outstanding as on 8 July 2025 (Post split) 1.00 1,36,00,380
Exercised during the year post split 1.00 (1,23,670)
Granted during the year post split 1.00 4,17,200
Lapsed/expired during the year post split 1.00 (4,54,950)
Outstanding at the end of the year 1.00 1,34,38,960
Particulars
As at 31 March 2025*
Average 
exercise price
Number 
of options
Outstanding at the beginning of the year 10.00 10,98,450
Granted during the year 10.00 2,78,860
Exercised during the year - -
Lapsed/expired during the year 10.00 (41,075)
Outstanding at the end of the year 10.00 13,36,235
*Above mentioned numbers are Pre-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 8 
July, 2025.
ii)  Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise prices:
Grant date Vesting Period Exercise price*
Outstanding 
number of 
options as at
31 March 2026*
Outstanding 
number of 
options as at
31 March 2025
23-Jul-21 12 months 1.00  22,70,000  2,28,000
26-Jul-21 1. 50% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
1.00  2,68,000  28,000
13-Nov-21 1. 50% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
1.00  3,00,000  30,000
30-Nov-21 1. 50% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
1.00  6,54,330  75,000
21-Jul-22 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  14,90,000  1,49,000
12-Sep-22 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  50,00,000  5,00,000
28-Jun-23 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  3,50,000  47,375
28-Nov-24 1. 40% Options- 12 months
2. 20% Options- 24 months
3. 20% Options- 36 months
4. 20% Options- 48 months
1.00  6,00,000  60,000
28-Nov-24 1. 50% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
1.00  5,300  2,120
28-Nov-24 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  12,98,000  1,66,740
27-Jan-25 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  5,00,000  50,000
08-Jul-25 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  1,11,130  -
08-Jul-25 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 50% Options- 36 months
1.00  1,75,000  -
25-Nov-25 1. 25% Options- 12 months
2. 25% Options- 24 months
3. 25% Options- 36 months
4. 25% Options- 48 months
1.00  4,17,200  -
Total  1,34,38,960  13,36,235
*Above mentioned numbers are Post-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 
8 July, 2025.
255254 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 131]
 (J in million unless otherwise stated)  (J in million unless otherwise stated) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for the year ended March 31, 2026
c) Fair value of options granted
	 	The fair value at grant date is determined using the Black Scholes Model which takes into account the exercise 
price, the term of the option, the share price at grant date and expected price volatility of the underlying share, 
the expected dividend yield and the risk free interest rate for the term of the option.
	 	The options granted for no consideration and will vest upon the completion of service condition as specified in 
scheme in graded manner. Vested options are exercisable for the period of five years after the vesting.
	 	The model inputs for options granted during the year ended included:
Tranches Expected - Average volatility Expected term (In years) Risk free rate Exercise price Grant date
I 44.07% 1 3.94% 10.0 23-Jul-21
II 25.14% - 34.03% 0.11 - 1.46 7.00% - 7.01% 10.0 26-Jul-21
III 25.14% - 34.03% 0.11 - 1.46 7.00% - 7.01% 10.0 13-Nov-21
IV 25.14% - 34.03% 0.11 - 1.46 7.00% - 7.01% 10.0 30-Nov-21
V 37.69% - 54.16% 1 - 4 6.41% - 7.19% 10.0 21-Jul-22
VI 37.31% - 53.59% 1 - 4 6.58% - 7.07% 10.0 12-Sep-22
VII 31.19% - 49.31% 1 - 4 6.98% - 7.14% 10.0 28-Jun-23
VIII 29.22% - 34.54% 1 - 4 6.75% - 6.86% 10.0 28-Nov-24
IX 29.41% - 33.95% 1 - 4 6.69% - 6.76% 10.0 27-Jan-25
X 30.39% - 32.56% 1 - 4 5.62% - 6.07% 10.0 08-Jul-25
XI* 30.50% - 32.50% 1 - 4 5.55% - 6.03% 1.0 25-Nov-25
*Above mentioned numbers are Post-split i.e. the company has split each equity share of ₹10 each into 10 equity shares of ₹1 each w.e.f 
8 July, 2025.
The expected price volatility is based on the historic volatility (based on the remaining life of the options), adjusted for 
any expected changes to future volatility.
d) Expense arising from share-based payment transactions
	 	Total expenses arising from share-based payment transactions recognised in the statement of profit and loss as 
part of employee benefit expense are as follows:
Particulars Year ended 
31 March 2026
Year ended 
31 March 2025
Employee stock option scheme (equity settled) (Issued to employees of the Group)  293.35  377.18 
Total  293.35  377.18 
Note 44 - Segment reporting
The Group’s operating businesses are organised and managed as a single business segment in accordance with the 
manner in which the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”) reviews and evaluates the financial performance and 
allocates resources. The Group is primarily engaged in a single line of business and operates in a single economic 
environment. Accordingly, the Group has identified only one reportable operating segment under Indian Accounting 
Standards Ind AS 108 – “Operating Segments”.
Further, substantially all of the Group’s revenues, profits, assets and liabilities are attributable to the aforesaid single 
operating segment. The Group’s operations are predominantly within India and therefore no separate geographical 
segment disclosure is considered necessary.
In accordance with the requirements of Ind AS 108, the Group has also assessed the concentration of revenue risk 
and noted that no revenue from transactions with a single external customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s 
total revenue during the year ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025.
Accordingly, no separate segment information is required to be disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.
Note 45 - Foreign exchange earnings/outflow
i)	 	The foreign exchange earnings is Nil for the year ended 31 March 2026 (Previous year : ₹Nil).
ii)	 	The foreign exchange outflow is ₹105.79 million for year ended 31 March 2026 (Previous Year: ₹105.88 million).
Note 46 - Comparative figures
Previous year figures have been regrouped and reclassified, wherever considered necessary, to conform to the 
current year presentation, to the extent applicable.
Note 47 - Disclosure in terms of Schedule III of the Companies Act, 2013
Name of the entity
Net assets* Share in profit
As at 31 March 2026 As at 31 March 2026
As % of 
consolidated net 
assets
Amount
As % of 
consolidated net 
assets
Amount
Parent
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 43.90% 9,640.57 49.30% 1,441.24
Subsidiary
Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited 56.10% 12,319.84 50.70% 1,482.37
Name of the entity
Net assets* Share in profit
As at 31 March 2025 As at 31 March 2025
As % of 
consolidated net 
assets
Amount
As % of 
consolidated net 
assets
Amount
Parent
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 47.09%  7,643.59 28.39%  508.98 
Subsidiary
Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited 52.91%  8,589.83 71.61%  1,283.83 
*Total assets minus total liabilities
Note 48 - Events after the reporting date
Subsequent to the year ended 31 March 2026, the Company completed its initial public offering (“IPO”) of 54,147 ,390 
equity shares of face value of ₹1 each at an issue price of ₹171 per share, comprising fresh issue of 49,707 ,602 equity 
shares and offer for sale of 44,39,788 equity shares. Pursuant to the IPO, the equity shares were listed on National 
Stock Exchange of lndia Limited and BSE Limited on May 08, 2026. Pursuant to the said allotment, the paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company has increased from ₹118.78 million to ₹168.48 million comprising 16,84,83,022 fully 
paid-up equity shares of ₹1 each on May 8, 2026.
As per our report of even date
For CHOKSHI & CHOKSHI LLP For and on behalf of the Board of Directors
Chartered Accountants OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited 
Firm’s Registration No.: 101872W/W100045 (formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions Private Limited)
Amrish Thakker Krishnan Vishwanathan Ranvir Singh Shraddha Patangia 
Partner CFO and Director CEO and Director Company Secretary
Membership No.: 123069 DIN : 07191366 DIN : 06673951 Membership No : A55210 
Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai Place : Mumbai
Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026 Date : May 27, 2026
257256 Corporate Overview   |   Statutory Reports   |   Financial Statements
OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 132]
Notice of 10th Annual General Meeting
Notice is hereby given that the 10 th Annual General 
Meeting ( “AGM/Meeting” ) of OnEMI Technology 
Solutions Limited (formerly known as OnEMI Technology 
Solutions Private Limited) (the “Company”) will be held 
on Tuesday, September 22, 2026 at 04:00 p.m. (IST) 
through video conferencing/other audio-visual means 
(VC/OAVM) to transact the following business(es):
Ordinary Business(es):
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolutions as Ordinary Resolution:
1.	 	TO RECEIVE, CONSIDER AND ADOPT 
THE AUDITED STANDALONE FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS OF THE COMPANY FOR THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 
AND THE REPORTS OF THE BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS AND STATUTORY AUDITORS 
THEREON.
	 	“RESOLVED THAT the Audited Standalone Financial 
Statements of the Company for the financial year 
ended on March 31, 2026 and the reports of the 
Board of Directors and Statutory Auditors thereon 
as circulated to the Members with the notice of 
the Annual General Meeting, be and are hereby 
received, considered and adopted.”
2.	 	TO RECEIVE, CONSIDER AND ADOPT THE 
AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS OF THE COMPANY FOR THE 
FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2026 
AND THE REPORT OF THE STATUTORY 
AUDITORS THEREON.
	 	“RESOLVED THAT  the Audited Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Company for the 
financial year ended March 31, 2026 and the report 
of Statutory Auditors thereon, as circulated to the 
Members with the notice of the Annual General 
Meeting, be and are hereby received considered and 
adopted.”
3 . 		T O  R E - A P P O I N T  M R .  R A N V I R  S I N G H  
(DIN: 06673951) AS A DIRECTOR LIABLE TO 
RETIRE BY ROTATION.
	 	“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to provisions of Section 
152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time, 
read with the rules made thereunder and any other 
applicable law for the time being in force (including 
any statutory modification(s), amendment(s), or 
re-enactment(s) thereof) (“Act”) and in accordance 
with the Articles of Association of the Company 
and upon recommendation of the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and the Board of 
Directors, Mr. Ranvir Singh (DIN: 06673951), 
Executive Director, who retires by rotation and being 
eligible has offered himself for re-appointment, 
be and is hereby re-appointed as a Director of the 
Company, whose office is liable to retire by rotation.”
Special Business(es):
4.	 	TO APPOINT SECRETARIAL AUDITOR OF THE 
COMPANY.
	 	To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
	 	“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant  t o  the  pr o visions  of  
Section 204 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Companies Act, 2013, as amended from 
time to time, read with the rules made thereunder 
and any other applicable law for the time being 
in force (including any statutory modification(s), 
amendment(s), or re-enactments thereof) ( “Act”) 
and Regulation 24A of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and such 
other laws, rules, regulations, notifications and 
circulars (including any statutory modification(s) or 
amendment(s) thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof, 
for the time being in force) as may be applicable and 
upon recommendation of the Audit Committee and 
approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, 
Ms. Ramadevi Satish Venigalla, Practicing Company 
Secretary (FCS No: 7345 | COP No: 17889), who 
holds a peer reviewed certificate and has confirmed 
her eligibility to be appointed as Secretarial Auditor 
of the Company, be and is hereby appointed as the 
Secretarial Auditor of the Company for a term of 5 
(five) consecutive years commencing from financial 
year 2026-2027 to financial year 2030-2031, on 
such fees, plus applicable taxes and other out-of-
pocket expenses as specified in the Explanatory 
Statement annexed to this Notice.
	 	RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the approval of the 
Members of the Company be and is hereby accorded 
to the Board of Directors (hereinafter referred to as 
the “Board”, which term shall be deemed to include 
any Committee of the Company) to do all such acts, 
deeds and matters and to do such other things as 
may be necessary and expedient to give effect to 
the above resolution.”
5.	 	TO ALTER THE OBJECT CLAUSE OF THE 
MEMORANDUM OF ASSOCIATION OF THE 
COMPANY.
	 	To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following 
resolution as a Special Resolution:
	 	“RESOLVED THAT  pursuant to the provisions 
of Sections 4, 13, 15(1) and other applicable 
provisions, if any, of the Companies Act, 2013, as 
amended from time to time, read with the rules made 
thereunder ( “Act”) and any other applicable laws 
for the time being in force (including any statutory 
modification(s), amendment(s), or re-enactments 
thereof) and applicable regulations of Securities 
and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, subject to the approval of the Registrar of 
Companies, Mumbai - I at Mumbai and such other 
approvals as may be necessary, the consent of the 
Members be and is hereby accorded for addition and 
substitution of certain clauses in the existing main 
object clause of the Memorandum of Association 
(“MOA”) of the Company in the manner set-out 
as under:
	 	Sub-clause 1 of Clause III (A) be and is 
hereby substituted as follows:
	 1.	 	To carry on the business of designing, 
developing, customizing, and hosting software 
and technology platforms, including mobile 
applications, web interfaces, payment 
gateways, and other technology for the purpose 
of distributing financial products and services, 
providing consumers information about and 
access to such products, and operating a 
marketplace connecting consumers with 
service providers through mobile, web, or 
other technology.
	 	A new Sub-clause 4 to Clause III (A) be and is 
hereby inserted as follows:
	 4.	 	To carry on business/activities of processing 
of information for the support or benefit of 
credit institutions.
	 	A new Sub-clause 5 to Clause III (A) be and is 
hereby inserted as follows:
	 5.	 	To carry on the business of providing 
outsourcing and allied support services to 
companies, institutions, financial intermediaries 
and other entities, including technology and 
digital support services, customer servicing 
and support, back-office and administrative 
services, intermediation and facilitation 
services, other operational, technical and 
business support services, in relation to 
financial products, whether undertaken directly 
or through third-party service providers, and 
to undertake all activities incidental or ancillary 
thereto, in accordance with and subject to 
applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines 
and regulatory approvals.
	 	RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the approval of 
the Members of the Company be and is hereby 
accorded to the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the “Board”, which term 
shall be deemed to include any Committee thereof) 
to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as 
may be necessary, desirable or expedient to give 
effect to the aforesaid resolution, including making 
necessary filings with the Registrar of Companies, 
Mumbai - I at Mumbai and other statutory or 
regulatory authorities, as may be applicable, 
and to settle any matter, question, difficulty or 
doubt that may arise in this regard and to accept 
such modifications, alterations or amendments 
to the aforesaid resolution as may be suggested, 
required or directed by the Registrar of Companies, 
Mumbai - I at Mumbai or any other competent 
authority, without requiring the Board to seek any 
further consent or approval of the Members of the 
Company, and that the acts, deeds and things done 
or caused to be done by the Board pursuant to and 
in furtherance of this resolution shall be conclusive 
evidence of the authority of the Board in this regard.”
By and order of the Board
For OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
(formerly known as OnEMI Technology Solutions 
Private Limited)
Sd/-
Shraddha Rajkumar Patangia
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Membership No.: A55210
Date: August 26, 2026
Place: Mumbai
NOTES:
1.	 	The Ministry of Corporate Affairs ( “MCA”) has, 
vide its Circular nos. 20/2020, 14/2020, 17/2020, 
02/2021, 19/2021, 21/2021 02/2022, 10/2022, 
09/2023, 09/2024, the latest being 03/2025 dated 
22nd September, 2025 and other applicable circulars 
issued in this regard, (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as “the Circulars” ), has permitted 
holding of the Annual General Meeting ( “AGM”/ 
“Meeting” ) through Video Conferencing ( “VC”) or 
Other Audio Visual Means (“OAVM”). In accordance 
with the Circulars and applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 ( “Act” ) read with Rules 
made thereunder and the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “SEBI Listing 
259258
NoticeOnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 133]
Regulations” ), the AGM of the Company is being 
held through VC / OAVM. The deemed venue for the 
AGM shall be the registered office of the Company 
i.e. 10 th Floor , T ower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg, 
Kurla West, Mumbai-400070, Maharashtra, India.
2.	 	The Notice of 10 th AGM ( “Notice” ) was approved 
by the Board of Directors at its meeting held on 
August 26, 2026 and the Company Secretary was 
authorised to issue the Notice.
3.	 	A statement pursuant to the provisions of Section 
102(1) of the Act, setting out the material facts 
relating to the Special Business(es) to be transacted 
at the AGM, is annexed hereto. Further, additional 
information as required under SEBI Listing 
Regulations and Circulars issued thereunder and 
disclosure requirements in terms of Secretarial 
Standard on General Meetings ( ‘SS-2’) issued by 
the Institute of Company Secretaries of India, in 
respect of Director retiring by rotation and seeking 
re-appointment are also annexed.
4.	 	In line with the Circulars, Notice of the AGM along 
with Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26 
and instruction for e-voting is being sent only by 
electronic mode to the Members of the Company 
whose email addresses are registered with the 
Company / Registrar and Share Transfer Agent 
(“RTA”)/Depositories and whose names appear on 
the Register of Members / list of Beneficial owners, 
as received from National Securities Depository 
Limited ( “NSDL ”) and Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited ( “ C DS L”) as on, cut-off date i.e 
Friday, August 21, 2026. Any person who is not a 
Member as on the cut-off date should treat this AGM 
Notice for information purposes only. The Company 
shall also, in compliance with Regulation 36(1)(b) of 
the SEBI Listing Regulations, send a letter containing 
the weblink and QR code for accessing the Notice of 
the 10th AGM and the Annual Report for the financial 
year 2025-26 to those shareholders whose email 
addresses are not registered with the Company, 
KFintech, Depository Participants or Depositories.
5.	 	Since this AGM is being held pursuant to the 
aforesaid Circulars through VC / OAVM, physical 
attendance of Members has been dispensed with. 
Accordingly, the facility for appointment of proxies 
by the Members will not be available for the AGM 
and hence the Proxy Form, Attendance Slip, and 
road map are not annexed to this Notice.
6.	 	Notice of the AGM along with Annual Report for 
the financial year 2025-26 will also be placed on 
the website of the Company at www.kissht.com , 
websites of the stock exchanges where the equity 
shares of the Company are listed i.e. BSE Limited 
(“BSE” ) and National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited ( “NSE” ) at www.bseindia.com  and www.
nseindia.com  respectively and on the website of  
NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com . The Company shall 
send the physical copy of the Notice of AGM and 
Annual Report for financial year 2025-26 to those 
Members who request for the same at compliance@
kissht.com or einward.ris@kfintech.com.
7 .		We urge Members to support our commitment to 
environmental protection by choosing to receive the 
Company’s communication through email. Members 
holding shares in demat mode, who have not 
registered their email addresses, are requested to 
register their email addresses with their respective 
Depository Participants to receive the Notice of 
AGM and Annual Report for financial year 2025-26 
in electronic mode.
8.	 	Members attending the AGM through VC / OAVM 
shall be reckoned for the purpose of quorum for the 
AGM as per Section 103 of the Act.
9.	 	Institutional Investors/Corporate Members intending 
to authorize their representatives to participate at 
the AGM and vote through remote e-Voting are 
requested to send a certified copy of the Board 
resolution / authorization letter to the Company by 
email to compliance@kissht.com  and the Scrutinizer 
at ramavenigalla@gmail.com  with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com .
10.	 	SEBI vide its Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/
OIAE_IAD-3/P/CIR/2023/195 dated December 28, 
2023, has introduced Online Dispute Resolution 
(‘ODR’), which is in addition to the existing SEBI 
Complaints Redress System (‘SCORES’) platform, 
which can be utilised by the investors and the 
Company for dispute resolution.
	 	Please note that the investors can initiate dispute 
resolution through the ODR portal only after 
exhausting the option to resolve dispute with the 
Company and on the SCORES platform. The SMART 
ODR Portal can be accessed at: https://smartodr.in/
login. The same link is also available at the website 
of the Company at www.kissht.com .
11.	 	Statutory Registers and all other documents 
referred to in the Notice shall be open for inspection 
at the registered office of the Company during 
business hours between 10:00 a.m. to 07:00 p.m. 
on all working days except on public holidays up 
to and including the date of the ensuing AGM of 
the Company. Members seeking to inspect such 
documents can send an email to compliance@
kissht.com  from their registered e-mail address by 
Notice of 10th Annual General Meeting
mentioning their name, DP ID and Client ID/Folio No. 
and Mobile No.
12.	 	In compliance with Section 108 of the Act, read 
with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), 
Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and 
in terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/ 
CIR/P/2020/242 dated December 9, 2020, the 
Company has provided a facility to its Members 
to exercise their votes electronically through the 
electronic voting ( “e-voting”) facility provided by 
the NSDL. Members who have cast their votes by 
remote e-voting prior to the AGM may participate 
in the AGM but shall not be entitled to cast their 
votes again. The manner of voting remotely by 
Members holding shares in dematerialized mode 
and for Members who have not registered their email 
addresses is provided in the ‘Instructions to vote 
electronically using NSDL e-voting system’ section 
which forms part of this Notice.
13.	 	Members holding shares as on cut-off date, i.e. 
Tuesday, September 15, 2026 may cast their votes 
electronically. The e-voting period commences on 
Friday, September 18, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. (IST) and 
ends on Monday, September 21, 2026 at 5:00 p.m. 
(IST). The e-voting module will be disabled by NSDL 
thereafter. Members will not be allowed to vote 
again on any resolution on which vote has already 
been cast. The voting rights of Members shall be 
proportionate to their share of the paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company as on the cut-off date, 
i.e. Tuesday, September 15, 2026. A person who is 
not a Member as on the cut-off date is requested to 
treat this Notice for information purpose only.
14.	 	In case of joint holders, the Member whose name 
appears as first holder in the order of names as per 
the Register of Members of the Company as on cut-
off date i.e. Tuesday, September 15, 2026 will be 
entitled to vote at the AGM.
15.	 	Facility of joining the AGM through VC/OAVM shall 
open 15 minutes before and after the time scheduled 
for the commencement of AGM. The Members will 
be able to view the proceedings on the website of 
National Securities Depository Limited ( ‘ N S D L’) at 
www.evoting.nsdl.com
16.	 	Please note that the facility for participation at the 
AGM through VC/OAVM will be made available 
to at least 1,000 Members on a first come first 
served basis as per the Circulars. This will not 
include large Shareholders (Shareholders holding 
2% or more shareholding), Promoters, Institutional 
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the 
Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. who are 
allowed to attend the AGM without restriction on 
account of first come first served basis.
17 .		Members who would like to express their views 
or ask questions during the AGM may register 
themselves as speaker by sending their request 
from their registered email address mentioning their 
name, DP ID and client ID, No. of shares, PAN, mobile 
number at compliance@kissht.com  on or before 
Friday, September 11, 2026. Those Members who 
have registered themselves as a speaker will be 
allowed to express their views, ask questions during 
the AGM. The Company reserves the right to restrict 
the number of speakers as well as the speaking time 
depending upon the availability of time at the AGM.
18.	 	Shareholders who would like to express their views/ 
have questions may send their questions in advance 
atleast 10 days prior to the date of AGM, mentioning 
their name demat account number/folio number, 
email id, mobile number at compliance@kissht.com . 
The same will be replied by the company suitably.
19.	 	Any person who acquires shares and becomes a 
Member of the Company after the Notice is sent and 
holding shares as on the cut-off date, i.e. Tuesday, 
September 15, 2026, may obtain the login ID and 
password by sending a request to evoting@nsdl.
com. However, if such person is already registered 
with NSDL for remote e-voting, then they can use 
their existing user ID and password for casting 
the vote.
20.	 	As per the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, the 
facility for making the nomination is available for 
the Shareholders in respect of the shares held by 
them. Shareholders who have not yet registered 
their nomination are requested to register the same 
by submitting Form No. SH-13. Shareholders are 
requested to submit the said form to their respective 
Depository Participant (DP).
21.	 	Members are requested to intimate changes/update, 
if any, pertaining to their name, postal address, email 
address, telephone/ mobile numbers, Permanent 
Account Number (PAN), mandates, nominations, 
power of attorney, Bank Details such as name of the 
Bank, Branch details, Bank account number, MICR 
code, IFSC code, etc., to their respective Depository 
Participants with whom they are maintaining their 
demat account.
22.	 	The Board of Directors has appointed Ms. Ramadevi 
Satish Venigalla, Practicing Company Secretary 
(FCS No.: 7345, CP No.: 17889) as the scrutinizer 
(“Scrutinizer” ) for scrutinizing the e-voting process 
in a fair and transparent manner and in accordance 
261260
NoticeOnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 134]
with the provisions of the Act and the Rules made 
there under.
23.	 	The Scrutinizer will submit her report on or before 
Thursday, September 24, 2026 to the Chairman of 
the Board (the “Chairman” ) or to any other person 
authorized by the Chairman after completion of the 
scrutiny of the e-voting (including remote e-voting 
and voting at AGM). The Scrutinizer’s decision on the 
validity of votes cast will be final. The result declared 
along with the Scrutinizer’s report shall be placed on 
the Company’s website at www.kissht.com  and on 
the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com . The 
Company shall simultaneously forward the results 
to NSE and BSE, where the shares of the Company 
are listed and shall also be displayed on the Notice 
Board at the Registered Office of the Company.
24.	 	The resolutions will be deemed to be passed on the 
date of the AGM subject to receipt of the requisite 
number of votes in favour of the resolutions.
25.	 	The Registrar and Transfer Agent of the Company 
is KFin Technologies Limited. The e-mail address of 
the RTA is einward.ris@kfintech.com .
26.	 	Contact details of the person responsible for 
addressing the queries/grievances connected with 
facility for voting by electronic means are:
Shraddha Rajkumar Patangia
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
10th Floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park,  
LBS Marg, Kurla (West),
Mumbai 400 070, Maharashtra, India
E-mail - compliance@kissht.com
Procedure For E-Voting:
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system?
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned below:
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A)	 	Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode
	 	In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id 
in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
	 	Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of shareholders  Login Method
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
NSDL.
1.	 	For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/
evoting/evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit 
Client Id, PAN No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received 
on registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you 
can see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting 
your vote during remote e-Voting or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting.
2.	 	Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.
nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home 
page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under 
‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. 
After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under 
Value added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and 
you will be able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service 
provider i.e. NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during remote e-Voting or joining virtual meeting & voting during 
the meeting.
3.	 	If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://
eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://
eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp
Notice of 10th Annual General Meeting
Type of shareholders  Login Method
4.	 	Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during remote 
e-Voting or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
	 	Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App “NSDL Speede” facility 
by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless voting experience.
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with 
CDSL
1.	 	Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their existing 
user id and password. Option will be made available to reach e-Voting page without 
any further authentication. The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi Tab and 
then use your existing my easi username & password.
2.	 	After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option for 
eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information provided by 
company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see e-Voting page of 
the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3.	 	If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then 
click on registration option.
4.	 	Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat Account 
Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com home 
page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile 
& Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, user will 
be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and also able to 
directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual Shareholders (holding 
securities in demat mode) 
login through their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your Depository 
Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, you will be 
able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e-Voting feature. Click 
on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to 
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during remote e-Voting or joining virtual 
meeting & voting during the meeting.
	 	Important note:  Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID and 
Forget Password option available at above mentioned website.
263262
NoticeOnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 135]
	 	Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical issues related to 
login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with NSDL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact NSDL helpdesk by 
sending a request at evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000
Individual Shareholders holding securities in 
demat mode with CDSL
Members facing any technical issue in login can contact CDSL helpdesk by 
sending a request at helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll free no. 
1800-21-09911
B)	 	Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode.
	 	How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
	 1.	 	Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web 
browser by typing the following URL: https://
www.evoting.nsdl.com/  either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile.
	 2.	 	Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
	 3.	 	A new screen will open. You will have to enter 
your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen.
	 	 	Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL 
eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://
eservices.nsdl.com/  with your existing IDEAS 
login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting 
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your 
vote electronically.
	 4.	 	Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of holding shares 
i.e. Demat (NSDL or CDSL) 
or Physical
 Your User ID is:
a)	 	For Members who 
hold shares in demat 
account with NSDL.
8 Character DP ID followed 
by 8 Digit Client ID
For example if your DP ID is 
IN300*** and Client ID is 
12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******.
b)	 	For Members who 
hold shares in demat 
account with CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your 
Beneficiary ID is 
12************** 
then your user ID is 
12**************
c)	 	For Members 
holding shares in 
Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed by 
Folio Number registered 
with the company
For example if folio number 
is 001*** and EVEN is 
101456 then user ID is 
101456001***
	 5.	 	Password details for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders are given below:
	 	 a)	 	If you are already registered for e-Voting, 	
then you can user your existing password 
to login and cast your vote.
	 	 b)	 	If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for 
the first time, you will need to retrieve the 
‘initial password’ which was communicated 
to you. Once you retrieve your ‘initial 
password’, you need to enter the ‘initial 
password’ and the system will force you to 
change your password.
	 	 c)	 	How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
	 	 	 (i)	 	If your email ID is registered in 
your demat account or with the 
company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email ID. 
Trace the email sent to you from NSDL 
from your mailbox. Open the email and 
open the attachment i.e. a .pdf file. 
Open the .pdf file. The password to 
open the .pdf file is your 8 digit client 
ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of 
client ID for CDSL account or folio 
number for shares held in physical 
form. The .pdf file contains your ‘User 
ID’ and your ‘initial password’.
	 	 	 (ii)	 	If your email ID is not registered, 
please follow steps mentioned below 
in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered
	 6.	 	If you are unable to retrieve or have not received 
the “Initial password” or have forgotten 
your password:
	 	 a)	 	Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?” 
(If you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com .
		b ) 	 	“Physical User Reset Password?”  (If 
you are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com .
Notice of 10th Annual General Meeting
	 	 c)	 	If you are still unable to get the password 
by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com  mentioning 
your demat account number/folio number, 
your PAN, your name and your registered 
address etc.
	 	 d)	 	Members can also use the OTP (One Time 
Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL.
	 7 .	 	After entering your password, tick on Agree 
to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting on the 
check box.
	 8.	 	Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
	 9.	 	After you click on the “Login” button, Home 
page of e-Voting will open.
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join 
General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL 
e-Voting system?
1.	 	After successful login at Step 1, you will be able 
to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you are 
holding shares and whose voting cycle and General 
Meeting are in active status.
2.	 	Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to 
cast your vote during the remote e-Voting period 
and voting during General Meeting.
3.	 	Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting 
page opens.
4.	 	Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options 
i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify the number of 
shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click 
on “Submit” and also “Confirm” when prompted.
5.	 	Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast 
successfully” will be displayed.
6.	 	You can also take the printout of the votes cast 
by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page.
7 .		Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you 
will not be allowed to modify your vote.
General Guidelines for shareholders
1.	 	Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, 
HUF, NRI etc.) are required to send scanned copy 
(PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ 
Authority letter etc. with attested specimen 
signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail 
to ramavenigalla@gmail.com  with a copy marked 
to evoting@nsdl.com . Institutional shareholders 
(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can also 
upload their Board Resolution / Power of Attorney / 
Authority Letter etc. by clicking on “Upload Board 
Resolution / Authority Letter”  displayed under 
“e-Voting” tab in their login.
2.	 	It is strongly recommended not to share your 
password with any other person and take utmost 
care to keep your password confidential. Login 
to the e-voting website will be disabled upon 
five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct 
password. In such an event, you will need to go 
through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on 
www.evoting.nsdl.com  to reset the password.
3.	 	In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently 
Asked Questions (FAQs) for Shareholders and 
e-voting user manual for Shareholders available 
at the download section of www.evoting.nsdl.com  
or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to 
Ms. Apeksha Gojamgunde at evoting@nsdl.com .
Process for those shareholders whose email 
ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration 
of e-mail ids for e-voting for the resolutions set 
out in this notice:
1 . 		In case shares are held in ph ysical mode please  
provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, scanned 
copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN 
(self attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR 
(self attested scanned copy of Aadhar Card) by 
email to compliance@kissht.com .
2.	 	In case shares are held in demat mode, please 
provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 16 
digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or copy of 
Consolidated Account statement, PAN (self attested 
scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested 
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to compliance@
kissht.com . If you are an Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode, you are requested 
to refer to the login method explained at step 1 
(A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode.
3.	 	Alternatively shareholder/Members may send a 
request to evoting@nsdl.com  for procuring user 
id and password for e-voting by providing above 
mentioned documents.
4.	 	In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 
on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode are allowed to vote through their demat 
account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are required to update 
265264
NoticeOnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 136]
their mobile number and email ID correctly in their 
demat account in order to access e-Voting facility.
Instructions for Members for E-Voting on the Day 
of the AGM are as Under:-
1.	 	The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the AGM 
is same as the instructions mentioned above for 
remote e-voting.
2.	 	Only those Members/ shareholders, who will be 
present in the AGM through VC/OAVM facility and 
have not cast their vote on the Resolutions through 
remote e-Voting and are otherwise not barred from 
doing so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting 
system in the AGM.
3.	 	Members who have voted through Remote e-Voting 
will be eligible to attend the AGM. However, they will 
not be eligible to vote at the AGM.
4 .		The details of the person who may be contacted 
for any grievances connected with the facility for 
e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the same 
person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
Instructions for Members for Attending the AGM 
through VC/OAVM are as Under:
1.	 	Member will be provided with a facility to attend the 
AGM through VC/OAVM through the NSDL e-Voting 
system. Members may access by following the 
steps mentioned above for access to NSDL e-Voting 
system. After successful login, you can see link of 
“VC/OAVM” placed under “Join meeting”  menu 
against company name. You are requested to click on 
VC/OAVM link placed under Join Meeting menu. The 
link for VC/OAVM will be available in Shareholder/
Member login where the EVEN of Company will be 
displayed. Please note that the Members who do not 
have the User ID and Password for e-Voting or have 
forgotten the User ID and Password may retrieve the 
same by following the remote e-Voting instructions 
mentioned in the notice to avoid last minute rush.
2.	 	Members are encouraged to join the Meeting 
through Laptops for better experience.
3.	 	Further Members will be required to allow Camera 
and use Internet with a good speed to avoid any 
disturbance during the meeting.
4.	 	Please note that Participants Connecting from Mobile 
Devices or Tablets or through Laptop connecting via 
Mobile Hotspot may experience Audio/Video loss 
due to Fluctuation in their respective network. It is 
therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-Fi or LAN 
Connection to mitigate any kind of aforesaid glitches.
Explanatory Statement Pursuant to Section 102 
of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing 
Regulations.
Item No. 4:
In terms of Regulation 24A of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ( “SEBI Listing 
Regulations” ) every listed entity is required to appoint 
a Peer Reviewed Company Secretary in Practice or 
a Peer Reviewed Firm of Company Secretaries in 
Practice, as a Secretarial Auditor of the Company on the 
recommendation of the Audit Committee and approval of 
the Board of Directors, to conduct the secretarial audit of 
the listed entity.
The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors at their 
respective meetings held on July 29, 2026, considered 
and recommended appointment of Ms. Ramadevi 
Satish Venigalla, a Peer Reviewed Company Secretary 
in Practice (FCS No: 7345 | COP No: 17889) as the 
Secretarial Auditor of the Company for a term of five 
consecutive financial years commencing from the 
financial year 2026-27 and ending with the financial year 
2030-31.
The proposed remuneration to be paid to Ms. Ramadevi 
Satish Venigalla for secretarial audit services for the 
financial year ending March 31, 2027 , shall be INR 
1,25,000/- (One Lakh Twenty-Five Thousand only) plus 
applicable taxes and out-of-pocket expenses, if any.
It is further proposed to authorize the Board of Directors, 
to finalize the above remuneration, and to approve 
any revision in remuneration during the term of the 
appointment including reimbursement and out of pocket 
expenses, if any.
Ms. Ramadevi Satish Venigalla is a Practicing Company 
Secretary with over 20 years of comprehensive 
experience in corporate laws, securities regulations and 
secretarial advisory services. She has advised listed and 
unlisted companies across diverse sectors on complex 
regulatory, compliance and restructuring matters under 
the Companies Act, SEBI Regulations and RBI framework.
Her practice is known for its strong technical proficiency, 
effective engagement with regulatory authorities, 
and hands on execution support in high-stakes 
corporate transactions.
Ms. Ramadevi Satish Venigalla has consented to her 
appointment as Secretarial Auditor, if appointed, and has 
confirmed that she has successfully undergone the Peer 
Review Process of the Institute of Company Secretaries 
of India (“ICSI”) and holds a valid Peer Review Certificate 
issued by the ICSI. Further, Ms. Ramadevi Satish Venigalla 
Notice of 10th Annual General Meeting
has confirmed that she is eligible for appointment as the 
Secretarial Auditor and satisfies the eligibility criteria 
prescribed under the applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations 
and is not disqualified from being appointed as the 
Secretarial Auditor of the Company.
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 24A 
of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the appointment of 
Secretarial Auditor is required to be approved by the 
Members of the Company. Accordingly, the approval of 
the Members is sought by way of an Ordinary Resolution 
set out at Item No. 4 of this Notice.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel 
of the Company or their relatives is, in any way, 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
proposed resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Ordinary 
Resolution set out at Item No. 4 of this Notice for approval 
by the Members.
Item No. 5:
The existing main objects of the Company, as set out 
in Clause III(A) of the Memorandum of Association 
(“MOA”), inter alia, cover activities relating to software 
and technology platforms, providing access to financial 
products and services through technology, e-commerce 
and distribution of insurance and other financial products.
In view of the evolving nature of the Company’s business 
and its technology-enabled offerings, it is proposed 
to suitably amend the main object of the Company to 
provide clarity and flexibility to undertake activities 
relating to technology platforms and allied services in the 
financial services ecosystem.
Accordingly, it is proposed to:
(i)	 	Substitute the existing Sub-clause 1 of III(A) as: 
To carry on the business of designing, developing, 
customizing, and hosting software and technology 
platforms, including mobile applications, web 
interfaces, payment gateways, and other 
technology for the purpose of distributing financial 
products and services, providing consumers 
information about and access to such products, and 
operating a marketplace connecting consumers 
with service providers through mobile, web, or 
other technology;
(ii)	 	Insert a new Sub-clause 4 in III(A) as: To carry on 
business/activities of processing of information for 
the support or benefit of credit institutions; and
(iii)	 	Insert a new Sub-clause 5 in Clause III(A) as: To 
carry on the business of providing outsourcing and 
allied support services to companies, institutions, 
financial intermediaries and other entities, 
including technology and digital support services, 
customer servicing and support, back-office 
and administrative services, intermediation and 
facilitation services, other operational, technical 
and business support services, in relation to 
financial products, whether undertaken directly 
or through third-party service providers, and 
to undertake all activities incidental or ancillary 
thereto, in accordance with and subject to 
applicable laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and 
regulatory approvals.
The proposed amendments are intended to align the 
main objects of the Company with its evolving business 
requirements and enable the Company to undertake the 
aforesaid activities in compliance with applicable laws 
and regulatory requirements. The proposed amendments 
do not authorise the Company to undertake any activity 
requiring a specific licence, registration, approval or 
permission under applicable laws, without obtaining 
the same.
The alteration of the main objects of the MOA requires 
the approval of the Members by way of a Special 
Resolution pursuant to Section 13 and other applicable 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules 
made thereunder. The proposed amendments are set 
out in the resolution forming part of this Notice. Further, 
the proposed alteration of the objects of the Company 
does not attract the provisions of Section 13(8) of 
the Companies Act, 2013 as the proposed alteration 
does not relate to the objects for which the Company 
has raised money from the public through initial 
public offering.
A copy of the existing MOA and the proposed altered 
MOA will be available for inspection by the Members 
electronically during business hours up to and including 
the date of the ensuing AGM. Members seeking 
inspection may write to the Company at compliance@
kissht.com from their registered email address.
None of the Directors, Key Managerial Personnel of the 
Company or their respective relatives is, in any way, 
concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, in the 
proposed resolution.
The Board of Directors recommends the Special 
Resolution set out at Item No. 5 of this Notice for approval 
by the Members.
267266
NoticeOnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 137]
Annexure to AGM Notice
Information of Director seeking re-appointment under Section 152 of the Companies Act, 2013, 
under Regulation 36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial Standard on General Meetings 
issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India are as given below:
Name of the Director Mr. Ranvir Singh
Directors Identification Number 06673951
Designation/category of the Director Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director 
Date of Birth and age Date of Birth – 11/06/1978
Age - 48 years
Date of first appointment to the Board January 02, 2017
Qualifications 1.	 	Bachelor of Technology in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of 
Technology, Bombay 
2.	 	Post graduate diploma in management from the Indian Institute of Management, 
Bangalore.
Brief Profile Ranvir Singh is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Director on the Board of 
our Company. He holds a degree of Bachelor of Technology in mechanical engineering from 
the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, and a post graduate diploma in management 
from the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore. He was previously associated with 
McKinsey and Company Inc – India, Shinka Technologies Private Limited (formerly Alia 
Consulting Solutions Private Limited) and Si Creva Consulting Services Private Limited and 
is a founding Member of the Fintech Association for Consumer Empowerment. He has over 
20 years of experience in the consultancy and finance sectors. 
Expertise/Experience in specific 
functional areas
(i)	 	Over 20 years of experience in Financial Services & Fintech.
(ii)	 	Founding Member of FACE (SRO-FT) – shaping fintech governance and consumer 
protection.
Former Associate Partner at McKinsey & Company, where he led the Financial Services 
Practice across India & SEA, advising 35+ banks and NBFCs on growth, SME lending, 
digital transformation, and financial inclusion, including support for Small Finance Bank 
and payments firm setups.
Terms and conditions of 
re-appointment
Re-appointment and terms and conditions as per the special resolution passed by the 
Members dated November 27, 2025.
Shareholding in the Company 
including Shareholding as a beneficial 
owner
2,42,91,232 ( Two Crore Forty Two Lakhs Ninety One Thousand Two Hundred and Thirty 
Two) Equity Shares of the Company 
Remuneration last drawn INR 1,00,00,000 (Indian Rupees One Crore only) 
Remuneration sought to be paid Not applicable
No. of Board meetings attended during 
the financial year 2025-2026
14 (Fourteen)
Relationship with other Directors or 
KMPs
Nil 
Directorships held in other companies 
in India
1.	 Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited
2.	 Invincible Minds Private Limited
Listed entities from which the Director 
has resigned in the past three years
Nil
Notice of 10th Annual General Meeting
*Membership / Chairmanship of 
committees in public limited and 
listed companies (including this listed 
Company) in India. 
*Note: Only the statutory committees 
are mentioned herein.
Name of the Company: OnEMI Technology Solutions Limited
Name of Committee Chairman/Member
Audit Committee Member
Nomination and Remuneration Committee Member
Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee Member
Risk Management Committee Chairman and Member 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Member
Name of the Company: Si Creva Capital Services Private Limited
Name of Committee Chairman/Member
Audit Committee Member
Risk Management Committee Member
Nomination and Remuneration Committee Member
IT Strategy Committee Member
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee Member 
269268
NoticeOnEMI Technology Solutions Limited   |   Annual Report 2025-26
[page 138]
Registered Office 
10th Floor, Tower 4, Equinox Park, LBS Marg, Kurla West, 
Mumbai-400070, Maharashtra, India