[page 1]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060  
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
 
Date: December 05, 2025 
 
To  
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street Fort, Mumbai -400001    
Scrip Code: 544614 
                                      
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza , Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -4000051 
Symbol: CAPILLARY 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Subject: Postal Ballot notice of Capillary Technologies India Limited (“the Company”) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith the Notice of Postal Ballot (‘Notice’) for seeking 
approval of Members of Capillary Technologies India Limited (“the Company”) to  the 
resolution as set out hereunder, only through remote E -Voting i.e., voting by electronic 
means (“E-Voting”): 
 
Special Business: 
 
Sr. No. Description of resolution Type of resolution 
1. Ratification of Capillary Employees Stock Option 
Scheme-2021 (“ESOP 2021/ Scheme”). 
Special 
 
In terms of various circulars issued by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, the Notice is being 
sent by electronic mode to those Members whose email addresses are registered with the 
Company/ Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA), MUFG Intime India Private Limited  
(formally known as Link Intime India Private Limited), Depositories and whose names 
appeared in the Register of Members/ list of beneficial owners maintained by the 
Company/ RTA/ Depositories as on Friday, November 28, 2025, (i.e. Cut -Off Date). 
Accordingly, a physical copy of the Notice along with physical copy of postal ballot form 
and prepaid business reply envelope have not been dispatched to the Members. 
 
The Company has engaged the services of National Securities Depository Limited 
(‘NSDL’) as the agency to provide e -voting facility. Members can cast their votes during 
the period mentioned herein below:  
 
Cut-off date for eligibility of e -
voting 
Friday, November 28, 2025 
Start of e-voting 09:00 a.m. (IST) on Saturday, December 06, 
2025 
End of e-voting 05:00 p.m. (IST) on Sunday, January 04, 2026 
 
[page 2]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060  
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
 
The Notice is also being uploaded on the Company’s website, i.e., 
https://www.capillarytech.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/12/Posal-Ballot-
Notice_04.12.2025.pdf and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
 
We request you to take the above information on records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Capillary Technologies India Limited 
 
 
 
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. 17091 
[page 3]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
POSTAL BALLOT NOTICE 
(Pursuant to Section 110, 108 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014) 
Dear Member(s), 
 
NOTICE is hereby given pursuant to Section 110 read with Section 108 of the Companies Act, 
2013 (“Act”) and other applicable provisions, if any, of the Act and Rule 20 and Rule 22 of the 
Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 (“Rules”), Re gulation 44 of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligati ons and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulati ons”) and the Secr etarial Standard on General 
Meetings issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (“SS-2”), as amended from 
time to time, read with the General Circular Nos. 14/2020 dated April 8, 2020, 17/2020 dated 
April 13, 2020, and subsequent circulars issued in this regard, the latest being 03/2025 dated 
September 22, 202 5 issued by the Ministry of Cor porate Affairs (“MCA”) (hereinaft er 
collectively referred to as “M CA Circulars”), that the resolution  set out below are proposed 
for approval by the members of Capillary Technologies India Limited (“the Company”) 
through Postal Ballot by voting through electronic means (“remote e-voting”) only. 
 
An Explanatory Statement pursuant to Secti ons 102, 110 and other applicable provisions, if 
any, of the Act, pertaining to the Special Resolution setting out the material facts and reasons 
thereof, is appended to this Postal Ballot Notice. The Notice will also be placed on the website 
of the Company at https://www.capillarytech.com/investors/shareholder-information/  
websites of the stock exchanges where the equity shares of the Company are listed i.e. BSE 
Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com and 
www.nseindia.com respectively and on the website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com  
 
In compliance with Regulation 44 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and pursuant to the 
provisions of Sections 108 and 110 of the Act read with the Rules framed thereunder and the 
MCA circulars, the manner of voting on the proposed resolution is restricted only to e-voting 
i.e., by casting votes electronically instead of submitting postal ballot forms. Accordingly, the 
Notice and instru ctions for e -voting are being sent only through electronic mode to those 
members whose e -mail address is registered with the Company/depository participant(s). 
The details of the procedure to cast the vote forms part of the ‘Notes’ to this Notice. 
 
Scrutinizer for conducting the Postal Ballot  
 
The Board of Directors of the Company (“ Board”) has appointed CS Pramod S M, 
(Membership No. F7834, COP: 13784), or in his absence CS Biswajit Ghosh (Membership No. 
F8750, COP: 8239), Partner of M/s . BMP & Co. LLP, a Practicing Company Secretary firm, 
Bengaluru, as the Scrutinizer (“Scrutinizer”) for scrutinizing the postal ballot / e-voting in a 
fair and transparent manner in accordance with applicable laws. 
 
[page 4]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
 
E-voting  
 
Members are requested to carefully read the instructions in this Notice and record their assent 
(FOR) or dissent (AGAINST) through the remote e-voting process. The remote e-voting period 
commences on Saturday, December 06, 2025 from 9.00 a.m. (IST) and ends on Sunday, January 
04, 202 6 at 5.00  p.m. (IST). The remote e -voting will be blocked by NSDL immediately 
thereafter and will not be allowed beyond the said date and time. 
 
SPECIAL BUSINESS: 
 
1.  RATIFICATION OF CAPILLARY EMPLOYEES STOCK OPTION SCHEME-2021 
(“ESOP 2021/ SCHEME”). 
 
To consider and if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as a Special Resolution: 
 
“RESOLVED THAT pursuant to applicable provisions of Section 62(1)(b) of the 
Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”), Rule 12 of SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat 
Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations”) and such other laws, rules, 
regulations, notificat ions and circulars (including any statutory modification(s) or 
amendment(s) thereto or re-enactment(s) thereof, for the time being in force) as may be 
applicable (“Applicable Laws”), the relevant provisions of the Memorandum of 
Association and Articles of Association of Capillary Technologies India Limited 
(“Company”) and further subject to such other approvals, consents, permissions and 
sanctions as may be necessary from the appropriate authorities or bodies and subject to 
such conditions and modifications  as may be prescribed or imposed by the relevant 
authorities, the ‘Capillary Employees Stock Option Scheme  - 2021 (“ESOP 20 21” or 
“Scheme”) as amended and approved by the Members of the Company on 30th May 2025, 
prior to the listing of equity shares of the  Company on BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited, be and is hereby ratified within the meaning of the SEBI (SBEB 
& SE) Regulations, as detailed in the explanatory statement annexed hereto, along with 
the consent accorded to the Board of  Directors of the Company (“Board” which 
expression shall also include the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the 
Company, or any other Committee constituted/to be constituted by the Board in line with 
the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations), being authori sed to create, offer, issue, reissue and 
allot employee stock options (“ESOPs”) Equity shares on exercise of options, issue fresh 
options, reissue options that may have lapsed / cancelled / surrendered already 
approved at any time to or for the benefit of the eligible employees under the ESOP 2021, 
and to grant the ESOPs to the eligible employees on such terms and conditions as 
provided in the ESOP 2021 and as may be fixed or determined by the Board in accordance 
with the Act and other Applicable Laws. 
 
[page 5]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the consent be and is hereby accorded to the Board to 
create, offer, grant, issue, reissue and allot not exceeding 72,91,000 employee stock 
options (“ESOPs”), exercisable into 72,91,000 equity shares  of face value of Rs. 2/ - each 
of the Company, at such price, in one or more tranches, from time to time, to the eligible 
employees of the Company  including subsidiary(ies) or its associate company, in India 
or outside India, or of the Holding Company of the Company, whether working in India 
or out of India, present or future, as may be decided by the Board and permitted under 
the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations, with each option giving a right, but not an obligation, 
to the Eligible Employees and that the grant of options, vesting and exercise thereof shall 
be in and on such terms and conditions, as may be determined by the Board in accordance 
with the provisions of the Scheme, the accounting policies, SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations 
and in due compliance with the applicable laws and regulations in force, be and is hereby 
ratified and approved. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  the authority granted to the Board of Directors of the 
Company (“Board” which expression shall also include the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Company, or any o ther Committee constituted/to be 
constituted by the Board in line with the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations) to grant ESOPs 
be and is hereby ratified. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT in case of any corporate action(s) such as rights issues, 
bonus issues, merger and sale of division or other re-organisation, split, change in capital 
structure of the Company, as applicable from time to time, if any additional Options are 
granted or equity shares are issued by the Company to the grantees for the purpose of 
making a fair an d reasonable adjustment to the Options granted earlier, in accordance 
with ESOP 2021. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  consent be and is hereby accorded to the Board of the 
Company (“Board” which expression shall also include the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Company, or any other Committee constituted/to be 
constituted by the Board in line with the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations), to issue and allot 
equity shares upon exercise of options from time to time in accordance with the ESOP 
2021 and the shares so issued shall rank pari passu in all respects with the existing Equity 
Shares of the Company. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT consent be and is hereby accorded to the Board to modify, 
change, vary, alter, amend, suspend or terminate the ESOP 2021 at any time subject to 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations and further subject to consent of the 
Members by way of a special resolution to the extent required under SEBI (SBEB & SE) 
Regulations and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and thing s as it may deem fit at its 
absolute discretion for such purpose and also to settle any issues, questions, difficulties 
or doubts that may arise in this regard and further to execute all such documents, writings 
[page 6]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
and to give such directions and/or instructions as may be necessary or expedient to give 
effect to such modification, change, variation, alteration, amendment, suspension or 
termination of the Scheme and do all other things incidental and ancillary thereto in 
conformity with the provisions of the Ac t, SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations, the relevant 
provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and any 
other applicable laws in force. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT for the purpose of giving effect to the above resolutions, 
the Board  (“Board” which expression shall also include the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee of the Company)  be and is hereby authorized on behalf of the 
Company, to evolve, decide upon and bring in to effect the Scheme and modifications, 
changes, variations, alterations, or revisions in the said Scheme from time to time or to 
suspend, withdraw or revive the Scheme from time to time as may be specified by any 
statutory authority and to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things as it may in its 
absolute discretion deem fit or necessary or desirable for such purpose including taking 
all the necessary steps for listing of the equity shares allotted on the Stock Exchanges as 
per the terms and conditions of the listing agreement with the concerned Stock 
Exchanges, as and when required and with power on behalf of the Company to settle any 
questions, difficulties, or doubts that may arise in this regard without requiring the Board 
to secure any further consent or approval of the members of the Company.  
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THA T any Director or CFO or Company Secretary of the 
Company be and are hereby authorized to take such steps as may be necessary for 
obtaining approvals, statutory, contractual or otherwise in relation to the above and to 
settle all matters arising out of and  incidental thereto and to execute all deeds, 
applications, documents and writings that may be required, on behalf of the Company 
and generally to do all such acts, deeds, matters and things and to give from time to time 
such directions as may be necessary , proper, expedient or incidental for the purpose of 
giving effect to these resolutions, be and is hereby ratified. 
 
RESOLVED FURTHER THAT  any Director or CFO or Company Secretary of the 
Company be and are hereby authorised to certify a copy of this resolu tion and issue the 
same to all concerned parties.” 
 
By order of the Board of Directors, 
For Capillary Technologies India Limited  
 
Sd/- 
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. 17091 
 
 
 
 
Date: December 04, 2025 
Registered Office: 360, bearing PID 
No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4, 
HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 
560102 
 
 
[page 7]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
NOTES: 
 
1. Pursuant to Sections 102 and 110 of the Act read together with Rule 20 and 22 of the Rules 
and other applicable laws, an explanatory statement setting out material facts and reasons 
for the proposed resolution is appended hereto.  
 
2. This Postal Ballot Notice is being sent by email only to the members of the Company, 
whose names appear on the Register of members/list of beneficial owners, as received 
from National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services 
(India) Limited (CDSL) and Registrar and Share Transfer Agent on, Friday, November 28, 
2025, the cut-off date. Any person who has received but who is not a member as on the 
cut-off date  should treat this Postal Ballot Notice for information purposes only. The 
Postal Ballot Notice is sent electronically to all the members who have registered their 
email addresses with the Company /Depositories/Depository Participants/Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent (RTA). The same may also be downloaded from the Company’s 
website https://www.capillarytech.com/investors/shareholder-information/ the 
website of NSDL, BSE and NSE.  
 
3. Only those members whose names are appearing in the register of members / list of 
beneficial owners as on the Cut-Off Date shall be eligible to cast their votes through Postal 
Ballot. The voting rights of the members shall be in proportion to their share of the paid-
up equity share capital of the Company as on the Cut -Off Date. Members can vote for 
their entire voting rights as per their discretion.  
 
4. The dispatch of the Postal Ballot Notice and the Explanatory St atement shall be 
announced through an advertisement in at least 1 (one) English newspaper and at least 1 
(one) Kannada newspaper, each with wide circulation in the district, where the Registered 
Office of the Company is situated, and also be published on t he Company’s website at  
https://www.capillarytech.com/investors/shareholder-information/  
 
5. As permitted by MCA vide MCA Circulars, the Company is sending this Notice in 
electronic form only. Hence, in compliance with the MCA Circulars, hard copy of Notice 
along with Postal Ballot forms and Pre -paid Business Reply Envelope will not be sent to 
the members for this Postal Ballot. Accordingly, the members may note that 
communication of the assent or dissent of the members would take place through the 
remote e-voting system only.  
 
6. We urge members to support our commitment to environmental protection by choosing 
to receive the Company’s communication through email. Members holding shares in 
demat mode, who have not registered their email addresses are requested to register their 
email addresses with their respective depository participants and members holding 
shares in physical mode are requested to update their email addresses with the Company 
[page 8]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
by sending an email to investorrelations@capillarytech.com to receive the Notice in 
electronic mode. Members may follow the process detailed below for registration of email 
ID to obtain the Notice, user ID / password for e- voting.  
 
Registering Email Address 
Please contact your DP and register your email address in your demat account, as per 
the process advised by your DP. 
Form for availing investor services to register PAN, email address, 
bank details and other KYC details or changes / update thereof for 
securities held in physical mode 
Form ISR - 1 
Update of signature of securities holder Form ISR - 2 
For nomination as provided in Rules 19 (1) of Companies (Share 
capital and debenture) Rules, 2014 
Form SH - 13 
Declaration to opt out Form ISR - 3 
Cancellation of nomination by the holder(s) (along with ISR -3) / 
Change of Nominee 
Form SH - 14 
Form for requesting issue of Duplicate Certificate and other service 
requests for shares / debentures / bonds, etc., held in physical form 
Form ISR - 4 
 
   Alternatively, member may send an e -mail request to evoting@nsdl.com for obtaining 
User ID and Password for e -voting. After successful submission of the e -mail address, 
NSDL will e -mail a copy of this Notice along wi th the remote e -voting user ID and 
password, within 48 hours of successful registration of the e-mail address by the member. 
In case of any queries, members may write to evoting@nsdl.com 
 
7. The Board of Directors of the Company vide their resolution dated December 04, 2025 has 
appointed CS Pramod S M, (Membership No. F7834, COP: 13784), or in his absence CS 
Biswajit Ghosh (Membership No. F8750, COP: 8239),  Partner of M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, a 
Practicing Company Secretary firm, Bengaluru, as the Scrutinizer for scrutinizing the 
postal ballot / e-voting process in a fair and transparent manner and in accordance with 
the provisions of the Act and the Rules made there under.  
 
8. All mater ial documents referred to in the explanatory statement will be available for 
inspection at the Registered Office of the Company during office hours on all working days 
from the date of dispatch until the last date for receipt of votes by e -voting. Alternately, 
members may also send their requests to investorrelations@capillarytech.com or 
evoting@nsdl.com from their registered e -mail address mentioning their na mes, folio 
numbers, DP ID and Client ID during the voting period of the postal ballot i.e. between 
the periods December 06, 2025 to January 04, 2026.  
 
9. In compliance with the provisions of Section 108, 110 and other applicable provisions of 
the Act read wi th Rules 20 and 22 of the Rules and Regulation 44 of the Listing 
[page 9]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
Regulations, SS-2, the MCA Circulars, the Company has provided only e -voting facility 
for its members to enable them to cast their votes electronically. The Company has 
engaged the services of NSDL to provide e-voting facility to its members.  
 
10. Once the vote on the resolution is cast by the members, the members shall not be allowed 
to change it subsequently.  
 
11. The Scrutinizer will submit his report to the Chairperson of the Board (the “Chairperson”) 
or to any other person authorized by the Chairperson after completion of the scrutiny of 
the e -voting not later than 2 (two) working days from the last day of e -voting. The 
Scrutinizer’s decision on the validity of votes cast will be final. The resu lt declared along 
with the Scrutinizer’s report shall be communicated to the Stock Exchanges, NSDL and 
RTA and will also be displayed on the Company’s website at 
https://www.capillarytech.com/investors/shareholder-information/   
 
12. Resolution passed by the members through Postal Ballot are deemed to have been passed 
as if the same have been passed at a general meeting of the members convened in that 
behalf. The last date specified by the Company for e-voting shall be the date on which the 
resolution would be deemed to have been passed, if approved by th e requisite majority 
i.e. on Sunday, January 04, 2026.  
 
13. Contact details of the person responsible to address the queries/grievances connected 
with the voting by electronic means, if any:  
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy,  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
#360 bearing PID No 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4, HSR Layout, Bangalore 560 102 , 
Karnataka, India  
Email: investorrelations@capillarytech.com  
Phone: +91 8041225179 
 
How do I vote electronically using NSDL e-Voting system? 
 
The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system consists of “Two Steps” which are mentioned 
below: 
 
Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system 
 
A) Login method for e -Voting for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat 
mode 
 
In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e -Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
[page 10]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository Partici pants. 
Shareholders are advised to update their mobile number and email Id in their demat accounts 
in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below: 
 
Type of 
shareholders 
 Login Method 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL. 
1. For OTP based login you can click 
on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/evotinglogin.j
sp . You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID, 8-digit Client Id, PAN 
No., Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on 
registered email id/mobile number and click on login. After 
successful authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL 
Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting pag e. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL  and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period. 
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e -Services website of NSDL Viz. 
https://eservices.nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a 
mobile. On the e -Services home page click on the “ Beneficial 
Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under ‘IDeAS’ 
section , this will prompt you to enter yo ur existing User ID and 
Password. After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-
Voting services under Value added services. Click on “Access to e-
Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be able to see e-Voting 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e -Services, option to register is 
available at https://eservices.nsdl.com.  Select “Register Online for 
IDeAS Portal”  or click at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp  
4. Visit the e -Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing 
the following URL: https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a 
Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once the home page of e-Voting 
system is launched, c lick on the icon “Login” which is available 
under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You 
will have to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account 
number hold with NSDL), Password/OTP and a Verification Code 
as shown on the screen. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e -Voting 
[page 11]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period.  
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App 
“NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below 
for seamless voting experience. 
 
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL 
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login 
through their existing user id and password. Option  will be made 
available to reach e-Voting page without any further authentication. 
The users to login Easi / Easiest are requested to visit CDSL website 
www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New System Myeasi 
Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password. 
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the 
e-Voting option for eligible companies where the evoting is in 
progress as per the information provided by company. On clicking 
the evoting option, the user will be able to see e -Voting page of the 
e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the remote e-
Voting period. Additionally, there is also links provided to access 
the system of all e-Voting Service Providers, so that the user can visit 
the e-Voting service providers’ website directly. 
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is 
available at CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & 
New System Myeasi Tab and then click on registration option. 
4. Alternatively, the user can direct ly access e -Voting page by 
providing Demat Account Number and PAN No. from an e-Voting 
link available on www.cdslindia.com home page. The system will 
authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered Mobile & Email 
as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e -Voting option where the evoting is in 
progress and also able to directly access the system of all e -Voting 
Service Providers. 

[page 12]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding 
securities in 
demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants 
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account 
through your Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for 
e-Voting facility. Upon logging in, you will be able to see e -Voting 
option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected to NSDL/CDSL 
Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see e -
Voting feature. Click on company name or e -Voting service provider 
i.e. NSDL and you will be r edirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for 
casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period. 
 
Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use 
Forget User ID and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website. 
 
Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository i.e. NSDL and CDSL. 
 
Login type Helpdesk details 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with NSDL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact NSDL helpdesk by sending a request at  
evoting@nsdl.com or call at 022 - 4886 7000 
Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode with CDSL 
Members facing any technical issue in login can 
contact CDSL helpdesk by sending a request at 
helpdesk.evoting@cdslindia.com or contact at toll 
free no. 1800-21-09911 
 
 
B) Login Method for shareholders other than Individual shareholders holding securities 
in demat mode and shareholders holding securities in physical mode. 
 
How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website? 
 
1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile.  
2. Once the home page of e -Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which 
is available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. 
3. A new screen will open. You will have to enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and 
a Verification Code as shown on the screen. 
Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log -in at 
https://eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices 
after using your log -in credentials, click on e -Voting and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast 
your vote electronically. 
4. Your User ID details are given below : 
 
[page 13]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
Manner of holding shares i.e. Demat 
(NSDL or CDSL) or Physical 
 Your User ID is: 
a) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with NSDL. 
8 Character DP ID followed by 8 Digit 
Client ID 
For example if your DP ID is IN300*** 
and Client ID is 12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******. 
b) For Members who hold shares in 
demat account with CDSL. 
16 Digit Beneficiary ID 
For example if your Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your user ID is 
12************** 
c) For Members holding shares in 
Physical Form. 
EVEN Number followed by Folio 
Number registered with the company 
For example if folio number is 001*** 
and EVEN is 101456 then user ID is 
101456001*** 
 
 
5. Password details for shareholders other than Individual shareholders are given below:  
a) If you are already registered for e -Voting, then you can user your existing 
password to login and cast your vote. 
 
b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system for the first time, you will need to retrieve 
the ‘initial password’ which was communicated to you. Once you retrieve your 
‘initial password’, you need to enter the ‘initial password’ and the system will 
force you to change your password. 
 
c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’? 
(i) If your email ID is registered in your demat account or with the company, 
your ‘initial password’ is communicated to you on your email ID. Trace the 
email sent to you from NSDL from your mailbox. Open the email and open 
the attachment i.e. a .p df file. Open the .pdf file. The password to open the 
.pdf file is your 8 digit client ID for NSDL account, last 8 digits of client ID 
for CDSL account or folio number for shares held in physical form. The .pdf 
file contains your ‘User ID’ and your ‘initial password’.  
(ii) If your email ID is not registered, please follow steps mentioned below in 
process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered  
 
[page 14]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
6.  If you are unable to retrieve or have not received the “ Initial password” or have 
forgotten your password: 
a) Click on “ Forgot User Details/Password ?”(If you are holding shares in your 
demat account with NSDL or CDSL) option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com. 
b)  Physical User Reset Password ?” (If you are holding shares in physical mode) 
option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com  
c) If you are still unable to get the password by aforesaid two options, you can send 
a request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning your demat account number/folio 
number, your PAN, your name and your registered address etc. 
d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL. 
 
7. After entering your password, tick on Agree to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting 
on the check box. 
8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button. 
9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home page of e-Voting will open. 
 
Step 2: Cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system. 
 
How to cast your vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting system? 
1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able to see all the companies “EVEN” in 
which you are holding shares and whose voting cycle. 
2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish to cast your vote during the remote e-
Voting period. 
3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the Voting page opens. 
4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify 
the number of shares for which you wish to cast your vote and click on “Submit” and 
also “Confirm” when prompted. 
5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast successfully” will be displayed.  
6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast by you by clicking on the print option 
on the confirmation page. 
7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, you will not be allowed to modify your 
vote. 
General Guidelines for shareholders 
1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to 
send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the relevant Board Resolution/ Authority 
letter etc. with attested specimen signature of the duly authorized signatory(ies) who 
are authorized to vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to pramod@bmpandco.com with a 
copy marked to evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HU F, NRI etc.) can also upload their Board Resolution / Power of 
Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on "Upload Board Resolution / Authority 
Letter" displayed under "e-Voting" tab in their login. 
[page 15]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
2. It is strongly recommended not to share your password with any other person and 
take utmost care to keep your password confidential. Login to the e -voting website 
will be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts to key in the correct password. In 
such an event, you will need to go through the “Forgot User Details/Password?” or 
“Physical User Reset Password?” option available on www.evoting.nsdl.com to reset 
the password.  
3. In case of any queries, you may refer the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs ) for 
Shareholders and e -voting user manual for Shareholders available at the download 
section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on : 022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Mr. 
Falguni Chakraborty, Assistant Manager at evoting@nsdl.com  
 
Process for those shareholders whose email ids are not registered with the depositories for 
procuring user id and password and registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the resolution 
set out in this notice: 
 
1. In case shares are held in physical mode please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front and back), PAN (self-attested scanned copy of 
PAN card), AADHAR ( self-attested scanned copy of Aa dhar Card) by email to 
investorrelations@capillarytech.com  
2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID 
or 16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master or  copy of Consolidated Account 
statement, PAN ( self-attested scanned copy of PAN card), AADHAR ( self-attested 
scanned copy of Aadhar Card) to investorrelations@capillarytech.com. If you are an 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode, you are requested to refer to 
the login method explained at step 1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting for Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode. 
3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send a request to evoting@nsdl.com for 
procuring user id and password for e-voting by providing above mentioned documents. 
4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to 
vote through their demat account maintained with Depositories and Depository 
Participants. Shareholders are required to update their mobile number and email ID 
correctly in their demat account in order to access e-Voting facility. 
 
By order of the Board of Directors, 
For Capillary Technologies India Limited  
 
Sd/- 
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer,  
Membership No. 17091 
 
 
 
 
Date: December 04, 2025 
Registered Office: 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 
15th Cross Rd, Sector 4, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, 
Karnataka 560102 
[page 16]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
 
EXPLANATORY STATEMENT 
Pursuant to Section 102 the Companies Act, 2013 ("Act") 
 
Item No. 1: 
 
Capillary Employees Stock Option Scheme -2021 (“ESOP 2021  / Scheme ”) of Capillary 
Technologies India Limited was approved by the members at the extra -ordinary general 
meeting held on October 29, 2021 and the sub sequent amendments to the Scheme were 
approved by the shareholders at their meetings held on November 30, 2021, March 24, 2023, 
October 10, 2023, April 10, 2025 and May 30, 2025.  
 
ESOP 20 21 was amended in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SBEB Regulations”), 
pursuant to the resolutions of the shareholders at their meetings held on March 12, 2025, April 
10, 2025 and May 30, 2025, prior to the listing of equity shares of the Company on BSE Limited 
and National Stock Exchange of India Limited, respectively for the benefit of the eligible 
employees of the Company  including subsidiary(ies) or its associate company, in India or 
outside India, or of the Holding Company of the Company, which entitles them to the shares 
of the Company. The ESOP 2021 has been formulated by the Board with an aim to encourage 
and motivate employees of the Company in strengthening and improving their performance, 
thereby contributing to the overall growth of the Company. The Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee shall administer the ESOP 2021 in accordance with the applicable 
laws.  
 
In terms of Regulation 12(1) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee 
Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021 (“SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations”), no company 
is permitted to make any fresh grants which involves allotment of shares to its employees 
under an employee stock option s cheme formulated prior to listing of its shares unless such 
scheme is in conformity with the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations and is ratified by its members 
after the listing of the shares of the Company. 
 
Further in terms of provisions of Rule 12(4) of Compan ies (Share Capital and Debenture) 
Rules, 2014, approval of the shareholders by way of a separate resolution shall be obtained by 
the Company in case of grant of options to identified employees of the Company, during any 
one year, equal to or exceeding 1% of the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants and 
conversions) of the Company at the time of grant of option. 
 
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on December 04, 2025 , based on the 
recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“NRC”) and subject to 
approval of members, approved the proposal for ratification of ESOP 2021. 
 
[page 17]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
Accordingly, approval of the Members is being sought for the aforementioned item no. 1. 
 
None of the Directors or Key Managerial Personnel (as defined under the Act) and their 
immediate relatives are concerned or interested, financially or otherwise, except to the extent 
that the stock options may be granted to any of them pursuant to the ESOP 2021. 
 
The particulars as required under Section 62 (1)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (SBEB 
&SE) Regulations are provided in Annexure I.  
 
The Board thereby recommends passing of the resolu tion as set out under Item No. 1 of this 
notice for approval of the Members as special resolution. 
 
By order of the Board of Directors, 
For Capillary Technologies India Limited  
 
Sd/- 
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer,  
Membership No. 17091 
 
 
 
 
Date: December 04, 2025 
Registered Office: 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 
15th Cross Rd, Sector 4, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, 
Karnataka 560102 
 
Annexure-I 
 
The details of the proposed variation in the terms of existing ESOP Plan of the Company 
as required under Section 62 (1)(b) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with rule 12(5)(b) of the 
Companies (Share Capital and Debentures) Rules, 2014 and SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations, 
are as under: 
 
The Company appreciates the role which people play in organizational growth. It strongly 
feels that the value created by its people should be shared with them. To create the feeling of 
inclusiveness and recognizing the contribution of the employees in building up the Company 
and to promote the culture of employee ownership and as w ell as to attract, retain, motivate 
and incentivize employees, the Company is intending to issue employee stock options under 
an employee stock option plan namely “Capillary Employee s Stock Option Scheme 2021 
(“ESOP 2021”)” to the employees of the Company,  as relevant, as determined from time to 
time. 
 
 (a) Brief description of the Capillary ESOP Scheme 2021: 
 
The Objective of the scheme is to attract and retain talent in and within the Company, 
encourage employees to strive to perform better, and ultimatel y incentivize such employees 
who exhibit traits appreciated by the Company. 
 
[page 18]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
(b) The total number of employee stock options to be offered and granted: 
 
The maximum options under the pool of ESOP 2021 that may be granted shall be 72,91,000 
options which shall correspond to 72,91,000 Equity shares having face value of Rs. 2/ - each, 
in one or more tranches, on such other terms and conditions as the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, may decide from time to time, subject to any adjustment a s may 
be required due to any corporate action or change in control of the Company.  
  
The Company prior to its IPO has granted 29,61,948 options.  
 
(c) Identification of classes of employees entitled to participate and be beneficiaries in the 
Capillary ESOP Scheme 2021: 
 
Post listing of the equity shares of the Company on a recognized stock exchange (BSE Limited 
and the National Stock Exchange of India Limited) (as per Regulation 2(i) of the SEBI SBEB 
Regulations, as amended): 
i) an employee as designated b y the Company, who is exclusively working in India or 
outside India; or 
ii) a director of the Company, whether a whole -time director or not, including a non -
executive director who is not a Promoter or member of the Promoter Group, but 
excluding an Independent Director; or 
iii) an employee as defined in sub -clauses (i) or (ii), of a group company including 
subsidiary or its associate company, in India or outside India, or of the Holding 
Company of the Company, but does not include –  
(a) an employee who is a Promoter or a person belonging to the Promoter Group; or 
(b) a director who, either himself or through his relative or through anybody corporate, 
directly or indirectly, holds more than ten percent of the outstanding Shares of the 
Company. 
 
The eligibility to participate in the respective ESOP 2021 is subject to such criteria as may be 
determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee at its discretion, including, but 
not limited to, the performance metrics on the achievement of which the granted ESOPs 
would vest and which may be specified in the respective letters of grant to be issued to the 
grantee. 
 
(d) Requirements of vesting and period of vesting: 
 
The ESOPs shall vest not earlier than One (1) year from the date of grant for ESOPs and not 
later than 10 (ten) years from the date of grant. Vesting of ESOPs shall be subject to the terms 
and conditions mentioned in the ESOP 2021 as may be specified by the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee including the continued employment with the Company, and 
[page 19]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
certain performance conditions, and thus the Options would vest on passage of time on a 
quarterly/half yearly/ yearly basis.  
 
(e) Maximum period within which the Options shall be vested: 
 
There shall be a minimum period of one (1) year between the Grant of Options and Vesting of 
Options, with a maximum period of ten (10) years from the date of Grant by the Committee, 
including the continued employment with the Company, and certain performance conditions, 
and thus the Options would vest on passage of time on a quarterly/half yearly/ yearly basis. 
 
(f) The exercise price or the pricing formula for arriving at the same: 
 
The Exercise Price for the options granted before listing shall be as per the grant letters issued 
to employees, Exercise Price for the Options Granted post coming in to effect of this scheme 
shall be a price which should not be more than the volume weighted average price of last 90 
days immediately preceding working day of the date of grant of Options, on the stock 
exchange, having the highest trading volume. 
 
(g) Exercise period and process of exercise: 
The exercise period and the process of exercise is as below: 
Particulars 
Vested Options Unvested Options 
In case of continuation 
of employment 
All the Vested Options (whether granted 
pre-Listing or post -Listing) can be 
exercised within (a) 10 (ten) years from 
the date of vesting of options, or (b) 12 
(twelve) years from the date of Listing, 
whichever is later. 
 
All the Unvested Options shall 
continue to Vest as per the Vesting 
schedule. 
Resignation All the Vested Options shall be 
exercisable by the Option Grantee 
within 1 year from his last working day 
with the Company. 
All the Unvested Options as on date 
of resignation shall cease to Vest 
with the Employee and such 
Unvested Options shall be added to 
the ESOP Pool. It is clarified that no 
Options shall Vest during the notice 
period of the Employee. 
Death 
 
 
 
 
All Options Granted as on date of death 
would vest in the legal heirs / nominee 
of the Grantee on that day. The Options 
would be exercisable by the legal heirs / 
nominee within a period of 1 year from 
the date of death, failing which all the 
All the Unvested Options as on the 
date of death shall vest immediately 
and may be exercised by the Option 
Grantee's nominee or legal heirs 
immediately after, but in no event 
later than 1 year from the date of 
[page 20]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
Unexercised Options shall lapse 
irrevocably and the rights there under 
shall be extinguished and such lapsed 
options shall be available for furthe r 
grants. 
death of the Option Grantee. It is 
hereby clarified that the Vesting 
Period of 1 (one) year as regards 
Vesting will not apply in case of 
death of Option Grantee. 
Termination due to 
Permanent 
Incapacitation 
All Options Granted to Grantee as on 
date of Permanent Incapacity would 
vest in Grantee on that day. The Options 
would be exercisable within a period of 
1 Year from the date of Permanent 
Incapacity by the Grantee/nominee, 
failing which all the Unexercised 
Options shall lapse irrevocably and the 
rights there under shall be extinguished 
and such lapsed options shall be 
available for further grants. 
All the Unvested Options as on the 
date of such Permanent 
Incapacitation shall vest 
immediately and can be exercised 
by the Option Grantee or, in case of 
his death, the nominee or legal heirs 
immediately after, but in no event 
later than 1 year from the date of 
termination of the Option Grantee. 
It is hereby clarified that the Vesting 
Period of 1 (one) year as regards 
Vesting will not apply in case of 
Permanent Incapacity of Option 
Grantee. 
Termination due to 
Cause 
All the Vested Options which were not 
exercised at the time of such termination 
shall stand cancelled with effect from the 
date of such termination of employment 
and such options shall be added back to 
the ESOP Pool. 
All Unvested Options on the date of 
termination shall stand cancelled 
with effect from that date. 
Termination by 
Company without Cause 
All Vested Options shall be exercisable 
by the Grantee within a period of 1 year 
from Cessation date. The vested Options 
not so exercised shall lapse irrevocably 
and the rights there under shall be 
extinguished and such lapsed options 
shall be available for further grants. 
Acceleration of Unvested Options 
up to 50%, subject to completion of 
minimum vesting period, on the 
sole discretion of the Committee . 
Remaining Unvested Options will 
stand cancelled as on the date of 
such Resignation. 
Separation due to 
reasons other than those 
mentioned above 
The Committee will decide whether the 
Vested Options on the date of separation 
can be exercised by  the Option Grantee 
or not, and such decision shall be final. 
All Unvested Options on the date of 
separation shall stand cancelled 
with effect from that date. 
Cessation of 
employment due to 
Retirement/ 
Superannuation 
All the Vested Options shall be 
exercisable by the Grantee within a 
period of 1 year from 
Retirement/Superannuation. The 
vested Options not so exercised shall 
lapse irrevocably and the rights there 
All Unvested Options would 
continue to vest in accordance with 
the respective vesting schedules 
even after retirement or 
superannuation in accordance with 
[page 21]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
under shall be extinguished and such 
lapsed options shall be available for 
further grants 
the company’s policies and the 
applicable law. 
 
(h) The appraisal process for determining the eligibility of employees for the Capillary 
ESOP scheme 2021 
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee may on the basis of all or any of the following 
criteria, decide on the Employees who are eligible for the Grant of Options under the Scheme, 
the number of Options to be Granted and the terms and conditions thereof.  
 
 Depending upon the role/ position of the employee and its criticality.  
 Performance of Employee: Employee’s performance during the financial year  in the 
Company/ Holding/Subsidiary(ies)/ Associate Company.  
 Longevity of Service: It will be determined on the basis of tenure of employment of 
an Employee in the Company/Subsidiary(ies)/Associate Company.  
 Performance of Company:  Performance of the Company/Subsidiary(ies) as per the 
standards to be set by the Committee/ Board of Directors from time to time.  
 Any other criteria as decided by the Committee in consultation with Board of Directors 
from time to time.  
 
(i) Maximum number of options, to be offered and issued per employee and in aggregate, 
if any; 
 
The Committee may from time to time, define the maximum  
number of Options to be Granted per Employee of the Company provided that Grant  
of Options to an Employee, during any 1 (one) year, shall not be equal to or be  
exceeding 1 (one) percent of the issued capital (excluding outstanding warrants  
and conversions) of the Company at the time of the Grant. 
 
Provided, in the event  
the maximum number of Options to be Granted to an eligible Employee of the  
Company, during any one year, equals to or be exceeds one percent of the issued  
capital (excluding outstanding warrants and conversions) of the Company at the  
time of the Grant, the approval of the shareholders shall be taken in  
compliance with the Applicable Law. 
 
(j) Maximum quantum of benefits to be provided per employee under Capillary ESOP 
scheme 2021 
 
Unless otherwise determined by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the 
maximum benefits underlying the equity shares acquired by employees pursuant to the 
[page 22]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
exercise of the ESOPs will be the difference in the exercise price and the market price of the  
equity shares.  
 
Apart from grant of Options as stated above, no monetary benefits are contemplated under 
the ESOP 2021.  
 
(k) Whether the Capillary ESOP scheme 2021 is to be implemented and administered 
directly by the Company or through a trust 
 
The Plan is to be implemented and administered directly by the Company through the Board 
of Directors (including Nomination and Remuneration Committee) of the Company. 
 
(l) Whether the Capillary ESOP scheme 2021 involves new issue of shares by the Company 
or secondary acquisition by the trust or both 
 
Since the ESOP shall be granted directly to the employees (without trust route), this route 
would involve new/ fresh issue of shares by the Company.  
 
(m) The amount of loan to be provided for implementation of Capillary ESOP scheme 2021 
by the Company to the trust, its tenure, utilization, repayment terms, etc. 
None 
 
(n) Maximum percentage of secondary acquisition (subject to limits specified under the 
regulations) that can be made by the trust for the purposes of Capillary ESOP scheme 2025 
Not Applicable 
 
(o) A statement to the effect that the company shall conform to the accounting policies 
specified in Regulation 15 of the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations 
 
The Company shall follow the relevant accounting standards as  may be prescribed in terms 
of Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 and/ or any relevant accounting standards/ 
guidance note as may be prescribed by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India or any 
other competent authority, from time to time, incl uding the disclosure requirements 
prescribed therein, in compliance with Regulation 15 of the SEBI (SBEB & SE) Regulations.  
 
(p) The method which the company shall use to value its options 
 
The Company shall adopt fair value method for valuation of options as prescribed under Ind 
AS 102 or under any relevant accounting standard notified by appropriate authorities from 
time to time. In case the Company opts for expensing of share based employee benefits using 
the intrinsic value, the difference between the employees compensation cost so computed and 
the employee compensation cost that shall have been recognized if it had used the fair value, 
[page 23]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- U72200KA2012PLC063060 
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
SR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
shall be disclosed in the Board’s Report and the impa ct of this difference on profits and on 
earnings per share of the Company shall also be disclosed in the Board’s Report.  
 
(q) Period of lock-in 
 
The equity shares issued and allotted to an Option Grantee pursuant to Exercise of Options 
shall not be subject to any lock-in and shall be freely transferable subject to the provisions of 
the Articles and the restrictions under Applicable Law including th e Company’s Code of 
Conduct in relation to insider trading under the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended.  
 
(r) Terms & conditions for buyback, if any, of specified securities covered under these 
regulations 
 
 The buy -back, if any, undertaken for the shares issued under the ESOP 2021 shall be in 
accordance with the SEBI Regulations and Companies Act, 2013. 
 
(s) Conditions under which option vested in employees may lapse e.g. in case of 
termination of employment for misconduct 
Please refer to point (g) above 
 
(t) Specified time period within which the employee shall exercise the vested options in 
the event of a proposed termination of employment or resignation of employee 
Please refer to point (g) above. 
 
(u) Variation of terms of the scheme 
Nil 
 
(v) Rationale of the variation of the terms of the scheme 
Not Applicable 
 
(w) Details of the employees who are beneficiaries of such variation 
Not Applicable 
 
By order of the Board of Directors, 
For Capillary Technologies India Limited  
 
Sd/- 
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer,  
Membership No. 17091 
 
 
 
 
Date: December 04, 2025 
Registered Office: 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 
15th Cross Rd, Sector 4, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, 
Karnataka 560102 
 
