[page 1]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- L72200KA2012PLC063060  
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
 
Date: February 24, 2026 
 
To  
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street Fort, Mumbai -400001    
Scrip Code: 544614 
                                      
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza , Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -4000051 
Symbol: CAPILLARY 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Subject: Announcement under Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Press 
Release - Acquisition of Session M from Mastercard. 
 
In compliance with Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as  amended), please find 
enclosed the Press Release on the Acquisition of Session M from Mastercard. 
 
The announcement will also be available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.capillarytech.com/investors/shareholder-information/corporate-
announcements/  
 
We request you to take the above information on records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Capillary Technologies India Limited 
 
 
 
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A17091 
Place: Bengaluru 
[page 2]
  
  
 
Capillary Technologies Reinforces Global Loyalty Management Leadership with 
Acquisition of SessionM from Mastercard 
 
Bengaluru – 24th February, 2026 
 
Capillary Technologies, a global leader in AI -powered customer loyalty and engagement 
solutions, today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire SessionM, the 
customer engagement and loyalty company, from Mastercard. 
This strategic acquisition marks Capillary’s most ambitious move to date, following its successful 
integrations of Brierley and Kognitiv. With SessionM in its portfolio, Capillary reinforces its position 
as a global leader in enterprise loyalty, offering a leading platform to the world’s m ost 
sophisticated enterprise brands. 
 
Enhancing the Enterprise Customer Experience 
Mastercard has identified Capillary Technologies —consistently recognized as a  Leader in The 
Forrester Wave™—as the ideal partner to lead SessionM into its next era of growth. 

[page 3]
Building on the momentum of the Brierley and Kognitiv integrations, this acquisition serves as a 
key step in Capillary’s mission to bring together complementary loyalty technologies to deliver an 
enhanced platform for clients. 
As part of the agreement, a specialized team within SessionM will transition to Capillary, ensuring 
that the platform's deep technical expertise is preserved. SessionM’s esteemed global customer 
base—which includes Fortune 500 retailers, airlines, and CPG brands —will continue to receive 
the same high-caliber support and service they experienced before the acquisition. 
Delivering on Public Company Growth Strategy 
The acquisition of SessionM is the latest in a series of strategic moves by Capillary, following its 
successful listing on the Indian Stock Exchange in November 2025.  
"M&A has been a key growth strategy for Capillary over the years, and as a public company, we 
are delivering on that promise to our shareholders and the market," said Aneesh Reddy, founder 
& CEO of Capillary Technologies . "By bringing SessionM into our portfolio, we are not just 
expanding our footprint across the globe; we are further strengthening our loyalty capabilities to 
deliver one of the industry’s most comprehensive offerings. Our mission remains to provide 
enterprises across industries with specialized, AI -native loyalty technology solutions."  
 
About Capillary Technologies India Ltd: 
Founded in 2012, Capillary Technologies India L imited, a software product company offering 
artificial intelligence (AI) -based cloud -native Software -as-a-Service (SaaS) products and 
solutions primarily to enterprise customers globally to develop loyalty of its consumer and channel 
partners. The Company is among one of the few players in the loyalty management space that 
offer end-to-end loyalty solutions. Its diversified product suite, which includes its advanced loyalty 
management platform (Loyalty+), connected engagement platform (Engage+), predictive 
analytics platform (Insights+), rewards management platform (Rewards+) and customer data 
platform (CDP) allows its customers to run end -to-end loyalty programs, get a comprehensive 
view of consumers and offer unified, cross -channel strategies that deliver a real -time omni -
channel, personalized, and consistent experience for customers. The Company serves 115 
customers including 20 Fortune 500 customers across 47 countries with the aim that businesses 
build consumer value using Company’s innovative solutions.  For more information, please visit 
www.capillarytech.com 
 
 
 
 
 
