[page 1]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- L72200KA2012PLC063060  
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
 
Date: August 01, 2026 
 
To  
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street Fort, Mumbai -400001    
Scrip Code: 544614 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza , Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -4000051 
Symbol: CAPILLARY 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Notice of 14th Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) and Annual Report of the Capillary 
Technologies India Limited (“the Company”). 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 34(1)  of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Notice of the 14th AGM of the Company for the 
Financial Year 2025-26, scheduled to be held on Friday, August 28, 2026 at 11:30 AM (IST) through 
Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means. 
 
The said Notice also forms part of the Integrated Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26,  
 
The Notice of the AGM along with Integrated Annual Report is also available on the website of 
the Company at https://www.capillarytech.com/investors/finances-and-reports/annual-
reports/2025-26/ 
 
We request you to take the above information on records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Capillary Technologies India Limited 
 
 
 
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A17091 
Place: Bengaluru 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[page 2]
CAPILLARY TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED
CIN: L72200KA2012PLC063060
Registered Office: #360 bearing PID No 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4, HSR Layout, Bangalore-560102, 
Karnataka, India
Website: https://www.capillarytech.com/ Email – investorrelations@capillarytech.com
 | Phone: +91 80 4122 5179 |
Dear Members,
Sub: Invitation to attend the Fourteenth (14 th) Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of Capillary Technologies India 
Limited (“the Company”) to be held on Friday, August 28, 2026. 
You are cordially invited to attend the Fourteenth (14th) AGM of the Company scheduled to be held on Friday, August 
28, 2026, at 11:30 a.m. (IST) through Video Conferencing (“VC”)/Other Audio-Visual Means (“OAVM”). The notice 
convening the AGM is enclosed herewith. For ease of participation, key details regarding the meeting are as follows:
S. 
No. Particulars Details
1. Link for participation in AGM 
through VC
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
Members may attend the AGM through VC by accessing the above link 
and by using the remote e-voting credentials. 
Please refer the instructions of this Notice for further information.
2. Link for remote e-voting https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/
3. Cut-off date for e-voting Friday, August 21, 2026
4. Time period for e-voting Starts on Monday, August 24, 2026 at 09:00 A.M. (IST) 
Ends on Thursday, August 27, 2026 at 05:00 P.M. (IST)
5. Last date for publishing results of 
the e-voting
On or before Monday, August 31, 2026
6. Contact details of Registrar and 
Share Transfer Agent (RTA)
MUFG Intime India Private Limited
(Formerly known as Link Intime India Private Limited)
C-101, Embassy 247, L.B.S. Marg, Vikhroli (West), Mumbai – 400 083
Contact No.: +91 810 811 8484
Email: Investor.helpdesk@in.mpms.mufg.com
7. Helpline number for e-voting National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) 
Tel No. 022 - 48867000 
Email: evoting@nsdl.com
8. Helpline number for VC 
participation
For any assistance or support before or during the AGM, members may 
contact the Company at: 
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Tel No.: +91 80 41225179
9. Scrutinizer Details CS Biswajit Ghosh (Membership No. F8750) or in his absence CS 
Pramod S M (Membership No. F7834) Partners of M/s. BMP & Co. LLP, 
Practicing Company Secretaries
Email: info@bmpandco.com
10. Company Contact details Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Tel No.: +91 80 41225179
For Capillary Technologies India Limited
Sd/-
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy Date: August 1, 2026
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  Place: Bengaluru
Membership No. A17091
Enclosed:
1. Notice of the 14th Annual General Meeting
2. Instructions to vote electronically using NSDL e-voting system
3. Instructions for participation in AGM through VC
[page 3]
Notice is hereby given that the Fourteenth (14th) Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) of Capillary Technologies India 
Limited (“the Company”) will be held on Friday, August 28, 2026 at 11:30 am Indian Standard Time  A.M. (“IST”), 
through Video Conferencing / Other Audio Visual Means (“VC/OAVM”) facility, to transact the following business:
ORDINARY BUSINESS:
1. To consider and adopt the Audited Standalone Financial Statements along with the Reports of the 
Board of Directors and of the Statutory Auditors thereon for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT the audited financial statements of the Company for the financial year ended March 31, 
2026 together with the reports of Board of Directors and of the Statutory Auditors thereon be and are hereby 
received, considered and adopted.”
2. To receive, consider and adopt the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements along with the reports 
of the Statutory Auditors thereon for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2026.
 To consider and if thought fit, to pass with or without modification(s), the following resolution as an 
Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the financial year 
ended March 31, 2026 together with the reports of the Statutory Auditors thereon be and are hereby received 
considered and adopted.”
3. To appoint a Director in place of Mr. Aneesh Reddy Boddu (DIN: 02214511), who retires by rotation and 
being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment:
 To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolution as an Ordinary Resolution:
 “RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 152 and other applicable provisions, if any, of the 
Companies Act, 2013 read with the rules made thereunder (including any statutory modification(s) or re-
enactment(s) thereof for the time being in force) and the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Aneesh 
Reddy Boddu (DIN: 02214511), Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, who retires by 
rotation at this Annual General Meeting and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment, be and is hereby 
re-appointed as a Director of the Company, liable to retire by rotation, and such re-appointment shall not 
constitute a break in his office as Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.”
By order of the Board of Directors
For Capillary Technologies India Limited
Sd/-
Bhargavi Reddy Gireddy
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
M. No- A17091
Registered Office: 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd,
Sector 4, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka- 560102
Date: May 29, 2026
Place: Bengaluru
NOTICE
CAPILLARY TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED
2
[page 4]
NOTES:
a) Pursuant to the General Circular No. 09/2024 dated 
September 19, 2024 and 03/2025 dated September 
22, 2025, issued by the Ministry of Corporate 
Affairs (“MCA”) and relevant circulars issued by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) 
from time to time, companies are allowed to hold 
AGM through VC, without the physical presence 
of members at a common venue. Hence, in 
compliance with the provisions of the Companies 
Act, 2013 (“the Act”), SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
as amended, (“Listing Regulations”) and MCA 
circulars, the 14th AGM of the Company is being held 
through VC/OAVM without the physical presence 
of Members at a common venue. The proceedings 
of the AGM will be deemed to be conducted at the 
registered office of the Company at 360, bearing 
PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4, HSR Layout, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka- 560102, which shall be 
deemed venue of the AGM.
b) Pursuant to the provisions of the Act, a member 
entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled 
to appoint a proxy to attend and vote instead of 
himself and the proxy need not be a member of the 
Company. Since this AGM is being held pursuant to 
the MCA and SEBI circulars through VC/OAVM, the 
requirement of physical attendance of members 
has been dispensed with. Accordingly, the facility 
for appointment of proxies by the members will 
not be available for this AGM and hence, the proxy 
form, attendance slip and route map of AGM are 
not annexed to this notice.
c) Institutional / Corporate Members are entitled 
to appoint authorised representatives to attend, 
participate at the AGM through VC / OAVM and 
cast their votes through e-voting. Institutional 
/ Corporate Members are requested to send a 
scanned copy (PDF / JPEG format) of the Board 
Resolution authorising its representatives to attend 
and vote at the AGM, pursuant to Section 113 of the 
Act, to the Scrutinizer at info@bmpandco.com and 
to evoting@nsdl.com.
d) In case of joint holders attending the AGM, only 
such joint holder who is higher in the order of 
names will be entitled to vote. The attendance 
of the Members attending the AGM through VC/
OAVM will be counted for the purpose of reckoning 
the quorum under Section 103 of the Act.
e) In accordance with the circulars issued by MCA 
and SEBI, the Notice of the 14 th AGM along with 
the Integrated Annual Report for the financial 
year 2025-26 is being sent by electronic mode to 
Members whose e-mail ids are registered with the 
Company / Registrar & Share Transfer Agent (RTA) 
or the Depository Participants (DPs).
 Additionally, providing the weblink of Company’s 
website from where the Integrated Annual Report 
for financial year 2025-26 can be accessed https://
www.capillarytech.com/investors/finances-and-
reports/annual-reports/.
f) Members of the Company, whose names appear in 
the register of members / list of beneficial owners 
as on Friday, August 21, 2026 (“Cut-off date”) are 
entitled for e-Voting on resolutions set forth in this 
Notice. Any holder of shares in physical form, or any 
individual or non-individual member, who acquires 
shares and becomes a member of the Company 
after dispatch of this Notice and holds shares as 
on the Cut-off date, may cast vote by following the 
process provided in this Notice for Remote e-voting 
and Voting at the AGM.
g) Members can join the AGM through VC/ OAVM mode 
30 minutes before and after the scheduled time of 
the commencement of the AGM by following the 
procedure mentioned in the Notice. The facility of 
participation at the AGM through VC/ OAVM will be 
made available for 1000 members on a first come 
first served basis. Large shareholders (shareholders 
holding 2% or more shareholding), Institutional 
Investors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, the 
Chairpersons of the Audit Committee, Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders’ 
Relationship Committee, Auditors etc. are allowed 
to attend the AGM without restriction on account 
of first come first served basis.
h) Members are advised to update their PAN, 
KYC (Address, E-mail ID, Mobile Number, Bank 
Account Details, Specimen Signature, etc.) and 
Nomination details, as per SEBI Master Circular 
No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD-PoD/P/CIR/2025/91 
dated June 23, 2025:
 Members holding shares in physical form: to the 
Company’s RTA - MUFG Intime India Private Limited, 
in prescribed Form ISR - 1 and other forms as per 
instructions mentioned in the form. The formats 
can be downloaded from RTA’s website at https://
web.in.mpms.mufg.com/KYC-downloads. html and 
such formats are also available on the Company’s 
website at https://www.Capillarytech.com.
 Members holding shares in dematerialized form: 
to their respective DPs as per the procedure 
prescribed by them.
i) As per Listing Regulations, physical copy of the 
Annual Report is required to be sent only to those 
Members who specifically request for the same. 
Accordingly, Members who wish to obtain a physical 
copy of the Integrated Annual Report for the 
financial year 2025-26, may write to the Company 
at secretarial@capillarytech.com, requesting for 
the same by providing their holding details.
Annual Report FY 2025-26
NOTICE
3
[page 5]
j) The Notice of the 14 th AGM along with Integrated 
Annual Report for the financial year 2025-26, is 
available on the website of the Company at https://
www.capillarytech.com/investors/finances-and-
reports/annual-reports/, on the website of Stock 
Exchanges i.e. BSE Limited and National Stock 
Exchange of India Limited at www.bseindia.com 
and www.nseindia.com respectively and on the 
website of NSDL at www.evoting.nsdl.com.
k) Additional information pursuant to Regulation 
36(3) of the SEBI Listing Regulations and Secretarial 
Standard-2 issued by the Institute of Company 
Secretaries of India, in respect of the Director 
seeking re-appointment at the AGM, forms part of 
this Notice and annexed as an Annexure – A.
l) During the AGM, the following documents shall 
be available for inspection upon login at NSDL 
e-Voting page at https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/:
	 Register of Directors and Key Managerial 
Personnel and their Shareholding maintained 
under Section 170 of the Act;
	 Register of Contracts or Arrangements in 
which Directors are interested under Section 
189 of the Act;
	 Certificate from Secretarial Auditors of the 
Company certifying that ESOP Schemes 
of the Company are being implemented in 
accordance with the Securities Exchange 
Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits 
and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021.
m) Pursuant to the provisions of Section 108 of the Act 
read with Rule 20 of the Companies (Management 
and Administration) Rules, 2014 (as amended), 
Regulation 44 of the Listing Regulations and 
applicable Circulars, the Company is pleased to 
provide to its Members, the facility to exercise 
their right to vote on the resolutions proposed 
to be passed at AGM by electronic means. For 
this purpose, the Company has entered into an 
agreement with NSDL, as the authorised agency 
for facilitating voting through electronic means. 
The facility of casting votes by Members using 
remote e-voting system as well as e-voting on the 
date of the AGM will be provided by NSDL.
n) The Company has appointed CS Biswajit Ghosh 
or failing him CS Pramod S.M, Partners of M/s 
BMP & Co. LLP, Practicing Company Secretary 
firm, Bengaluru, to act as the Scrutinizer, to 
scrutinize the entire e-voting process in a fair and 
transparent manner.
o) Remote E-voting – Key dates:
Cut-off Date determining 
the Members who are 
entitled to vote on the 
resolutions set forth in this 
Notice
August 21, 2026
Start Date and Time Monday, August 24, 
2026, 09:00 AM (IST)
End Date and Time Thursday, August 27, 
2026, 05:00 PM (IST)
p) The voting rights of Members shall be in proportion 
to their share in the paid-up equity share capital of 
the Company as on the Cut-off date. A person who 
is not a Member as on the Cut-off date should treat 
this Notice of AGM for information purpose only.
q) The facility for voting through e-voting system shall 
also be made available during the AGM. Members 
attending the AGM who have not cast their vote 
by remote e-voting shall be eligible to cast their 
vote through e-voting during the AGM. Members 
who have voted through remote e-voting shall be 
eligible to attend the AGM, however, they shall not 
be eligible to vote at the AGM.
r) The results of the e-voting shall be declared to the 
Stock Exchanges after the conclusion of AGM. The 
results along with the Scrutinizer’s Report, shall also 
be available on the website of the Company at https://
www.capillarytech.com/investors/shareholder-
information/corporate-announcements/
s) Speaker Registration - Procedure to raise questions 
or seek clarifications with respect to Annual Report:
 Members who would like to express their views 
or ask questions may register themselves as a 
speaker by sending the request along with their 
queries in advance mentioning their name, 
demat account number / folio number, e-mail id 
and mobile number at secretarial@capillarytech.
com. Only those speaker registration requests 
received till 05:00 P.M. (IST) on Tuesday, August 25, 
2026 shall be considered and allowed as speakers 
during the AGM.
 The Company reserves the right to restrict the 
number of questions and speakers, as appropriate 
for smooth conduct of the AGM.
t)  Instructions on E Voting:
 How do I vote electronically using NSDL 
e-Voting system?
 The way to vote electronically on NSDL e-Voting 
system consists of “Two Steps” which are 
mentioned below:
CAPILLARY TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED
4
[page 6]
 Step 1: Access to NSDL e-Voting system
A) Login method for e-Voting and joining virtual meeting for Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode:
  In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed Companies, 
Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode are allowed to vote through their demat account 
maintained with Depositories and Depository Participants. Shareholders are advised to update their mobile 
number and email Id in their demat accounts in order to access e-Voting facility.
  Login method for Individual shareholders holding securities in demat mode is given below:
Type of 
shareholders Login Method
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL
1. For OTP based login you can click on https://eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/evoting/
evotinglogin.jsp. You will have to enter your 8-digit DP ID,8-digit Client Id, PAN No., 
Verification code and generate OTP. Enter the OTP received on registered email 
id/mobile number and click on login. After successful authentication, you will be 
redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see e-Voting page. Click on 
company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you will be redirected to 
e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote e-Voting period or 
joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
2. Existing IDeAS user can visit the e-Services website of NSDL Viz. https://eservices.
nsdl.com either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. On the e-Services home 
page click on the “Beneficial Owner” icon under “Login” which is available under 
‘IDeAS’ section , this will prompt you to enter your existing User ID and Password. 
After successful authentication, you will be able to see e-Voting services under Value 
added services. Click on “Access to e-Voting” under e-Voting services and you will be 
able to see e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. 
NSDL and you will be re-directed to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote 
during the remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the 
meeting.
3. If you are not registered for IDeAS e-Services, option to register is available at https://
eservices.nsdl.com. Select “Register Online for IDeAS Portal” or click at https://
eservices.nsdl.com/SecureWeb/IdeasDirectReg.jsp 
4. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web browser by typing the following URL: 
https://www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal Computer or on a mobile. Once 
the home page of e-Voting system is launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section. A new screen will open. You will have 
to enter your User ID (i.e. your sixteen digit demat account number hold with NSDL), 
Password/OTP and a Verification Code as shown on the screen. After successful 
authentication, you will be redirected to NSDL Depository site wherein you can see 
e-Voting page. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and 
you will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
5. Shareholders/Members can also download NSDL Mobile App
 “NSDL Speede” facility by scanning the QR code mentioned below for seamless 
voting experience.
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL
1. Users who have opted for CDSL Easi / Easiest facility, can login through their 
existing user id and password. Option will be made available  to  reach  e-Voting  
page  without  any  further authentication. The users to login Easi /Easiest are 
requested to visit CDSL website www.cdslindia.com and click on login icon & New 
System Myeasi Tab and then user your existing my easi username & password.
Annual Report FY 2025-26
NOTICE
5
[page 7]
Type of 
shareholders Login Method
2. After successful login the Easi / Easiest user will be able to see the e-Voting option 
for eligible companies where the evoting is in progress as per the information 
provided by company. On clicking the evoting option, the user will be able to see 
e-Voting page of the e-Voting service provider for casting your vote during the 
remote e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting. 
Additionally, there is also links provided to access the system of all e-Voting Service 
Providers, so that the user can visit the e-Voting service providers’ website directly.
3. If the user is not registered for Easi/Easiest, option to register is available at CDSL 
website www.cdslindia.com and click on login & New System Myeasi Tab and then 
click on registration option.
4. Alternatively, the user can directly access e-Voting page by providing Demat 
Account Number and PAN No. from a e-Voting link available on www.cdslindia.com 
home page. The system will authenticate the user by sending OTP on registered 
Mobile & Email as recorded in the Demat Account. After successful authentication, 
user will be able to see the e-Voting option where the evoting is in progress and 
also able to directly access the system of all e-Voting Service Providers.
Individual 
Shareholders 
(holding securities 
in demat mode) 
login through 
their depository 
participants
You can also login using the login credentials of your demat account through your 
Depository Participant registered with NSDL/CDSL for e-Voting facility. upon logging in, 
you will be able to see e-Voting option. Click on e-Voting option, you will be redirected 
to NSDL/CDSL Depository site after successful authentication, wherein you can see 
e-Voting feature. Click on company name or e-Voting service provider i.e. NSDL and you 
will be redirected to e-Voting website of NSDL for casting your vote during the remote 
e-Voting period or joining virtual meeting & voting during the meeting.
  Important note: Members who are unable to retrieve User ID/ Password are advised to use Forget User ID 
and Forget Password option available at abovementioned website.
  Helpdesk for Individual Shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode for any technical 
issues related to login through Depository 
i.e. NSDL and CDSL.
Login type Helpdesk details
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with NSDL
Members facing any 
technical issue in login 
can contact NSDL 
helpdesk by sending a 
request at  evoting@
nsdl.com or call at 022 - 
4886 7000
Individual 
Shareholders 
holding securities 
in demat mode 
with CDSL
Members facing any 
technical issue in login 
can contact CDSL 
helpdesk by sending 
a request at helpdesk.
evoting@cdslindia.com 
or contact at toll free 
no. 1800-21-09911
B)  Login Method for e-Voting and joining virtual 
meeting for shareholders other than Individual 
shareholders holding securities in demat mode 
and shareholders holding securities in physical 
mode.
 How to Log-in to NSDL e-Voting website?
 1. Visit the e-Voting website of NSDL. Open web 
browser by typing the following URL: https://
www.evoting.nsdl.com/ either on a Personal 
Computer or on a mobile. 
 2. Once the home page of e-Voting system is 
launched, click on the icon “Login” which is 
available under ‘Shareholder/Member’ section.
 3. A new screen will open. You will have to 
enter your User ID, your Password/OTP and a 
Verification Code as shown on the screen.
  Alternatively, if you are registered for NSDL 
eservices i.e. IDEAS, you can log-in at https://
eservices.nsdl.com/ with your existing IDEAS 
login. Once you log-in to NSDL eservices after 
using your log-in credentials, click on e-Voting 
and you can proceed to Step 2 i.e. Cast your 
vote electronically.
CAPILLARY TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED
6
[page 8]
 4. Your User ID details are given below :
Manner of 
holding shares i.e. 
Demat (NSDL or 
CDSL) or Physical
Your User ID is:
a) For Members 
who hold 
shares in demat 
account with 
NSDL.
8 Character DP ID 
followed by 8 Digit Client 
ID
For example if your DP ID 
is IN300*** and Client ID 
is 12****** then your user 
ID is IN300***12******.
b) For Members 
who hold 
shares in demat 
account with 
CDSL.
16 Digit Beneficiary ID
For example if your 
Beneficiary ID is 
12************** then your 
user ID is 12**************
c) For Members 
holding shares in 
Physical Form.
EVEN Number followed 
by Folio Number 
registered with the 
company
For example if folio 
number is 001*** and 
EVEN is 101456 then user 
ID is 101456001***
 5. Password details for shareholders other than 
Individual shareholders are given below:
  a) If you are already registered for e-Voting, 
then you can user your existing password 
to login and cast your vote.
  b) If you are using NSDL e-Voting system 
for the first time, you will need to 
retrieve the ‘initial password’ which was 
communicated to you. Once you retrieve 
your ‘initial password’, you need to enter 
the ‘initial password’ and the system will 
force you to change your password.
  c) How to retrieve your ‘initial password’?
   (i) If your email ID is registered in 
your demat account or with the 
company, your ‘initial password’ is 
communicated to you on your email 
ID. Trace the email sent to you from 
NSDL from your mailbox. Open the 
email and open the attachment i.e. 
a .pdf file. Open the .pdf file. The 
password to open the .pdf file is your 
8 digit client ID for NSDL account, 
last 8 digits of client ID for CDSL 
account or folio number for shares 
held in physical form. The .pdf file 
contains your ‘User ID’ and your 
‘initial password’.
   (ii) If your email ID is not registered, 
please follow steps mentioned below 
in process for those shareholders 
whose email ids are not registered.
 6. If you are unable to retrieve or have not 
received the “Initial password” or have 
forgotten your password:
  a)  Click on “Forgot User Details/Password?”(If 
you are holding shares in your demat 
account with NSDL or CDSL) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
  b)  Physical User Reset Password?” (If you are 
holding shares in physical mode) option 
available on www.evoting.nsdl.com.
  c) If you are still unable to get the password 
by aforesaid two options, you can send a 
request at evoting@nsdl.com mentioning 
your demat account number/folio 
number, your PAN, your name and your 
registered address etc.
  d) Members can also use the OTP (One Time 
Password) based login for casting the 
votes on the e-Voting system of NSDL.
 7. After entering your password, tick on Agree 
to “Terms and Conditions” by selecting 
on the check box.
 8. Now, you will have to click on “Login” button.
 9. After you click on the “Login” button, Home 
page of e-Voting will open.
 Step 2: Cast your vote electronically and join 
General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system.
 How to cast your vote electronically and join 
General Meeting on NSDL e-Voting system?
 1. After successful login at Step 1, you will be able 
to see all the companies “EVEN” in which you 
are holding shares and whose voting cycle and 
General Meeting is in active status.
 2. Select “EVEN” of company for which you wish 
to cast your vote during the remote e-Voting 
period and casting your vote during the 
General Meeting. For joining virtual meeting, 
you need to click on “VC/OAVM” link placed 
under “Join Meeting”.
 3. Now you are ready for e-Voting as the 
Voting page opens.
 4. Cast your vote by selecting appropriate 
options i.e. assent or dissent, verify/modify 
the number of shares for which you wish to 
cast your vote and click on “Submit” and also 
“Confirm” when prompted.
Annual Report FY 2025-26
NOTICE
7
[page 9]
 5. Upon confirmation, the message “Vote cast 
successfully” will be displayed.
 6. You can also take the printout of the votes cast 
by you by clicking on the print option on the 
confirmation page.
 7. Once you confirm your vote on the resolution, 
you will not be allowed to modify your vote.
 General Guidelines for shareholders
 1. Institutional shareholders (i.e. other than 
individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) are required to 
send scanned copy (PDF/JPG Format) of the 
relevant Board Resolution/ Authority letter etc. 
with attested specimen signature of the duly 
authorized signatory(ies) who are authorized to 
vote, to the Scrutinizer by e-mail to pramod@
bmpandco.com with a copy marked to 
evoting@nsdl.com. Institutional shareholders 
(i.e. other than individuals, HUF, NRI etc.) can 
also upload their Board Resolution / Power of 
Attorney / Authority Letter etc. by clicking on 
“Upload Board Resolution / Authority Letter” 
displayed under “e-Voting” tab in their login.
 2. It is strongly recommended not to share 
your password with any other person and 
take utmost care to keep your password 
confidential. Login to the e-voting website will 
be disabled upon five unsuccessful attempts 
to key in the correct password. In such an 
event, you will need to go through the “Forgot 
User Details/Password?” or “Physical User 
Reset Password?” option available on www.
evoting.nsdl.com to reset the password. 
 3. In case of any queries, you may refer the 
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) for 
Shareholders and e-voting user manual 
for Shareholders available at the download 
section of www.evoting.nsdl.com or call on.: 
022 - 4886 7000 or send a request to Falguni 
Chakraborty at evoting@nsdl.com 
 Process for those shareholders whose email 
ids are not registered with the depositories 
for procuring user id and password and 
registration of e mail ids for e-voting for the 
resolutions set out in this notice:
 1. In case shares are held in physical mode 
please provide Folio No., Name of shareholder, 
scanned copy of the share certificate (front 
and back), PAN (self attested scanned copy 
of PAN card), AADHAR (self attested scanned 
copy of Aadhar Card) by email to secretarial@
capillarytech.com
 2. In case shares are held in demat mode, please 
provide DPID-CLID (16 digit DPID + CLID or 
16 digit beneficiary ID), Name, client master 
or copy of Consolidated Account statement, 
PAN (self attested scanned copy of PAN 
card), AADHAR (self attested scanned copy of 
Aadhar Card) to secretarial@capillarytech.com 
. If you are an Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode, you are requested 
to refer to the login method explained at step 
1 (A) i.e. Login method for e-Voting and joining 
virtual meeting for Individual shareholders 
holding securities in demat mode.
 3. Alternatively shareholder/members may send 
a request to evoting@nsdl.com for procuring 
user id and password for e-voting by providing 
above mentioned documents.
 4. In terms of SEBI circular dated December 9, 
2020 on e-Voting facility provided by Listed 
Companies, Individual shareholders holding 
securities in demat mode are allowed to vote 
through their demat account maintained with 
Depositories and Depository Participants. 
Shareholders are required to update their 
mobile number and email ID correctly in 
their demat account in order to access 
e-Voting facility.
 THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR 
e-VOTING ON THE DAY OF THE AGM ARE AS 
UNDER:-
 1. The procedure for e-Voting on the day of the 
AGM is same as the instructions mentioned 
above for remote e-voting.
 2. Only those Members/ shareholders, who will 
be present in the AGM through VC/OAVM 
facility and have not casted their vote on 
the Resolutions through remote e-Voting 
and are otherwise not barred from doing 
so, shall be eligible to vote through e-Voting 
system in the AGM.
 3. Members who have voted through Remote 
e-Voting will be eligible to attend the 
AGM. However, they will not be eligible to 
vote at the AGM.
 4. The details of the person who may be contacted 
for any grievances connected with the facility 
for e-Voting on the day of the AGM shall be the 
same person mentioned for Remote e-voting.
CAPILLARY TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED
8
[page 10]
 INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEMBERS FOR ATTENDING 
THE AGM THROUGH VC/OAVM ARE AS UNDER:
 1. Member will be provided with a facility to 
attend the AGM through VC/OAVM through 
the NSDL e-Voting system. Members may 
access by following the steps mentioned 
above for Access to NSDL e-Voting system. 
After successful login, you can see link of “VC/
OAVM” placed under “Join meeting” menu 
against company name. You are requested 
to click on VC/OAVM link placed under Join 
Meeting menu. The link for VC/OAVM will be 
available in Shareholder/Member login where 
the EVEN of Company will be displayed. Please 
note that the members who do not have the 
User ID and Password for e-Voting or have 
forgotten the User ID and Password may 
retrieve the same by following the remote 
e-Voting instructions mentioned in the notice 
to avoid last minute rush.
 2. Members are encouraged to join the Meeting 
through Laptops for better experience.
 3. Further Members will be required to allow 
Camera and use Internet with a good speed to 
avoid any disturbance during the meeting.
 4. Please note that Participants Connecting 
from Mobile Devices or Tablets or through 
Laptop connecting via Mobile Hotspot 
may experience Audio/Video loss due to 
Fluctuation in their respective network. It is 
therefore recommended to use Stable Wi-
Fi or LAN Connection to mitigate any kind of 
aforesaid glitches.
 5. Shareholders who would like to express their 
views/have questions may send their questions 
in advance mentioning their name demat 
account number/folio number, email id, mobile 
number at secretarial@capillarytech.com. The 
same will be replied by the company suitably.
By order of the Board of Directors
For Capillary Technologies India Limited
Sd/-
Bhargavi Reddy Gireddy
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
M. No- A17091
Registered Office: 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd,
Sector 4, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka- 560102
Date: May 29, 2026
Place: Bengaluru
Annual Report FY 2025-26
NOTICE
9
[page 11]
Annexure – A
Details of the director retiring by rotation and seeking re-appointment at the meeting
[Pursuant to Regulation 36(3) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  
Regulations, 2015 and Secretarial Standard-2 on General Meetings]
Name Aneesh Reddy Boddu
DIN 02214511
Date of Birth October 04, 1984; 42 years 
Date of First Appointment on the 
Board
February 21, 2013
Qualifications B.Tech Manufacturing Science and Engineering, IIT Kharagpur.
Relationship between Directors 
inter-se
Nil
Brief Resume, Experience and 
expertise in specific functional 
areas
Aneesh Reddy is the Founder, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
at Capillary. He holds a bachelor’s degree in manufacturing science and 
engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur. At the Indian 
Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, he co-founded the ‘Entrepreneurship Cell’ 
and was awarded the ‘Distinguished Alumnus Award’ by the institute in 2017.
In 2014, he was recognized by Fortune India magazine as one of the ‘40 under 
40 - India’s Brightest Young Business Minds’ followed by another recognition 
by The Economic Times under the ‘ET 40 under Forty’ list in 2017. He was 
previously associated with ITC Limited.
His expertise include : Extensive management experience, Functional, 
Technical and leadership experience, Operations, Information Technology, 
Sales, Marketing personal values, Board & Corporate Governance and 
Business Strategy
Directorships  held  in other Public 
Companies (excluding Foreign 
Companies)
Nil
Names of listed entities from 
which the director has resigned in 
the past three years
Nil
Memberships / Chairmanships 
of Committees of other Public 
Companies (includes only Audit 
Committee and Stakeholders 
Relationship Committee
Nil
Shareholding in Capillary 
Technologies India Limited as on 
March 31, 2026
17,33,380 (2.18%)
No.  of  Board  Meetings attended 
during the financial year 2025-26
Twelve (12)
Terms and conditions of 
appointment / reappointment
In terms of Section 152(6) of the Act, he is a Managing Director and CEO of 
the Company, liable to retire by
Remuneration last drawn in 
financial year 2025-26.
Refer Corporate Governance Report FY26 for remuneration details
Details of Remuneration sought to 
be paid
By order of the Board of Directors
For Capillary Technologies India Limited
Sd/-
Bhargavi Reddy Gireddy
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
M. No- A17091
Registered Office: 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd,
Sector 4, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka- 560102
Date: May 29, 2026
Place: Bengaluru
CAPILLARY TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED
10
