[page 1]
  
www.capillarytech.com 
 
Capillary Technologies India Limited  
CIN- L72200KA2012PLC063060  
Regd. Office - 360, bearing PID No: 101, 360, 15th Cross Rd, Sector 4,  
HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102  
Email: secretarial@capillarytech.com 
Website: www.capillarytech.com 
Tel: 080-41225179 
 
Date: August 04, 2026 
 
To  
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze JeeJeebhoy Towers, Dalal 
Street Fort, Mumbai -400001    
Scrip Code: 544614 
                                      
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza , Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai -4000051 
Symbol: CAPILLARY 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Subject: Announcement under Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Press Release  
In compliance with Regulation 30 and other applicable provisions of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended), please find enclosed the Press 
Release titled "Capillary Technologies Acquires the CustomerGlu Pl atform to Redefine the Next 
Generation of AI-Powered Loyalty and Customer Engagement." 
 
The announcement will also be available on the website of the Company at 
https://www.capillarytech.com/investors/shareholder-information/press-release/ 
 
We request you to take the above information on records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Capillary Technologies India Limited 
 
 
 
Gireddy Bhargavi Reddy 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A17091 
Place: Bengaluru 
[page 2]
 
www.capillarytech.com 
 
Capillary Technologies Acquires the CustomerGlu Platform to Redefine the Next 
Generation of AI-Driven, Interactive Loyalty Experiences 
Capillary integrates CustomerGlu’s interactive engagement layer with its AI core to eliminate 
engineering bottlenecks and redefine global customer retention. 
Bengaluru, August 4, 2026 — Capillary Technologies, a global leader in AI-powered loyalty and 
customer engagement, has, through Capillary Pte Ltd, through an asset purchase agreement, 
acquired the CustomerGlu software platform and associated intellectual property from Marax AI, 
Inc., the Delaware-based gamification company backed by Techstars, Better Capital, Pentathlon 
Ventures, SmartStart, Ramakant Sharma (founder of Livspace), and Paradigm Shift Capital. This 
acquisition is a strategic move to unite an interactive engagement layer with AI -led 
personalization, creating a scaled platform for the next generation of loyalty. 
Founded by Prateek Gupta, Raman Shrivastava, and Sumant Subrahmanya, CustomerGlu 
began at Marax AI by using AI to predict buying behavior. Today, it leverages GenAI to not only 
predict but trigger in -app gamified actions that drive re tention at scale. This allows enterprise 
brands to bypass heavy IT dependencies, enabling marketers to launch interactive UI 
experiences like challenges and streaks, directly into their digital products in near real-time. 
The acquisition follows an eight -month AI -led transformation spearheaded by CEO Prateek 
Gupta, who leveraged AI to expand into new markets and scale the business. This feat of agility 
mirrors the efficiency the CustomerGlu SDK brings to Capillary’s enterprise clients globally. 
“This acquisition addresses a core challenge  of IT dependencies that hinder marketing agility. 
With CustomerGlu, Capillary enables teams to launch and optimize digital experiences in real -
time, reinforcing our marketer-first commitment and giving brands the speed to deliver interactive 
engagement at scale.” — Siddhant Jain, Chief Customer Officer, Capillary Technologies. 
“The future of loyalty lies at the intersection of intelligence and experience. Our journey evolved 
from RNN-based churn prediction to AI -driven actioning, leading to CustomerGlu’s SDK as the 
interactive layer for modern loyalty and customer engagement. Capillary’s enterprise reach and 
AI foundation make this a natural fit to help brands deliver more personalized, effective 
engagement at scale.” — Prateek Gupta, Co-Founder and CEO at CustomerGlu. 
About Capillary Technologies 
Founded in 2012, Capillary Technologies is a global leader in AI -powered customer loyalty and 
engagement solutions. The platform helps brands deliver personalized, omnichannel experiences 
that drive customer retention and business growth. Supporting 100+ loyalty programs in over 46 
countries, Capillary powers loyalty for enterprise brands. Capillary’s SaaS platform delivers loyalty 
experiences for 1.9 billion+ consumers and is recognized by leading industry analysts. Know more 
at www.capillarytech.com. 
