[page 1]
February 04, 2026 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers , 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543066 
SECURITY: Equity Shares/Debentures 
Dear Sirs, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza , C-1 , Block G, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex . 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL: SBICARD 
SECURITY : Equity Shares 
Re: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript - SBI Card Q3'FY26 Earnings 
Call 
In compliance with the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 , transcript of the 
Earnings Call held on January 28, 2026 with analysts/investors , has been made 
available on the website of the Company at the below mentioned link. Further , the same 
is also attached herewith for reference . 
https://www.sbicard.com/en/who-we-are/analyst-investor-meeting.page 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
Payal Mittal Chhabra 
Chief Compliance Officer and Company Secretary 
Date and Time of event: - January 28, 2026 at 08:03 PM 
Encl:.aa 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Ltd. 
DLF Infinity Towers, Tower C, 
12th Floor, Block 2, Building 3, 
DLF Cyber City, Gurugram - 122002, 
Haryana, India 
Tel.: 18001801290 
Email: customercare@sbicard.com 
Website: sbicard.com 
Registered Office : 
Unit 401 & 402, 4th Floor, Aggarwal Mil lennium Tower, 
E 1,2,3, Netaji Subhash Place, Wazirpur, New Delhi - 110034 
CIN - L65999DL 1998PLC093849 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 20 
“SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 28, 2026 
MANAGEMENT: MS. SALILA PANDE – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER  
MR. GIRISH BUDHIRAJA – CHIEF SALES AND MARKETING OFFICER 
MS. RASHMI MOHANTY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. KRISHNA KANT BISHNOI – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
MS. NANDINI MALHOTRA –CHIEF CREDIT OFFICER 

[page 3]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
Q3 FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen -
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Salila Pande, MD and CEO, SBI Cards. Thank you, and 
over to you, Ms. Salila Pande. 
Salila Pande: Thank you, Sagar. Good evening to everyone joining us on the call today as we present Q3 FY  
'26 Financial Results. I would like to extend a warm welcome on behalf of the Board and the 
management team at SBI Card. Amidst the ongoing geopolitical uncertainties, India continues 
to demonstrate remarkable resilience and sustained momentum. The GDP currently valued at 
USD4.18 trillion. 
India is firmly on track to become the world's third largest economy. GDP is projected to reach 
USD7.3 trillion by 2030, underscoring the scale of growth opportunities ahead. This growth is 
underpinned by a sustained upward trajectory in domestic demand, driven by supportive tax 
reforms, robust consumer demand and structural improvements under GST. 
Many such factors have collaboratively strengthened consumption across both discretionary and 
nondiscretionary categories. Over the past few years, India's digital payment ecosystem has 
evolved rapidly with strong support from the government and key stakeh olders across the 
industry. 
Specifically talking about the credit card industry. As per the RBI data, credit card spends up to 
December 2025 were INR17.67 lakh crores, 13.5% higher than a year earlier, while credit card 
transaction volume increased by 26.5% to about 4.4 billion during the same period. Overall, 
digital payments are now firmly embedded in consumer behaviour, with transactions becoming 
quicker, lower in ticket price, higher in frequency and increasingly integrated with credit. 
As the credit landscape continues to evolve and improve SBI Card, as a customer -centric and 
agile organization views these developments as opportunities to drive sustainable growth and 
deliver consistent financial performance. Our growth remains anchored i n delivering seamless 
customer journeys, offering personalized awards and offering best -in-class products that meet 
the evolving needs of our customers. 
During the quarter, we rolled out various customer -centric initiatives, including the launch of 
Khushiyan Unlimited, our integrated multilingual nationwide festive campaign, featuring over 
1,250 offers from leading brands across more than 2,950 cities.  We continue to form strategic 
partnerships with leading players, including Amazon, Flipkart and Apple to enrich customers' 
shopping experience. We were a key partner with Apple for the newly launched iPhone 17 to 
drive spend and customer engagement. 
Coming to business performance, our robust business model and disciplined portfolio 
management balancing customer engagement and prudent risk management have enabled us to 
deliver strong results during the quarter. The outcome validates the impact of our f ocused 
[page 4]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 3 of 20 
approach, including recent tech -driven initiatives such as hy per personalization and 
strengthening of early warning digital models. 
Let me share some key metrics. Cards-in-force have grown to around INR2 crores 18 lakh with 
8% Y-o-Y growth.  We added 864,000 new accounts while continuing to focus on quality 
acquisitions. Sourcing from open market and Banca were 56% versus 44%, respectively. As per 
the RBI December 2025 data, SBI Card continues to be India's second largest credit card issuer, 
with cards in force market share at 18.8%. 
While this quarter's acquisitions were moderate, over the next few quarters, we aim to acquire 
around 900,000 to 1 million new accounts every quarter with focus o n quality and premium 
accounts. 
This will be done with an oversight on risk and asset quality to ensure sustainable, well-balanced 
growth. As for the spend, as per RBI December 2025 data, our spend market share has further 
grown to 17.7% in FY'26. Spends during the quarter reached the highest ever level of 
INR1,14,702 Crore, with a strong 33% growth YoY. 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt the line for the management has been dropped please stay connected while we 
reconnect the line for the management. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the line for the 
management reconnected. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Salila Pande: Thank you, Sagar. So going back to the spend. Retail spend reached INR91,962 crores 
witnessing a 14% Y-o-Y growth. We have seen good growth across most pos and online spend 
categories. Online spend witnessed strong growth across all nondiscretionary and discretionary 
categories. Online spend contributed around 62.1% of the total retail spends during the 9 months 
of FY '26. 
As a result of our continued focus on diversification of use cases, corporate spends witnessed 
strong growth and reached INR22,739 crores during the quarter. We continue to benefit from 
the UPI on credit card linkage Driven by festive season, UPI and credit card usage continued to 
gain momentum, witnessing further 20% growth quarter -over-quarter majorly in department 
stores, groceries, utilities, fuel, apparel and restaurants. 
Let me now share a few key metrics of our financial performance. Revenue from operations 
reached INR5,127 crores, witnessing 11% growth Y-o-Y. Revenue has been higher mainly due 
to higher spend based income. Profit after tax was INR557 crores, witnessing 45% growth Y-o-
Y, mainly driven by improved gross credit cost and lower cost of funds. Operating costs during 
the quarter was higher due to higher corporate pass back driven by increase in corporate spend. 
We have also recognized a onetime increase in gratuity and leave encashment expense for the 
past services amounting to INR12 crores, primarily arising due to change in definition of eligible 
wages as per the recently communicated revised Labour Code. The cost-to-income ratio for the 
quarter was 56.8%. Receivables  during the quarter reached INR 57,213 crores with almost 4% 
growth Y-o-Y. 
[page 5]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 4 of 20 
The high interest earning assets were at 56%, with revolver rate at 23%. This is due to the higher 
transaction volume, leading to higher repayment post the festive period, as has been the case in 
the previous years. The higher average transaction volume al so impacted the yield for the 
quarter, which was 16.3% versus 16.5% in the previous quarter. 
With the revolver balances on a downward bias, we are focusing on prioritizing growth in our 
EMI portfolio to expand interest-bearing assets and drive more predictable revenue stream. Our 
tie-ups with merchants, OEMs and partners are also aimed towards this initiative. 
The cost of funds on a daily weighted average basis for Q3 was lower by 5 basis points quarter-
over-quarter. The benefit from repo rate cuts on our floating book has been mostly absorbed. 
The cost of funds is expected to remain stable at current levels fro m here onwards. The net 
interest margin for the quarter was 11% versus 11.2% during Q2. 
As regard asset quality over the last few quarters, our actions on underwriting, portfolio 
management and collections have helped us improve the asset quality, giving us a better portfolio 
mix, lower NPAs and lower credit cost. 
Gross credit cost has improved from 9% during the previous quarter to 8.3%, mainly contributed 
by lower gross write-offs. Gross NPA for the quarter remained flat at 2.86%, however, the NPA 
stock has reduced by INR 67 crores quarter-over-quarter and INR 140 crores year -over-year to 
INR1,638 crores. 
Stage 2 balance which is portfolio with significant increase in credit risk has also reduced by 
INR246 crores quarter-over-quarter and INR844 crores year-over-year to INR2,239 crores. The 
lower NEA and lower Stage 2 and Stage 3 stock resulted in a write -back of INR121 crores of 
provision as per the ECL model. However, the same has been retained and thus the company is 
carrying an additional provision of INR121 crores as at the end of the quarter. 
With lower Stage 2, Stage 3 stock, there is an improvement in the slippage ratio as well quarter-
over-quarter. As we have mentioned in our last earnings call, the gross credit cost is on a 
downward trend.  With adequate provisioning, lower delinquent stocks and continued 
momentum on both portfolio management and collections, our portfolio today reflects a stronger 
profile. 
As regards liquidity and capital adequacy, our liquidity position continues to be strong. Our 
capital adequacy ratio was at a strong level of 24.4%. ROA for the quarter was 3.2%, higher 79 
basis points year -over-year. ROE for the quarter was 14.7%, higher by 322 basis points year -
over-year. 
To conclude, amidst a dynamic environment supported by a wide set of coordinated strategic 
interventions, the company has delivered robust results for the quarter and for the 9 months of 
FY '26.  We remain focused on further strengthening our risk management framework, 
moderating credit costs and maintaining healthy asset quality to ensure long-term robustness and 
resilience. 
[page 6]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 5 of 20 
The performance reinforces our confidence that we are on the right path. Looking ahead, we 
intend to scale up our business in a calibrated manner to ensure stronger and sustainable 
profitable growth for the long-term. With that, we are now open for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. Your first question comes from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from 
Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Yes. Good evening. Sorry, I did not catch it properly. You said that there has been a release of 
INR121 crores, which you have not written back. So it would have been written back in the gross 
credit cost? Is it means the provisions would have declined by INR121 crores. Is that what you 
meant? 
Salila Pande: So that's right, Mahrukh. Number one, the provisions would have declined by INR121  crores. 
The gross credit cost would have declined and also the profits would have been higher by 
approximately the same amount had we written it back. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Okay. But since you already have been tightening over the years, your provisioning policy, why 
did you not choose to write this back? 
Salila Pande: For two reasons, that we are hopeful that in the coming days, we will be able to grow the 
receivables, which we are working on. And, we do an annual review of our risk model refresh. 
In the past, we have seen there has been some volatility in the gross credit cost and the profit 
numbers. Then we have seen variance because of the variations in the stages rates, variation in 
the receivable numbers. So to reduce that volatility, we thought that we'll wait for now till we 
have done with the model refresh, and we'll take a call after that. 
Mahrukh Adajania: So model refresh is in the fourth quarter? 
Salila Pande: We normally do it annually. 
Mahrukh Adajania: But it will be now in the fourth quarter, right, like in the last quarter of the year? 
Salila Pande: Right. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Okay. And my other question is on growth. So obviously, there's a festival base and all lenders 
have seen a decline in AUM, right, or in receivables. And everyone seen like a 5% to 7% decline 
and so have you. But I mean, what's the real reason, of course, there's a festival base, but 
receivable growth looks very anemic through the sector. 
Is it that the credit cards are losing share to other payment products? How do we view this on a 
structural basis? And what is the guidance on AUM growth now because we are already at 5% 
year-on-year. So what would be the guidance? When would we reach mid-teens or early teens? 
So that's my other question. 
Girish Budhiraja: So, Mahrukh, on your second question on the AUM growth, first of all, a, it is not a structural 
issue. If you look at the retail payments and the transactions, both are growing consistently. In 
[page 7]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 6 of 20 
fact, it's the other way around, if you look at the spend growth on retail, which is at around 15% 
or so, is lagging the transaction growth. 
That means customers are using the card for even low -value transactions, and it is becoming 
more ingrained in their lifestyle. So there is no issue on that side. On the asset side, as was being 
stated, the asset has three parts: transactor asset, revolver asset and the instalment asset. 
Transactor asset can keep on varying on a month -to-month basis depending on the seasonality 
it keeps going up and down. But on a year -on-year basis, you will see some trend lines there, 
one festival here and there otherwise. As of now, the revolver asset i s where we see is either 
stable or no growth is happening there. 
And we have been cautious there, and we have been stating that over the last 5 to 6 quarters, that 
we have tightened our new customer acquisition, and we have been more selective there. We 
want the credit cost to come down. And for that reason, we see the revolving asset has a slightly 
downward bias. 
And as MD ma’am mentioned in her opening remarks, we are going to focus on what is in our 
control, primarily, which is on the installment asset, which is growing. So the new sale of 
installment asset actually is growing higher than the retail spend, which is a very good t rend 
because the new -- the customers who are spending are converting more of their spend into 
assets. 
So spend to lend is going stronger. These are the trends as of now. As we see the credit costs 
come down to the levels where it is comfortable and we are okay with it, incremental or marginal 
customers can always be looked at. 
Salila Pande: So just to supplement what Girish mentioned, Mahrukh, we will continue to grow, but the growth 
will be sustainable.  -- Ultimately the customer as well as the business that we do has to be 
profitable. So, we are having a calibrated approach. This is something that we will continue to 
do that we are not going to grow recklessly. We'll grow where we see merit and where we see 
value. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Salila Pande: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Aditya Vikram from DB Securities 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Vikram: Hi, thank you so much for taking my questions. After a very long period of time, we are seeing 
some really good numbers. So I think you answer ed about the receivables, right? What are the 
trends looking at, right? Is the spend increasing or are we going to focus more on the EMI assets? 
Because if I look at your presentation, right, what I see is that the Q-on-Q growth about the retail 
spend is not very significant, right? So just wanted your thoughts on some qualitative 
commentary on that. That's the first question. 
[page 8]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 7 of 20 
The second one, which I wanted to really understand is that you mentioned in your initial 
remarks that it was about 4 quarters back when you were growing at 1.1 million or almost 1 
million customers every quarter. And you're saying you will go back to that. So what happens?  
What is your assessment again on the side of the quality? Do we add some new customers, you 
see the growth increasing on the same path going forward? Or you will be more aggressive in 
terms of acquiring new customers? Thank you. 
Salila Pande: So if I got your first question correctly, it was about spends where you said that the spend has 
been lower than –Q2, the growth has not been significant. See, there's a little bit of seasonality 
in the previous quarter. And there was, to some extent, where we saw spend happening because 
of the festive season as well as an uptick because of the GST rationalization which happened in 
the last quarter. 
But I would say that we see consistency. And in terms of the spend also, we are seeing a good 
growth happening. Quality of spend is also improving, and spends per card if you look at the 
investor presentation has also improved. In fact, last year, what I understand that the festivals 
were there for the 2 days in Q2,  whereas this time the festival season started almost 10 days 
earlier before the end of Q2. 
So there was a spend spillover which happened in the last quarter as well as this quarter. So both 
the quarters had a respective spend growth. Number two, in terms of NEA I would stick to what 
I said earlier that we will grow. We see ample opportunity.  But we will continue to see where 
the value is . The business and customer profile should be valuable and profitable for the 
company as well. 
So we will continue to grow. We are very hopeful with the kind of initiatives that we are taking 
that once we start seeing more abatement in asset quality, we will go to the next level. But as of 
now, also, it's not that we will not grow. We will continue to grow and have a consistent growth 
in terms of the customer acquisition. 
Aditya Vikram: So just to follow up on that, mam. You said 1 million customers is what you're looking at, right? 
So I just want to get that clear, right? We will be able to acquire 1 million customers by having 
aggressive strategy, but at the same point of time, there wi ll be more sustainable with less risk 
of any sort of discretionary kind of a category, right? That's what you were trying to say in 
baseline. 
Salila Pande: Correct. 
Aditya Vikram: Okay. Thank you very much. Again, after a very long period of time, a very good quarter. So I 
hope it sustain and continue. Congrats to you and your management. 
Salila Pande: Thank you, Aditya. 
Moderator: Your next question comes from the line of Gao Zhixuan from Schonfeld. Please go ahead. 
[page 9]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 8 of 20 
Gao Zhixuan: Firstly, on the margins. Given that we are going for quality and we talk about revolver assets of 
downward bias, where and when do you see the margin bottoming out? Or how should we think 
about the margin going forward? 
Girish Budhiraja: So on the margin, there are 2 elements. The first one is on the yield. So I will talk first on the 
yield. We see a slight downward trend on the yield. And primarily, the reason here is that as I 
was stating earlier, that the revolving asset percentage will have a slight downward trend, at least 
for the next 2 to 3 quarters.  So given that we will have a downward trend on the yield at this 
stage. Cost of funds, will remain stable. 
Rashmi Mohanty: See, at this point in time, it doesn't look like there's going to be another rate cut. If it happens, 
obviously, we will get the benefit of that. But just adding on to what Girish was saying, the yield 
on the portfolio definitely looks like on a downward trend. Cost of funds at the most will remain 
stable if it doesn't start to go up because as the expectation of the rate cut has disappeared, you 
have seen this month, the short end and both the long and have moved up on the rate.  But on a 
near to medium term, I would say the margin will shrink towards the second half of the year. 
Salila Pande: See I just want to add that ultimately, we are talking about overall profitability over there. So 
the idea is how do we optimize the profits ? And so that we have the right optimal margins and 
also ensure that the riskiness of the customer is to the extent where we are not seeing substantial 
losses. So that is the idea. And we will continue to ensure that the margins remain stable within 
the profile that we want in terms of the customers. 
Gao Zhixuan: Got it. Just on the growth outlook, we talked about going back to 10 lakh 0r 9 to 10 lakh kind of 
new customer run rate, which seems to be suggesting your cuts in cost is going to be growing, I 
say, 9%, 10%, which has been the case for the past couple of quarters. So with expense cut 
growth at 10%, spends grew by 15%, we have seen your receivable growth at 7%- 8%, now it's 
5%.or -- So how do we get back to that 10%, 15% receivable growth with, let's say -- is that 
doable with kind of 9 lakh, 10 lakh customer acquisition? 
Girish Budhiraja: It is doable. There are multiple levers for doing that. So it is not only that if the cards grow, then 
only the asset will grow because asset per customer also, there is an opportunity to grow. At this 
stage, because it is also about the kind of risk and r eturn ratio that you are looking at. So as of 
now, what we are doing here is and what we are looking at is that we are being more -- as ma'am 
said, we are being calibrated, we are being fairly selective. 
So we will look at this. There is no dearth of customers. We can always look at certain specific 
segments and go slightly deeper and b uild asset there. So those opportunities are there in front 
of us. We will go to them at the right time when the comfort with the credit quality is there with 
us. 
Gao Zhixuan: Cool. Sorry, so just last one question on the other income. It went from INR171 crores, 160-odd 
crores. Usually, it went to INR226 crores this quarter. What's the jump about? 
Rashmi Mohanty: We've made a disclosure in the exchange filings, there is a release of one of the provisions that 
we were carrying , and INR50 crores of that release has gone into the other income. You can 
actually read the exchange disclosure. It has details on the provision release. 
[page 10]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 9 of 20 
Gao Zhixuan: Got it. Thank you so much. I will join back the queue. 
Moderator: Your next question comes from the line of Rohan M from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohan M.: Good evening, team. Thanks for the opportunity. On the ECL, model changes that we have done, 
if you could highlight what was the exact changes that led to the release? 
Salila Pande: So we didn't make any changes in the model. It's just that as we keep on saying that we refresh 
the data. When we get on new quarter data, then we drop one quarter from the old -- in the 
overall model. And that is the only thing we did. 
If you look at the Investor presentation, you will see that actually, because of that, the provision 
rates have actually increased. The reason why there was an ECL release is that the stock in Stage 
2, Stage 3 as well as Stage 1 have gone down. So because of that, basically, the overall ECL 
amount declined, but we decided to have a management overlay there and retain those 
provisions. 
Rohan M.: Sure. And one of the competitors in the recent 3Q results indicated that they will have 2 more 
quarters of pain and credit cards where slippage may likely elevated. So anything that we want 
to comment upon on until when this elevated slippage in credit cards can continue? 
Salila Pande: So, we continue to see a downward trend in slippages because of the roll rates we are seeing, the 
reduction in the stock we are seeing -- and this has been because the company has been working 
on improving asset quality for many quarters now. So we are seeing the benefit. We don't expect 
looking at the numbers today that t here will be any elevation in terms of the stress in the 
portfolio. 
Rohan M.: Sure. And the total spend in the Category 3 has jumped sharply in the 9 months. So is it primarily 
driven by corporate cards or like what is driving this jump? 
Girish Budhiraja: No. So that data is completely retail data, there is no element of corporate in that one. I'll come 
to the category, I'll just explain the Category 3 to you. So in the Category 3, there is travel agents, 
hotel airlines and railways. So what we have seen is in the travel segment  & in entertainment 
segment, there is a jump up on the online spends. 
Rohan M.: Okay, fine. And lastly, if you look at the opex growth has been almost 21% in the 9 months and 
income growth is 12%. So from an operating loss perspective, going into FY'27, like how should 
one think on that? 
Girish Budhiraja: So you're talking about the overall opex growth? 
Rohan M.: Correct. 
Girish Budhiraja: Yes, going into next year, there are -- there will be 2 elements which will be -- should be looked 
at. One is that we have -- as of now, we are indicating 900,000 to 1 million cards a quarter. So 
however, if during the year, we want to increase the number of cards or increase the acquisition, 
that will be incremental cost over this year. So that actually comes as an opex, but it is an 
investment into the future from a company perspective.  
[page 11]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 10 of 20 
The second part is also about the corporate card spends. We always stated that the market is at 
anywhere between 20% to 25%. And in this quarter, we are now finally around 19%, 20% of the 
overall spend. So we would want it to be broadly in this space. So from this quarter, whatever 
you see as a corporate card spend, we don't want it to as a percentage terms go further than that. 
So these are the 2 broad trend lines that you will see as a differential this year over next year. 
Rohan M.: And lastly, just the Tier 1 ratio, which has jumped this quarter, what is the rationale for that? 
Rashmi Mohanty: Profit for the quarter. 
Rohan M.: Yes. Q-o-Q, there's a jumping Tier 1 ratio? 
Salila Pande: That's because see both the risk-weighted assets have declined slightly and the profits have been 
added to Both the numerator and the denominator impact. 
Rohan M.: Sure. Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Y our next question comes from the line of Jignesh Shial from Ambit.  Please go 
ahead. 
Jignesh Shial: Yes. Hi, am I audible? 
Rashmi Mohanty: Yes. 
Moderator: Yes, you are audible. 
Jignesh Shial: Thanks for the opportunity. I  have three questions. First of all, this quarter, we have seen the 
new account addition has seen a kind of a decline, whereas we are talking about adding up 1 
million accounts each quarter gradually. So can you give some color of which are the customer 
base that wil l be focused because you are talking about being selective and conservative. So 
what kind of which -- I mean, which geographies or which kind of customer base, if you can 
give some -- throw some light on that, that will be helpful. That's my first question? 
Girish Budhiraja: Okay. To answer your first question. This quarter, we were -- as per our estimates, we were close 
to around 30,000 to 50,000 cards shorter in achieving our target. We would like to compensate 
for that in this quarter. So we try to keep stay between 900,000 to 1 million, but whatever 30,000, 
40,000, 50,000, we fell short of in last quarter , We want to compensate for it in this quarter. 
Ideally, we would want our Banca contribution to be around 50% to 55% and the balance coming 
from the open market. As you have seen, we have -- in the last quarter, we have tied up with 
three large players. So we have a co-brand with IndiGo.  
We have done a co-brand with Flipkart and we have a co-brand with PhonePe and Tata Neu. So 
these are large digital co -brands. Strategically, we would want to on the open market go -- do 
work with as many large digital partners so that we can get the customers from there, where you 
get the spending customers who have a value proposition, which they like. From the Banca side, 
we have already integrated with Yono1. 
[page 12]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 11 of 20 
And now with Yono 2, you would have recently seen the launch of Yono 2 and Internet banking. 
This is a primary focus area where we want to give a seamless end -to-end digital experience to 
customers. So these are the areas where we are focusing. It is not about geography or a particular 
segment obviously, government salaried is one of the best customer segment. 
And we continue to be strong in that particular segment. But from a customer psychographics 
and demographic perspective, we would want to go as much digital because it is not only about 
acquiring the customer, it is also about activating him , keeping him engaged with us for a long 
period of time. So looking at all those parameters, this is the way that we are looking at acquiring 
our customers. 
Jignesh Shial: Perfect. That sounds great. Second question is now is on opex. So now obviously, we have seen 
a kind of a moderation in growth. And obviously, gradually, we are talking about acquiring more 
customers, obviously, through digital mode and all, how do you see our current cost to income 
is somewhere around 56% kind of number? And also, we are talking about doing more co -
branded credit cards across.  So what trajectory are we seeing on the opex front and cost -to-
income front or cost to average assets front? Can you give some color on that? 
Rashmi Mohanty: So, cost-to-income, we anyway have indicated that for the year, we should be in the 55% to 57% 
range. And the reason why we gave that guidance was because we were expecting. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, the line for the management has been dropped. Please stay connected 
while we reconnect line for the management. Ladies and gentlemen, we have the line for the 
management reconnected. Yes, ma'am, please go ahead. 
Rashmi Mohanty: So, I was saying that we had given a guidance for 55%, 57% because we were obviously 
expecting a higher corporate spend this year given the growth that you've seen there, and we 
maintain that for this year. I think on the other question, in general, on the opex, how will it look 
like for the next year, Girish has already given an indication that as we grow the number of cards 
per quarter, once we get back to that number, it will obviously impact on the opex numbers. 
I think corporate spend, we are at about 20 %-odd of our overall spend. We will maintain that 
ratio. So in terms of year -on-year, that won't really be that bigger delta in the cost -to-income 
ratio. But as we continue to grow the number of cards, that will definitely impact cost to income. 
Jignesh Shial: So we should see overall range inching up. Is that a fair assumption? 
Rashmi Mohanty: I would still say it should be in the same range of 55% to 57% next year. 
Jignesh Shial: Understood. And final third question is on your credit costs. So right now, it's 8.3%, obviously, 
if you adjust for INR121 crores provision release, it would have been even lesser. So any broad 
trajectory that we are thinking about that I understand that credit card generally means a cyclical 
business. But since MD ma’am is talking about bringing up more stability in overall earnings 
and all. So any broader range that is there what we are thinking about in case of credit cost for 
next -- say next 2 to 3 years kind of horizon? How do we see that one?  
[page 13]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 12 of 20 
Salila Pande: So as I have been maintain ing earlier as well as Jignesh it’s  a very long period for credit card 
portfolio right now to speak about, but the intent is and the numbers reflects very clearly that we 
will continue to work on reducing the overall gross credit costs going forward. And you will 
definitely see improvement in the coming quarters. 
Jignesh Shial: All right. There is no broader range that -- or any levels that you think we should be settling at, 
say 6%, 7% kind of number or nothing right now in the horizon?  
Salila Pande: As of now, see, I will not commit on 6%, 6.5%. But as you have known in the past, we have 
seen those numbers. And once we reach, definitely, we will be very comfortable. 
Jignesh Shial: Understood. That’s really ma’am. And thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: Thank you. Y our next question comes from the line of Pranuj Shah from 3P Investment  
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pranuj Shah: Hi, thank you for taking my question. M ost of them have been answered, just a couple of 
clarifications. One is, could you give the breakup between salary and self -employed between 
your new sourcing in 3Q? 
Salila Pande: 72%. So For this quarter new acquisitions is 72% salaried. 
Pranuj Shah: 72 is salaried? 
Salila Pande: Yes. 
Pranuj Shah: Okay. Got it. And second is just a clarification I think in note 11 you mentioned that  some 
mandated contributions to PIDF have been reversed from your liability of INR70 crores.  So 
could you give the context around that, what is that around? 
Rashmi Mohanty: So very briefly there was a RBI requirement to contribute to the payment infrastructure 
development fund. And for that, we have been building the provisions. We did pay out up to a 
certain period to RBI and we received regulatory confirmation that the regu lator will not be 
collecting it for the period July to -- July '24 to June 2025. And therefore, that provision has been 
released. 
Pranuj Shah: Okay, but nothing about the continuity of that scheme beyond December '25? 
Rashmi Mohanty: The scheme anyway ended in December , on December 31, 2025. So up until June, we have 
released the provision. 
Pranuj Shah: Okay, ma’am. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Y our next question comes from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA.  Please go 
ahead. 
[page 14]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 13 of 20 
Piran Engineer: Yes. Hi, team. Thanks for taking my question. Most have been asked. Just firstly, on the cost of 
funds increasing 10 bps Q-o-Q, that's just mathematical because last quarter of the end-of-period 
borrowing effect? 
Rashmi Mohanty: That's right, Piran. The numbers that you see are on a 4-point average and because the last quarter 
number was higher, which is why you see that kind of a trend. On a daily weighted average, 
which is what has been also shared and disclosed in the document, our cost of funds has come 
down by 5 basis points this quarter. 
Piran Engineer: Got it. And Rashmi also mentioned that cost of funds should be stable unless we see another rate 
cut, but the December rate cut benefit should still come in, right? Or are you seeing that offset 
because stable rates have gone up? 
Rashmi Mohanty: I was hoping as well, Piran, that the benefit should come in, but look at the rate on both the short 
end and the long end of the curve, they've only gone up. 
Piran Engineer: Okay. Okay. So broadly, cost of funds should be here? 
Rashmi Mohanty: That's right. 
Piran Engineer: Got it. And then secondly, is the industry and you all taking any further cost -cutting measures 
to alleviate the top line pressure? Because this revolver pressure is, therefore, everyone not just 
you. Any measures in terms of reducing cash backs and reward points and -- or maybe sourcing 
fees, etcetera? 
Salila Pande: So, nothing specific, but this is a part of the overall regimen that we continue to review our 
offerings, our value prop. And wherever we feel that the CBA is not holding out even in the long 
run, we keep on taking those measures. So nothing in particular. 
Piran Engineer:  Got it. Thank you and wish you all the best 
Moderator: Your next question comes from the line of Ansh Kumawat from Capital One. 
Ansh Kumawat: I just want to ask regarding the other operating expense, which has been largely the INR2,000 
crores for the last 2 quarters now. Is it mainly -- is it mainly concerning the corporate spends? 
Or is there any other delta to it? Because we've grown from around INR1,400 crores to around 
INR2,000 crores in the last 5 quarters, 6 quarters? 
Rashmi Mohanty : Sorry, your question is on the... 
Ansh Kumawat: Other operating expense. Correct? Other operating expenses. 
Rashmi Mohanty So this includes all the expenses around cash back, corporate pass back, sales at the acquisition 
cost, all of that. 
Ansh Kumawat: Okay. So should we also -- should we also link it to corporate spend in any way then? Corporate 
spend is going to increase, this should also increase? 
[page 15]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 14 of 20 
Rashmi Mohanty: So, as we said, that corporate spend this quarter were at about 20%-odd of our overall spend, we 
would like to maintain that at that ratio. So in terms of the rate, you should now see a stable rate 
quarter-on-quarter. 
Ansh Kumawat: Okay. So This INR2,000 crores would be the run rate for the coming quarters, right? 
Girish Budhiraja: Yes, there are 3 elements of cost in this, customer acquisition costs. 
Rashmi Mohanty: The cash back. 
Girish Budhiraja: The cash back and the offers that we do in the market. And the third part is the corporate pass 
back. Plus customer value benefit utilization. So it has these 4 elements into it. So there will be 
some amount of variation depending on offer and season, but some of the things are fairly stable. 
So for example, value proposition cost is fairly stable. Customer acquisition costs are because 
we are running at this point in the last 2, 3 quarters is fairly stable. 
Ansh Kumawat: Okay. Alright, Thankyou 
Moderator: Thank you and your next question comes from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal. 
Nitin Aggarwal: And congrats on a good quarter. So one question is around the credit cost. So when you look at 
the credit cost, which has come down from 9% to 8.3%. It's quite a good decline we are seeing. 
But can you also share some color on how much this is as a percentage of retail loans? 
The reason I'm asking is because while there is a decline, but the mix of corporate spends also 
has increased from 6% to 20% in past 1 year. And retail loans I believe will be a major cause of 
this credit cost. So how should one look at this entire equation in entirety? 
Salila Pande: So, we don't have any delinquency in our corporate portfolio. This -- whatever credit cost is 
reflected in terms of the write -offs related to all retail loan only, in the past as well as of the 
current quarter. 
Nitin Aggarwal: So then what will be the percentage of the retail loans last year versus what is it now? So as to 
like make a better sense of this credit cost number? 
Girish Budhiraja: So even in the asset, there is hardly any corporate. Corporate asset is not more than INR150 
crores to INR250 crores. Balance everything is retail. 
Nitin Aggarwal: Okay. Great. That's good to know. And secondly, like within the retail corporate spend mix, how 
should one look at this going forward, like the corporate has been growing at a very rapid pace. 
So where do you want to mix to be over the coming year or maybe in the short term? 
Salila Pande: So, Nitin, it's growing at a slightly higher pace right now because we had lost some ground in 
the last year. The idea, as Girish mentioned earlier, is that we will try to maintain a mix of having 
around 20% of the contribution coming from the corporate spend side going forward. 
Nitin Aggarwal:  Okay, Okay Thank you so much and wish you all the best 
[page 16]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 15 of 20 
Moderator: Thank you, your next question comes from the line of Kaitav Shah from Anand Rathi. 
Kaitav Shah: Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Can you explain the sharp increase in the capital 
adequacy? 
Salila Pande: So capital adequacy, one is that accretion of profit has happened. And then the risk -weighted 
assets have declined as compared to the previous quarter. Both the things have impacted. Other 
than that, there is nothing significant there. 
Kaitav Shah: Okay. Sure, mam. And second question broadly is on outlook for growth over the medium term. 
Is there a chance, and it's a reiteration of earlier question. But how do you see this panning out 
over the medium term? Do you see growth moving up to the double-digit levels? 
Salila Pande: So, when you talk of medium term, how long are you talking about? 
Kaitav Shah: 2 to 3 years. 
Salila Pande: Definitely. That will be the intent. And we see it even this opportunity and we’ll work towards 
it. 
Kaitav Shah:  Thank you so much 
Moderator: Thank you, your next question comes from the line of M.B. Mahesh from Kotak Securities. 
M. B. Mahesh: Just a couple of questions, ma'am. First on the credit cost, just qualitatively, when you are now 
looking at selections from the bad loan book, is this improvement coming in because customers 
are now getting access to better funds because we also see personal loans kind of disbursements 
picking up. 
Is it access to credit, which is leading to better recovery? Is it income leading to better recoveries? 
If you just kind of give us some color?  Or is it lower settlement that you're doing compared to 
what you used to do earlier. What is driving the credit cost decline? 
Salila Pande: So, for credit cost decline, I would say, collections. We would be happy to see even better 
collections happening. As we mentioned, we don't think that it's happening as customers getting 
access to other cr edits. We have basically increased the intensity of our collections. We have 
become more efficient, enhance d the resources.  And those are the things which are reaping 
benefits for us in terms of the customers who are already delinquent. 
Apart from that, as we keep on mentioning that since we are more vigilant in terms of the 
acquisition, in terms of the portfolio management, we are seeing lower slippages as well. So that 
is also benefiting us. But I would not say that it's happening because of people getting access to 
credit from somewhere else. I don't think it's working like that right now. 
M. B. Mahesh: Perfect. And this confirmation, if you're now looking at the forward flows into 30 to 60 to 90, 
has that also started to drop down meaningfully? And are you seeing some pullbacks as well? 
How should we look at this number as we go forward? 
[page 17]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 16 of 20 
Salila Pande: Sorry, I didn't get you. You are saying it's dropping means? 
M. B. Mahesh: Is the forward flow from 30 to 60, 60 to 90, is that also starting to fall off? And is there a pullback 
from the 60 to 90 back to 1 to 30? How are you seeing those trends as well? 
Salila Pande: So, both are happening. We are seeing abatement in terms of the roll forward as well as pullbacks 
are also happening. 
M. B. Mahesh: And if that logic holds, should we assume a meaningful reduction in credit cost based on what 
you have said so far? 
Salila Pande: See, Mahesh, that's the intent. But what we have seen is it's such a volatile industry. We are 
working towards it. We are hopeful, and we look forward to it. 
M. B. Mahesh: Okay. Just last one question. When you're looking at some of these platforms, third -party 
applications for where you see a RuPay credit cards. Does the MDR for you at a net level remains 
the same, or do you, as an issuer have to bear some costs to these apps as well? 
Girish Budhiraja: You're right, Mahesh, we get interchange. However, in the whole ecosystem of this UPI CC, 
there is 2 more extra entities, which is called TSP and PSP, which is payment service provider 
and a technical service provider. As per NPCI guidelines, they also get some share of the overall 
MDR. 
M. B. Mahesh: And it goes out of the share-of the acquirer side or from the issuer side, just trying to understand 
that. 
Girish Budhiraja: So they have done some adjustment. Earlier, it was acquirer share and issuer share. So some part 
of it goes from the acquirers, some part goes from the issuer. 
M. B. Mahesh: Okay. Because your number shows 1.2% on the gross side, but I c an't see the net number, 
though? 
Girish Budhiraja: Yes, because issuers share is slightly higher. 
M. B. Mahesh: Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Anuj Singla from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Singla: Good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. So couple of questions. Firstly, we have been seeing 
a consistent decline in the revolver share. And I think in the past couple of calls, Girish has 
mentioned that for the newly acquired customers, the proportion of revolver is much lower. Can 
you give us some sense on what the quantum is versus where we are versus the current 23%, 
where can it settle down over a period of time? 
Salila Pande: So, Anuj, we don't disclose those numbers. vintage wise. But again, yes, to Girish's point, yes, 
we are seeing a downward bias in terms of the new acquisition, which is intuitively also correct, 
[page 18]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 17 of 20 
because we are slightly more conservative in terms of the new acquisition. So we are seeing 
lower revolvers in the new vintages. 
Anuj Singla: Okay. So I think during earlier part of the call, Girish also mentioned this can continue for the 
next couple of quarters and then settle down. Did I hear it correctly? And what gives you the 
confidence -- was it regarding revolver share that...? 
Girish Budhiraja: No, No, Anuj. So let me clarify. What I said was that we will continue to run the track that we 
are running today or till the time we see the credit cost come down under control fully, okay? 
Once that happens, we can always rampup because there is no dearth of customers and 
applicants, we have in fact, in the last 3 quarters, there has been a consistent increase in number 
of applications that we are receiving, okay? 
We can always look at certain segments, certain other categories which we are today not looking 
at and look at some pilots in those scenarios, okay?  So those experimentation and those things, 
we will look at the right time. As of now, for next two quarters, this is the track that we are 
running. 
Anuj Singla: Got it. Got it. Pretty clear, Girish. And secondly, so what we have seen is that the spend growth 
is still good on the retail side. You mentioned 14% number? But when we look at the asset 
growth, it's a bit more depressed. Ideally, this should, these 2 numbers should converge at some 
point of time. Do you see that scenario panning out in '27 or '28 ? If you can just give us some 
guidance or some handholding there that will be helpful? Thank you. 
Girish Budhiraja: Asset growth will lag spends growth in next year, at least for next year. 
Salila Pande: See, we are seeing overall in the portfolio also that as we have been saying that we see more 
customers are aware and becoming more of transactor. So as we start building up in terms of the 
portfolio, in terms of the new cards and the spend start growing, ultimately, they will culminate 
into asset growth. 
Moderator: Anuj sir, does that answer your question? 
Anuj Singla: Yes. 
Moderator: So you have any further questions? All right. We'll move on to the next question. Our next 
question comes from the line of Gaurav from MLP. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: Yeah. Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I have three questions. First one, just 
a clarification. The other income includes INR70 crores reversal of PIDF -- the contributing to 
PIDF, which we have reversed. So that's what written in this quarter. Is that correct? 
Rashmi Mohanty: Of the INR70 crores, -- INR51 crores was taken in the other income, and -- INR19 crores was 
reversed from the expenses. 
Gaurav: Sure, sure. Got it. So the P&L impact came in this quarter. Secondly, on the ECL provision, you 
mentioned about INR121 crores of excess. So, the ECL disclosed in one of your slides of 
INR1,989 crores, . Does that include INR121 crores, that's excluding the INR121 crores? 
[page 19]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 18 of 20 
Rashmi Mohanty: Including INR121 crores. 
Gaurav: Sure. So -- but if you remove the INR121 crores, the PCR would have dropped because the 
breakdown of ECL that you have disclosed in the charts, that would have otherwise reduced the 
PCR? 
Krishna Bishnoi:  In PCR, whatever percentage we have dis closed, we have made a footnote on that , that it is 
excluding this INR121 crores. So whatever the ECL is throwing PCR, we are showing that... 
Gaurav: All right. So this INR121 crores is over and above the ECL provisions that you've provided 
Stage 1, 2 and 3? 
Rashmi Mohanty: See, you have the stocks, you have the ECL rates  if you just multiply and subtract, you'll get 
INR121 crores. 
Gaurav: Sure, sure. Absolutely. Got it. The next question is -- sorry, I missed the earlier part of the call. 
So have you given any guidance for FY'26 to FY'27 asset growth or receivables growth, sorry? 
Salila Pande: No, no, we haven't given guidance this time, we have not given any guidance. 
Gaurav: Okay. So your earlier guidance of 10% to 12%, now that the asset growth has actually fallen to 
4.5%. Does that stay, the 10% to 12% for this year? 
Salila Pande: So, see, we had said 10% to 12% initially in the early earnings call. But looking at the numbers, 
and the way the portfolio mix has changed. As of now, we're refraining from giving any guidance 
because the portfolio doesn't reflect that kind of a growth might happen in terms of 10% to 12%. 
Gaurav: Sure, sure. And just a final question on... 
Salila Pande: And Gaurav, as I mentioned earlier also that ultimately, asset growth or any customer acquisition 
ultimately should culminate in better profitability. So the idea is to continue to work with the 
appropriate risk return and see that we give consistent retur ns in terms of the profits and 
profitability. 
Gaurav: Understood. Sure. And on -- finally, on the opex, is it given a guidance of 55% to 57%. If I look 
at the comment that the net card or the gross card addition in this quarter 860,000 and the target 
is 900,00 to 1 million. Incrementally, if I look at NIM –should NIM on a full year basis should 
be higher next year versus this year? 
So is it fair to assume that the opex to income would be at the lower end of your guidance? Or 
like this year, it will be at the higher end of the guidance. So how do we look at cost to income 
for next year given that the gross card addition will also not expand? 
Rashmi Mohanty: Gaurav, we haven't given any guidance for FY'27 as of now. We will obviously give some 
indications around FY'27 in the next call and the April quarter. 
Gaurav: Alright. So, this 55% to 57% is for this year? 
[page 20]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 19 of 20 
Rashmi Mohanty: Yes, that is for this year. 
Gaurav: Sure. Thank you so much. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Sucrit D. Patil for Eyesight Fintrade Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Sucrit Patil: Good evening to the team. I have  2 forward -looking questions. My first question is, with 
consumer spending pattern evolving and competition in the credit card space intensifying, how 
is SBI Card refining its customer acquisition portfolio mix and co-branding partnerships to drive 
sustainable growth? In this context, how are you balancing growth in spend s and card in force 
with prudent underwriting and long -term asset quality? That's my first question. I'll ask the 
second question after this. 
Salila Pande: Great. I would say you've asked everything. So ultimately, see the numbers will reflect 
competition is there, but there's tremendous potential as well in this market. And we feel that 
there is a great opportunity. We have our strength which gives us enough levers to ensure that 
we continue to grow sustainably, profitably consistently.  We are the single largest pure -play 
credit card issuers, which give us a lot of focus in that area. 
We have very strong co -brand partnerships to grow. Number 3, we have a strong Banca 
partnership as well with SBI, which gives us another very big opportunity to continue to grow 
the credit card portfolio.  And one thing which we continue to do is that we will continue to 
evaluate, assess, take action, basis what we are seeing in the market, what we are seeing in the 
portfolio. And we are very confident that we will continue to give sustainable results going 
forward as well. 
Sucrit Patil: My second question is regard ing finance. Given the recent moderation in asset quality metrics 
and continued investments in customer acquisition and rewards, how are you thinking about 
margin sustainability and credit cost normalization over the coming quarters. Additionally, what 
guiding principles are shaping capital allocation and risk management as the business navigates 
are changing consumption and interest rate environment? 
Salila Pande: I think my first question should have answered the next question, but the thing is that, yes, as 
regards competition, sustainable growth improving. I would say that we keep on looking at our 
portfolio, wherever we see merit, wherever we see opportunities, value for the company, we will 
continue to invest there. You're right, moderation in asset quality metrics is happening, but we 
would like to see it improve further, and this is something that we will continue to work on as 
well going forward. 
Sucrit Patil: Thank you and best of luck for the next quarter. 
Salila Pande: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as a last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Salila Pande for closing comments. 
[page 21]
SBI Cards and Payments Services Limited 
January 28, 2026 
Page 20 of 20 
Salila Pande: Thank you, Sagar. I would like to extend my sincere thanks to our shareholders, customers, 
partners, employees and to everyone who has joined us today. for their continued trust, support 
and confidence in our company. With that, thank you once again for your time and participation. 
Have a good evening. 
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 