[page 1]
May 2, 2026 
The BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers , 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
SCRIP CODE: 543066 
SECURITY: Equity Shares / Debentures 
Dear Sirs, 
The National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C- 1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex. 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
SYMBOL: SDICARD 
SECURITY: Equity Shares 
Re: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Oblig ations and Disclosure 
Requirement s ) Regulation s , 2015 -Tran s cript - SDI Card Q4 'FY 26 Earnin gs Call 
In compliance with the provisio n s of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III Part A of SEBI 
(Listing Obligatio n s and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 201 5, tran script of the 
Earnings Call h eld on April 27 , 2026 with analysts / investors , has been made available 
on the website of the Company at the below mentioned link. Further, the same is also 
attached herewi th for refer ence. 
https: //www.sbicard.com/en/who-we-are/analyst -investor -meeting.page 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you , 
Yours faithfully, 
For SDI Cards and Payment Service s Limited 
Payal Mittal Chhabra 
Chief Compliance Officer & Company Secretary 
Date & Time of even t : - April 27, 2026 at around 04:30 PM 
Encl:.aa 
SBI Cards and Payment Services Ltd. 
DLF lnfir ty To·,\ers. To.ver C. 
12th Floor, B!o,k 2. Bu lding 3, 
DLF Cyber City, Gurugram - 122002. 
Haryana, India 
Tel.: 1800 1801290 
Email: customercare@sbic~ d co n 
Website, sbica d.com 
Registercc, Office : 
Unit 40 1 & 40 2, 4th Floor, AF,garwal Millennium Tower, 
E 1,2,3, Netaji Subhash P ce. \ 11zirpur, N~.v De h - 1100'3, 
CIN • L65999DL 1998PLC09 3849 
[page 2]
Page 1 of 16 
“SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
Q4 & FY '26 Earnings Conference Call” 
April 27, 2026 
MANAGEMENT: M S. SALILA PANDE – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER  
MR. GIRISH BUDHIRAJA – CHIEF SALES AND MARKETING OFFICER 
MS. RASHMI MOHANTY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MR. KRISHNA KANT BISHNOI – CHIEF RISK OFFICER 
OSBI Card 
OSBI Card 
[page 3]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to SBI Card and Payment Services Limited Q4 
and FY '26 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant line will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 I now hand the conference over to Ms. Salila Pande, MD and CEO, SBI Cards. Thank you, and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Salila Pande: Thank you, Danish. A very good afternoon to everyone. On behalf of the Board and Management 
of SBI Cards, I would like to welcome and thank you for joining us today. I would like to extend 
our gratitude to all the stakeholders for their continued support and trust in the company. 
 At SBI Card, we remain focused on supporting India's rapidly evolving digital payment 
landscape while further reinforcing our position as India's largest pure-play credit card player. 
The Indian economy continues to demonstrate resilience despite ongoing geopolitical 
uncertainties with real GDP projected to grow at around 6.9% for the financial year '26-'27. 
 As per IMF, Indian economy is likely to remain a bright spot in an increasingly uncertain global 
environment with growth running at more than twice the global average, supported by strong 
underlying fundamentals. At the same time, some moderation may be seen due to elevated 
energy prices and external headwinds. As per the recently released government data, India's 
retail inflation inched up to 3.4% year-on-year in March from 3.21% in February.  
Over the past few years, India's digital payments ecosystem has witnessed rapid transformation. 
Digital transactions are becoming an integral part of everyday payments, supported by growing 
digital infrastructure, supportive regulatory initiatives and a thriving fintech ecosystem. 
 The shift has reshaped customer behavior with payments becoming more frequent, smaller in 
terms of ticket size and increasingly integrated with credit channels. Digital transactions have 
grown almost 11x between 2021 to 2025 with UPI accounting for almost 80% of overall digital 
transactions. 
 Within this evolving payment landscape, credit cards continue to play a significant role, 
facilitating a rewarding, simple, safe and seamless payments experience. According to RBI 
March 2026 data, credit card spends during the year grew roughly 12% year-over-year to 
INR23.62 trillion. The number of cards-in-force have crossed 118.6 million during this period, 
reflecting continued adoption across India's expanding base of aspirational customers. 
 As an agile organization, we at SBI Card recognize these opportunities and are committed to 
capitalizing on them to fuel growth. We continue to strengthen our position as India's largest 
pure-play credit card player and second largest credit card issuer. 
 As a customer-centric organization, we are focused on delivering seamless customer journeys, 
differentiated product offerings and personalized experiences. Hyper-personalization continues 
to be a key strategic lever for us. During the year, we enhanced data-driven customer engagement 
OSBI Card 
[page 4]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
capabilities, helping enhance customer lifetime value through the SBI Card mobile app and 
digital channels. 
 Digital acquisition has gained momentum with SBI Card Sprint, a growing share of new account 
acquisitions is now initiated digitally, improving the speed and experience of customer 
onboarding journey. 
 During the year, we enhanced our product portfolio to meet evolving needs of aspirational and 
tech-savvy customers. For instance, during the year, we launched several co-branded credit cards 
such as Tata Neu SBI Card, Flipkart SBI Card, Indigo SBI Card and PhonePe SBI Card 
SELECT. Hundreds of national and regional offers were rolled out across all key spend 
categories in partnership with reputed brands to increase spends and engagement. 
 One of the key priorities during the year was to control and reduce credit cost. Our focus 
remained on maintaining portfolio resilience while supporting sustainable growth. We 
augmented our risk management framework, enhanced policies, procedures, models and 
analytical capabilities across areas, including underwriting, portfolio management, collections, 
fraud risk management and provisioning while ensuring alignment with evolving regulatory 
expectations and industry best practices. 
 We further strengthened our collections infrastructure, both digital and physical. The focus was 
on encouraging customers to make timely repayments. In case of a difficulty, we supported the 
customers with financial hardship tools. Technology investments in artificial intelligence and 
machine learning are playing a key role in transforming our product development and service 
delivery. From optimizing internal processes, attaining insights into customer behavior and 
preferences, upskilling employee to risk management framework, among others, we are poised 
to harness full potential of these advancements in financial year '27.  
Our ESG approach is based on 4 cornerstones of our commitment to a sustainable future, social 
prosperity, building trust, impactful integrity and climate action.  
This financial year, we also declared an interim dividend of INR2.50 per equity share, enhancing 
shareholder value. 
 As regards to business performance in Q4 and for the whole year, the results trajectory is well 
in line with what we had expected and conveyed during the year. Let me share some key metrics. 
As per RBI March 2026 data, we continue to be the second largest credit card issuer in the 
country with cards-in-force market share of 18.6%. 
 During the quarter, we added 917,000 new accounts while maintaining a strong focus on quality-
led acquisition. Our digital onboarding platform, SBI Card Sprint continues to deliver 
encouraging results by enabling faster and seamless customer acquisition. In terms of the new 
sourcing mix, our share from open market and banca channels in FY '26 stands at 54% and 46%, 
respectively. 
 As per RBI's 2026 data, our spends market share has further grown to 18.1% in financial year 
'26. Overall spends in Q4 FY '26 exceeded INR1.15 trillion with a strong 31% growth Y-o-Y. 
OSBI Card 
[page 5]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
During FY '26, overall spends were INR4.3 trillion, setting a new benchmark. Retail spends 
witnessed steady growth driven by rising adoption of digital payments and ongoing expansion 
of payment ecosystem. In Q4 of FY '26, the retail spends reached INR89,786 crores with 13% 
growth Y-o-Y. 
 During FY '26, retail spends reached the highest ever level of over INR3.54 trillion with a 15% 
growth Y-o-Y. 30-day retail spend active rate continues to be healthy at over 52% in Q4 of FY 
'26. During the quarter, we have seen growth momentum across both POS and online channels. 
Key spend categories that particularly performed well include - consumer durables, furnishing 
and hardware, apparel and jewelry, travel and entertainment, among others. Online spends 
contributed 62.5% of the total retail spends of FY '26. 
 UPI on credit card usage continued to gain momentum, witnessing 10% growth in Q4 of FY '26 
compared to Q3. Department stores and grocery, utilities, fuel, apparel and restaurants continue 
to be among the top 5 categories for UPI spends. Additionally, the ability to use RuPay credit 
cards through QR-based UPI acceptance terminals is gaining traction, particularly in Tier 2 plus 
markets that have the highest UPI active cards-in-force and UPI spends adding to the growth 
momentum. 
 As regards the financial performance of the company during Q4 and FY '26, total revenue during 
Q4 was INR5,187 crores with 7% growth Y-o-Y. Total revenue for FY '26 was INR20,708 
crores, registering 11% growth Y-o-Y. Increased spends this year resulted in higher spend-based 
income contributing to healthy revenue growth. With lower credit costs this quarter over the 
previous quarter, we delivered a profit after tax of INR609 crores in Q4 with 14% growth Y-o-
Y. 
 For the financial year 2026, SBI Card achieved a profit after tax of INR2,167 crores with a 13% 
growth Y-o-Y. During Q4 FY '26, our receivables were at INR56,926 crores, around 2% growth 
Y-o-Y. The interest-earning assets were 54% with revolver balance at 22%. Revolve rates have 
been in the range of 22% to 24% over the last 2 years, and we expect this to have a slight 
downward bias in FY '27. We will continue to focus on building our EMI book. 
 The cost of funds during Q4 was 6.4%, lower by 82 basis points Y-o-Y. For FY '26, it was 6.7%, 
lower by 71 basis points. The net interest margin for the quarter has improved to 11.1% versus 
11% in Q3. For FY '26, it has improved to 11.2%, higher by 31 basis points Y-o-Y. We expect 
NIM to remain stable, though at risk from any significant increase in cost of fund as a result of 
uncertain macroeconomic conditions. 
 In Q4 FY '26, the opex has been lower compared to the previous quarter, owing to lower spend-
based costs. However, for FY '26, the opex was 22% higher Y-o-Y on account of higher 
corporate spends. The cost-to-income ratio for Q4 was 57.2% and 55.3% for FY '26. The cost-
to-income ratio was impacted by higher operating expense on account of higher corporate 
spends. 
 In terms of the asset quality, our gross credit cost has improved by 55 basis points quarter-over-
quarter to 7.7%, continuing with the reducing trend as witnessed in the last 2 quarters as well. 
OSBI Card 
[page 6]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
GNPA for the quarter was reduced by 46 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 2.41%. The NPA 
stock has reduced by INR268 crores quarter-over-quarter and INR348 crores Y-o-Y to INR1,370 
crores. 
 Stage 2 balance, which is portfolio at significant increase in credit risk, have reduced by INR149 
crores quarter-over-quarter and INR711 crores Y-o-Y to INR2,090 crores. SBI Card 
delinquencies have continued to reduce in this quarter, too, as witnessed in the previous 6 
quarters. 
 Keeping in view the Annual ECL model refresh, and uncertainty due to geopolitical turmoil, we 
are retaining an overlay of INR220 crores for ECL provision. Owing to strengthened 
underwriting standards, portfolio management and collections, asset quality continues to 
improve with better portfolio mix, reducing NPAs and portfolio delinquencies. 
 We expect the credit cost to moderate further in FY '27. However, the rate of moderation in 
credit cost and asset quality will depend on the evolving geopolitical landscape and its impact 
on the macroeconomic factors and the unsecured lending ecosystem. We are vigilant and 
monitoring our portfolio for any likely impact of dynamic macroeconomic variables. 
 At the same time, with adequate capital and provision buffer, we do not foresee any significant 
impact in the coming quarter. Our capital adequacy ratio for Q4 was strong at a comfortable 
level of 25.5%. The ROA for Q4 was 3.6%, 29 bps higher Y-o-Y, while for FY '26, ROA was 
3.2%, 11 bps higher Y-o-Y. The ROE for Q4 was 15.6%, 8 bps higher Y-o-Y and 14.6% for FY 
'26, lower by 5 basis points Y-o-Y. 
 As we close FY '26, we remain optimistic about the long-term trajectory of India's consumer 
credit and digital payments ecosystem. Looking ahead to FY '27, we are ready and well prepared 
with adequate buffers to pursue profitable growth in a disciplined manner. It is important to 
reiterate that we remain vigilant regarding the geopolitical and economic landscape and will 
adapt our strategy if warranted. 
 With that, we are now happy to take questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer 
session. Mr. Ajmera, you may please proceed with the question. 
Ajmera: So, my first question is regarding new account addition. Our new account addition has been 
significantly lower than previous year. So how do you see and attribute it going forward? 
Salila Pande: We have mentioned during our previous earnings call that we will target acquisition of 9 lakh to 
1 million for the quarter, and we have ended this quarter with around 9.17 lakhs. So we are on 
track, and we have said that the growth will be calibrated. We look at the next quarter acquisition 
to be somewhere in the similar range. And continue with adding high-value, good quality 
customers, which ultimately add value to the overall financials of the company. 
OSBI Card 
[page 7]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Ajmera: Okay. My second question is regarding cost-to-income ratio. This year, it is around, let's say, 
57.2%, which is, let's say, 6% almost higher than previous year. How do you see this going 
forward? 
Rashmi Mohanty: So, we expect the cost to income to be in the range of 55% to 58% for the next year as well. 
Ajmera: Okay. Previously, it used to be around 51%- 52%. So what has changed into the company? 
Rashmi Mohanty: So, the change has largely been on account of the corporate spends, because the corporate spends 
this year have been way higher than what they were last year. And as you can see from the deck, 
there's a substantial increase in the corporate spend during this year as compared to the last year.  
they basically add a few percentage points on the cost to income. 
 Next year, growth will be a very BAU kind of a growth, we don't expect a very significant 
increase in the cost to income because of the corporate spend. And so it will largely be the BAU 
revenue and the cost line, which will determine the cost-to-income ratio. 
Ajmera:: Okay. And the magnitude of change is majorly due to employee cost addition or there is some 
other element attached to it? 
Salila Pande: No,it's not employee cost. There's normally a passback involved in the corporate spend on 
account of which the cost goes higher, and that is the reason. Overall, the business is profitable, 
but the margins are comparatively thinner, which basically boost both on the cost and the income 
side. And that is why the cost to income is higher. It's not because of the employee growth. 
Ajmera: Okay. And any take on the card closure? 
Salila Pande: Card closure, you mean attrition? 
Ajmera: Yes. 
Salila Pande:  I think we are doing better than the industry. And I would also like to add that we have been 
working very extensively on customer engagement which has also benefited us in terms of 
ensuring that the customers are retained. And that is also witnessed by the improvement that we 
are seeing in our market share in terms of the transaction numbers as well. So nothing significant 
there. I would say that we are, if anything, at par or maybe better than the industry overall. 
Moderator: Our next question comes from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Piran Engineer: Congratulations on the strong improvement in asset quality. I have a couple of questions to ask, 
probably more industry related, but also applies to you. Now firstly, in terms of growth, how 
should we think about cards-in-force growth now slipping to mid-single digits from double digits 
over the last couple of years? It's true for you all and the industry. Is it simply put just 
underwriting tightening and as those filters are loosened, growth picks back up? Or is it just that 
applications itself are slowing down at the other end? 
Salila Pande: So, applications are definitely not slowing down. Your first point was correct. Overall, I think 
the issuers have seen in the last couple of years, some asset quality issues. So there's more 
OSBI Card 
[page 8]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
tightening, which has happened on the underwriting side. And that is also being seen to a very 
larger extent, a reason why very few new customers are being brought into the fold. 
It's normally the existing customers, credit-tested customers who are getting new cards issued 
by another new issuer. So yes, there is a little bit of a caution, which has resulted in 
comparatively muted growth in the industry. 
Piran Engineer: So then it's fair to say that out of this 9 lakh, 10 lakh customers we acquire every quarter, bulk 
of them are existing to credit card, like very few would be new to credit card as such? 
Salila Pande: Not in our case because, see, we also have a strong Banca channel where we have visibility over 
customers who may be new to credit or new to credit card. And we also have separate 
underwriting models for them on which we work, and we bring them on fold as well. 
Piran Engineer: Okay. So ma'am, what was the split be then, just a ballpark split between new to credit card and 
existing to credit card? 
Girish Budhiraja: Piran, we usually don't give that number, but open market numbers are primarily credit-tested 
customers. It is only in Banca where we have view to the customer statements and debits and 
credits that we look at NTC and NTCC. As of now, primarily, we are looking at NTCC there.  
you can fairly estimate that anywhere between 20% to 30% customers which we get from Banca 
as of now are NTC or NTCC. 
Piran Engineer: Understood. Understood. Okay. That's clear. My second question is just on revolvers. Now you 
all have been highlighting this for the past couple of quarters that revolver is on a downward 
bias. And I understand it's hard to predict what an exact number would be, let's say, 4 quarters 
later. 
But let's say, 22 becomes 19 or 20 hypothetically. What's the game plan here really? Do we start 
massively cutting our reward points, etcetera, for everyone? Do we hike the revolver fee further 
from 3.75 to 4. My question is how do we protect profitability in a hypothetical scenario where 
revolver, say, falls to 20 or below? 
Girish Budhiraja: So Piran, we have not indicated a specific number as to where it's going to go. There will be a 
downward bias. We are looking at our portfolio very carefully. Last 2 years acquisition, as we 
have been saying, we have been selective. So they are showing a lower revolving behavior. Our 
first attempt that we will do is to compensate it through the installment lending portfolios rather 
than cutting a rewards program or doing something else. 
You already have mentioned two ideas, but there are multiple such things that can be done. But 
whenever we do that, one has to keep an eye that a engaged spending customer should not get 
negatively impacted. So there are multiple ways and means to balance these, and we will look 
at that. But as I stated, , the instalments lending would be our first chosen preference. And we 
would like to invest heavily there to get the asset build up there. 
OSBI Card 
[page 9]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Piran Engineer: Got it. Got it. And just one last question for Rashmi. How do we think about cost of funds year 
on? It's actually quite good that cost of funds declined in an environment where G-Sec yield was 
rising. So getting into FY27, what's the outlook? 
Rashmi Mohanty: Piran, it will be a too early for me to give you any guidance on the cost of funds given that we 
are still not sure about RBI’s stance given the geopolitical tensions and the uncertainties in the 
environment. Obviously, needless to say, we will continue to manage our portfolio well, keep 
looking at opportunities to reduce costs in all possible manners. But I think it's too early for me 
to give you any kind of an indication for the full year. 
Piran Engineer: Okay, fair. That is okay. Yes, that is it from my end. Thanks and wish you all the best. 
Salila Pande: Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Zhixuan Gao from Schonfeld. Please go 
ahead. 
Zhixuan Gao: Yes. Thank you so much for the opportunity. So I just follow-up on the cost of fund question 
from Piran. How about next 1 to 2 quarters? Is there still kind of a downward repricing room left 
on our cost of funds? Can it still decline? 
Salila Pande : Sorry, can you repeat the question? It’s not very clear. 
Zhixuan Gao: Yes, on the cost of funds, just for next 1 to 2 quarters, do we still have room to reprice our 
borrowings so that the cost of funds can still decline? 
Rashmi Mohanty: As we've stated earlier a that our borrowings do reprice anywhere in a 60- to a 90-day bucket. 
So yes, there will be some repricing that will happen over the next quarter or so, yes. 
Zhixuan Gao: Okay. 
Rashmi Mohanty: IS your question that will the repricing help us in a declining cost of funds? Is that your question? 
Zhixuan Gao: Yes. Yes. 
Rashmi Mohanty: Okay. I don't know about that right now. That's what I said earlier in the -- an answer to the 
earlier question as well. It all depends upon where we see the rates given the macro environment. 
Zhixuan Gao: I see. And just a technical one. Just can you help me understand what's the denominator for your 
reported margin of 11.1%, i.e., is it a daily average basis or a period-end average basis? Because 
it's a bit confusing given the loan book -- at quarter-on-quarter and NII is down 5% and your 
margin is up 5 bps? 
Rashmi Mohanty: So the NIM and the cost of funds that you see in the table is on a 13-point average. Though 
separately, we do give out a daily average cost of funds, but the NIM that we publish is on a 13-
point average. 
OSBI Card 
[page 10]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Zhixuan Gao: Got it. And last one is on the other income. These two quarters, the other income run rate is 
INR200-odd crores, which used to be INR100-odd crores. I'm just wondering is there any one-
off component or sustainable from here? 
Rashmi Mohanty: Your voice is not clear, Zhixuan, - I didn't get the question.  
Zhixuan Gao: Yes. Other income is up 60% year-on-year, used to be INR100-odd crores. 
Rashmi Mohanty: Up 60% year-on-year. Yes, I got it. So this year in the other income, there have been some one-
offs as well, which we have disclosed in the exchange filing on account of certain provision 
release and another provision around the tax matter, where that number has been added to the 
other income for FY26. And therefore, when you look at year-on-year for the quarter, that 
number is higher 
Zhixuan Gao: Thank you so much. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gaurav from MLP. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav: Yes, hi. Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. Three questions from my side. Firstly, if 
I recollect, about 70% of your borrowings were linked to T-bills. Is that still the case? 
Rashmi Mohanty: That's right, yes. T-bills or repo rates about 70%, 75% of our borrowing is floating. 
Gaurav: Understood. Understood. So assuming that the rate stays here, there's no further movement from 
rate, what do you expect? Let's say, from next two quarter perspective, where do your cost of 
fund…? 
Rashmi Mohanty: Should stay stable in that case.  
Gaurav: Understood. Sure, sure. Second question, so just to stress this a bit on margins, while you 
maintain that NIM would remain stable, if I look at 1 percentage point of revolver mix, while 
we don't know what is the mix change that will happen in FY27, but assuming even if there is a 
1 percentage point drop, there is -- and that gets converted into EMI, there is still a 25, 27 basis 
points sort of hit on the interest income line or on margin -- overall margin. So how do we plan 
to offset this? If cost of funds remain stable, then what is the other offset that we are looking at 
when we say the margin would remain stable? 
Girish Budhiraja: You are right because revolvers are at a much higher rate and 1% decline in revolver has to be 
compensated, obviously, with a larger mix on the installment lending side. So maybe we'll not 
be able to take care of it fully, but try to compensate it in some other manner. There are ways 
and means, as was being discussed two questions back. we look at some other fee income sources 
or some other scenarios. 
But this kept aside, as of now, we see a downward trend in the revolvers. And as things start 
improving, as we have seen that our credit cost is on a downward trajectory, we will look at 
certain pilots or certain experiments with the segments which are marginal in nature to be able 
to see where we can build the asset. 
OSBI Card 
[page 11]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Gaurav: Understood. Got it. That's helpful. My second question is with respect to cost to income. Now 
that you've clarified that the other income has a couple of one-offs, which I could read from 
notes to accounts. The adjusted cost to income for this quarter is surprisingly at 60%.  
Typically, in fourth quarter, we see a lot of improvement versus 3Q because 3Q has a festive 
base. But in this quarter, we saw the cost to income move up to 60%. For the next year, while 
we're guiding 55% to 58%, how confident are we to be at the lower end of this guidance versus 
the higher end of this guidance? 
Rashmi Mohanty: Yes, you're right that this particular quarter had a one-off, which obviously added to the 
denominator. And therefore, if adjusted for that, the cost to income would go up. But as we look 
at FY27, there are various initiatives on to ensure that the expense lines are contained. 
As Girish and ma'am mentioned earlier, there are initiatives on to ensure that we actually book 
higher revenue line items, both on the interest income and the fee income. And given all of that, 
we do think that this number should stay between 55 to 58. 
Gaurav: Okay. Got it. And given that corporate spends would be in the base largely, why would it remain 
elevated? Because in this quarter -- or this year, we saw that corporate spends were high and 
hence, probably the cost to income went up. But next year, I would have assumed that since that 
is in the base, there would be some improvement in cost to income. 
Rashmi Mohanty: So the fact they're already in the base would mean that the variation in the cost to income 
between this year and next year will not be very high. But because they are part of our business 
and therefore, contributing both on the numerator and the denominator will keep the actual 
metric high. 
Gaurav: Got it. 
Rashmi Mohanty: You won't see a big jump the way you saw it between last year and this year. 
Girish Budhiraja: Actually, if you go 2 years back, you saw a cost to income higher than present number. So it 
saw a very big decline, when the corporate spend went off. 
Gaurav: Right. Okay. So this is just the normalization with cost -- with corporate spend at 25%. Is that 
the way to look at it? 
Rashmi Mohanty: Yes. 
Moderator: I'm sorry, but you may -- you can rejoin the queue for more questions. 
Gaurav: Sure, sure, sure. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Tara Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Yes, hi. So I had a couple of questions. Probably this was discussed earlier on the call also. So 
our receivables growth is now 2% year-on-year. And given the war situation and given that even 
OSBI Card 
[page 12]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
other banks in their commentary were not sounding very optimistic on credit cards growth or to 
put it in other words, they were more bullish on other segments than cards. 
So how do you view your near-term growth because of uncertainties and also because of lack of 
festive season, growth is likely to remain subdued in the near-term, right, 1 to 2 quarters, and 
then  we look forward to the festive pickup. Is that the correct assessment? 
Salila Pande: So Mahrukh, right now, we are not giving any guidance on asset growth. And if you recall in 
the last earnings call, we had said that the asset growth will follow card acquisition growth. So 
we are building on card acquisition, and we expect that the asset growth will follow the card 
acquisition growth. 
Apart from that, as far as the war situation is concerned, I would say we are keeping a very close 
eye. There's nothing additional in terms of putting the brakes or reducing the growth that we are 
working on. Having said that, we will continue to monitor the position and take corrective action, 
if need be. But as of now, we are not giving any guidance on the asset growth side. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Got it. And regarding the provisioning reversal, so we had INR47 crores of credit cost reversal, 
right? And we've seen that in the past few quarters as well. So you have write-offs which are 
possibly coming down and then you are seeing a reversal on provisions. Is that likely to 
continue? Because it's very difficult to forecast that number, right? It's either 0 or -- it's been 0 
or negative for quite some time? 
Salila Pande: So Mahrukh, we wrote back INR47 crores this quarter. But as we mentioned, INR220 crores of 
management overlay is being retained. To a very large extent, the overall ECL number is a 
function of stocks in Stage 2, Stage 3 and the provision rates. 
And as we have shown in our financial results also, Stage 2, Stage 3 stocks have gone down 
substantially on account of which we have taken a small write-back of INR47 crores, but we are 
still holding buffers to be ready and resilient for any, I would say, stress which may emerge in 
the environment because of the geopolitical risks. Ultimately, it's the model which informs how 
we are retaining the ECL provision. 
Mahrukh Adajania: Okay. Thanks a lot. Thank you. 
Salila Pande: Thank you.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rohan M from Equirus Securities. 
Rohan M.: Good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. Based on this INR220 crores of additional 
provisions that we are carrying, the INR100 crores increase that happened during the quarter, is 
it on account of the ECL refresh? Or have you made any incremental provisions there? 
Krishna Kant Bishnoi: See, whatever provisions we are making, it is not because of the asset quality at all. You can see 
our Stage 2, Stage 3 is going down. We are selective in our underwriting. So there is no 
additional provision for that asset quality. However, because the ECL model is still under refresh 
and as ma’am has already mentioned in the last question, the geopolitical environment is also 
OSBI Card 
[page 13]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
uncertain. So whatever provision ECL model is giving, we have kept INR100 crores additional 
this quarter for the future.  
Rohan M.: Sir, what I was trying to understand was this additional INR100 crores increase that has 
happened in this quarter on the management overlay, that has been run through the P&L? 
Krishna Kant Bishnoi:         Yes, definitely. 
Rohan M.: Or is it a release of the provision from the ECL refresh? 
Krishna Kant Bishnoi No, no, no, no. Every provision is from the P&L. 
Rohan M.: Okay. Okay. So the core -- if you had not increased the management overlay, then the reported 
provisions would have been lower by INR100 crores. Okay. Second is... 
Krishna Kant Bishnoi: Yes, correct, correct, correct. The profit will be higher by INR100 crores. 
Rashmi Mohanty: The profit would have been higher, therefore, yes. 
Rohan M.: Sure, got it. And sir, secondly, on the fresh slippages number, if you can quantify what was it 
for 4Q versus 3Q? 
Krishna Kant Bishnoi: See, we don't declare any slippages number, but you can see from the Stage 3, its stock has 
reduced by INR268 crores. So, that means slippages are also going in an improved trajectory, 
quarter-to-quarter. 
Rohan M.:  Sure, sir. And just on the one-offs that happened this quarter, how have they been accounted for 
in the P&L? Which line item are they impacting? And if you can just help me -- PIDF, what was 
that...? 
Rashmi Mohanty: which one-off are you talking about? 
Rohan M.: The PIDF and GST. 
Rashmi Mohanty: Okay. So the PIDF actually was reduced from the expenses because it was a provision that we 
were carrying along with the expenses. And since the expense didn't happen or the payment 
didn't happen, it has been reduced from the expenses. The GST has been -- is a part of the other 
income line. 
Rohan M.: Okay. Got it. ... 
Moderator: Sorry to interrupt you, sir, but please, you may rejoin the queue for follow-up question. Thank 
you. Our next question comes from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: Hi Girish. Hi, Rashmi. So a couple of questions. The first one is on the open market, both in 
terms of CIF as well as new sourcing, we are much above 50% now. So this would also reflect 
OSBI Card 
[page 14]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
on our opex. And while we talk about Banca, the open market is weighing on our CIF as well as 
new sourcing. So if you can speak about that? 
Second is that out of the EMI pool, what is the percentage of PL on CC. That is my second 
question. And third is that we have barely grown in terms of our bottom line by around 13%. 
And yet we are giving out a dividend. Was that necessary we could have possibly not given a 
dividend and retain it and deployed it back into the business? 
Girish Budhiraja: I'll give you the answer for the first and second part before I give it to MD ma'am for the third. 
So on the banca and open market, the strategy has been consistent that we would try and do 50-
50 from both the channels. And if possible, 55% from banca and 45% from open market, that's 
the range that we will look at.  
In the last 1 year, we have been broadly in the same range. However, our tie-ups with some of 
the digital partners like PhonePe, Flipkart, Tata Neu, IndiGo, some of these partners numbers 
are working in a very good direction and they give a flip up to the overall open market numbers.  
So that's why you see some amount of shift in the favour of open market. But on a consistent 
long-term basis, our strategy is to remain 50% to 55% banca and 45% to 50% open market. That 
is the first one. Secondly, on the instalment lending portfolio, we have never given the breakup 
of PL on CC. However, there are three kind of instalment lending are there in the book.  
One is as you said, PL on CC. The second is what we call instalment at the point of sale itself 
and people convert at the point of sale while purchasing electronics or others. And the third part 
is before the payment due date, a whole lot of people convert their outstandings into instalments. 
So that is -- these three constitute the overall book on the instalment. 
Salila Pande: Shubhranshu, on giving dividends, I think shareholders and investors are very critical and 
important stakeholders for the company and they need to be rewarded for their capital, belief 
and the trust that they have put in the company. If Our any asset quality issues have abated, we 
don't have any capital adequacy issues. We are underleveraged actually, if you look at that. So I 
would say that INR2.50 per share is a pretty decent dividend or a return, which is due to the 
stakeholders. And accordingly, that has been the view taken by the Board to provide it to the 
stakeholders. Thank you. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: Sure. Thanks. The new UI of the eStore is really great on the app. That's just a comment. It's not 
a question. 
Rashmi Mohanty: The new UI on the app, he is commenting on that it is good. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: The eStore that's revamped. It's really great. 
Girish Budhiraja: The eStore has been revamped, yes. You should check our website also. Now that is -- fewer 
people are coming there, but we have revamped that also completely. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Rushabh Doshi from Nimriti Investment 
Advisor. Please go ahead. 
OSBI Card 
[page 15]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Rushabh Doshi: Hi. I just wanted to understand how rent as a spending category is looking and how much impact 
does it have on your total spend? 
Girish Budhiraja: So rent as a category used to be very large till 2 years back. We started levying a fees on it. For 
us, rental spends is a very low spending category as of now. So there is no impact on us of any 
kind. In fact, when guidelines had come in that the third-party websites or apps should do the 
KYC for the landlord and without that they should not allow the rental payment. By that time, 
our rental payments were already low. So all the growth that you see is actually despite rental 
de-growing to a large degree. 
Rushabh Doshi: Thanks. That’s all from my side. 
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question come from the line of Anuj Singla from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Singla: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for the opportunity. So first question is on the receivable growth. 
Obviously, we have seen a deceleration there to 2%. But if I recall, we have been flagging that 
we will see an increase in the new card acquisition and receivable growth will follow. So should 
we see that FY27, the new card acquisition and the receivable growth acceleration only in FY28? 
Is that the scenario we should be looking at? 
Salila Pande: So Anuj, right now, as I mentioned earlier also, I would not give any guidance on the asset 
growth. We continue to stick with what we had said earlier that we are working on the card 
acquisition. The guidance is around 9 lakh to 1 million in a quarter. And as you mentioned, that 
will lead to asset growth in the coming days. Right now, I'm not giving any guidance on the 
numbers. 
Anuj Singla: Fair enough. And secondly, on the asset mix, while revolver has been trending down for the past 
many quarters, one offset was supposed to be EMI. And I think Girish has talked about in the 
past that there have been various initiatives to incentivize conversion to EMI. But when I look 
at this quarter, even EMI has been pretty weak. So can you talk about the trends there? And 
should we -- is that one of the offset we should be looking for towards offsetting the lower 
revolver in FY27 or '28? 
Girish Budhiraja: So Anuj, you're right. What happens is during the festival season, a whole lot of instalment 
lending at the point of sale happens. So in the month of September or October, a large quantity 
of spends, which happened during the festival period gets converted into instalment. And most 
of these instalments because the average tenure is around 7.5 months, 8 months.  
So either people pick up 6 months, 9-month or 12-month tenures. So what happens is by the end 
of February, March the first slot of 6-month tenure cases come up for full completion. So that is 
why you see a decline on the instalment asset, but this is typically a trend over years, and it gets 
built up. Yes, it is a continuous treadmill and we have to continue to get new asset build up here, 
but that is the nature of the business. As I stated earlier, some amount of revolving, we would 
be able to offset with instalment lending, not fully. We'll have to see at other mechanisms to be 
able to balance and look at income sources. 
OSBI Card 
[page 16]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Anuj Singla: So Girish, follow-up on that. When I look at the Y-o-Y trends, which will take care of the 
seasonality, which you spoke about, there also it's declined from 35% to 32%, right? So I'm 
assuming that if we include the festive seasonality in both the years, still we should have seen a 
stable or improving performance, even that's not the case. So just trying to understand if there is 
something beyond the initial? 
Girish Budhiraja: When we looked at the data, this was one part. Second part was that we were doing Apple offer 
last year. This year, for the last quarter, it was not there. So there was some amount of impact of 
some of those things. But these are, I would say, transient and can be taken care of within the 
next 3 to 6 months. 
Anuj Singla: Okay. Got it. Thank you. Thanks again.  
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pranuj Shah from 3P Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Pranuj Shah: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just a couple of them, bookkeeping ones. Your recoveries 
have shown pretty good traction now nearing almost INR190 crores. So could you give a sense 
of how large or perhaps written-off book is where you expect still sizable, maybe 10% to 15% 
recoveries to happen? 
Salila Pande: So we don't disclose the written-off portfolio that we have. But yes, we have intensified efforts 
on the recovery in terms of the written-off pool and that is reaping benefits for us. 
Pranuj Shah: But do you expect this number to keep inching up from this INR190 crores level? 
Salila Pande: So it will be somewhere in the similar range because now we are seeing a downward trajectory 
in terms of the write-offs as well. That the effort will continue to recover the most. 
Pranuj Shah: All right. Understood. And generally, in your presentation, you used to disclose the salaried and 
self-employed breakup if you could Provide for this quarter? 
Salila Pande: What was that? 
Girish Budhiraja: Salaried. 
Pranuj Shah: In new sourcing? 
Salila Pande: Do you have that breakup? 
Krishna Kant Bishnoi: During the quarter, 70% was salaried. 
Pranuj Shah: 70% was salaried? 
Krishna Kant Bishnoi: Yes. 
Pranuj Shah: So actually like if I look at the last two quarters, I think maybe last quarter, 72% this quarter was 
70%. Like you used to -- this is on the salaried side. I think self-employed used to be in that 40% 
OSBI Card 
[page 17]
 SBI Cards and Payment Services Limited 
  April 27, 2026 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
to 50% range. So do you intend to increase sourcing in the self-employed segment or it's a 
conscious choice to slow down that? 
Krishna Kant Bishnoi: As from the beginning of the call, we are mentioning that we were quite selective in our selection 
of the customer due to our asset quality or other portfolio management. So we are mindful while 
selecting the customer and onboarding for the card. So in the last quarter, it was shown that good 
customers are from the salaried one. That's why we onboarded them. So it is not as that we are 
declining self-employed customer, but whatever good customers are coming, we are onboarding 
them. 
Pranuj Shah: All right. Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Atul Kumar from Salvation Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Atul Kumar: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. The question was on the side of credit cost. So I mean, what kind 
of moderation can be expected, I mean, given that credit costs have been higher for some time? 
And related to that, in terms of ROAs at one point of time, we used to have like a 5% from there 
a moderation to 3%, 3.5%. So on that side, I'd like to know? 
Salila Pande: So Atul, although we are not giving any guidance in terms of the credit cost numbers right now, 
but we will continue to see moderation in terms of the credit cost which is very evident  -- if you 
look at the stocks also, we are seeing continuous reduction in our Stage 3 and Stage 2 stocks. So 
accordingly, the credit cost will continue to trend downwards. On the ROA, again, we have said 
in the prior earnings calls as well that we are aiming towards 4% to 4.5% of ROA in the medium 
term. And that is achievable and we are working towards it. 
Atul Kumar: Okay. Thank you. 
Salila Pande: Thank you. 
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Salila Pande for closing comments. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Salila Pande: Thank you, Danish. I would like to sincerely thank our shareholders, customers, partners and 
employees for instilling their trust, support and confidence in the company. Thank you once 
again and wishing all a successful financial year 2026. 
Moderator: Thank you, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of SBI Cards and Payment Services 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
OSBI Card 