[page 1]
                          AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED
                          (Formerly Known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited)
                        Corporate Identification Number: U74999DL2019PLC359158

 Our Company was incorporated as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 vide certificate
 of incorporation dated December 23,2019, in Delhi. Subsequently, our Company was converted into a Public Limited Company pursuant
 to Shareholders Resolution passed at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting of the Company held on June 26, 2024 and the name of our
 Company was changed from “Avience Biomedicals Private Limited” to “Avience Biomedicals Limited” vide a fresh Certificate of
 Incorporation dated September 03,2024 having CIN U74999DL2019PLC359158 issued by the Registrar of Companies, Central Processing
 Centre, Delhi. The registered office of our company is situated at C-11, Block-C, Community Centre, Janakpuri A-3, New Delhi-110058,
 India.

                   Registered Office: C-11, Block-C, Community Centre, Janakpuri A-3, New Delhi-110058, India
                    Telephone: 1800-12-04-636 | Email ID: info@avienbio.com | Website: www.avienbio.com
                        Contact Person: Mr. Manoj Kumar, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
           Promoters of our Company: Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary, Mr. Janardan Pal and
                                              Ms. Deepa Choudhary

                                     THE ISSUE
   Initial Public Issue of 14,53,800 equity shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each of Avience Biomedicals Limited (“ABL” or the
  “Company” or the “Issuer”) for cash at a price of ₹ [●]/- per equity share including a share premium of ₹ [●]/- per equity share
   (the “issue price”) aggregating to ₹ [●] lakhs (“the issue”), out of the issue, 82,200 equity shares aggregating to ₹ [●] lakhs will
  be reserved for subscription by Market Maker to the issue (the “Market Maker Reservation Portion”). The Issue less the market
  maker reservation portion i.e. Net issue of 13,71,600 equity shares of face value of ₹ 10/- each at a price of ₹ [●]/- per equity
  share including a share premium of ₹ [●]/- per equity share aggregating to ₹ [●] lakhs is herein after referred to as the “Net
   issue”. The issue and the Net issue will constitute 26.50% and 25.01%, respectively, of the post issue paid up equity share capital
   of our Company..


GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT FOR INVESTING IN PUBLIC OFFER

This General Information Document highlights the key rules, processes and procedures applicable to public Offer in accordance
with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 (“SCRA”), the Securities Contracts
(Regulation) Rules, 1957 (“SCRR”), the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2018, as amended (“SEBI ICDR Regulations”). Bidders/ Applicants should not construe the contents of this General
Information Document as legal advice and should consult their own legal counsel and other advisors in relation to the legal
matters concerning the Offer. For taking an investment decision, the Bidders/ Applicants should rely on their own examination of
the Company and the Issue and should carefully read the Prospectus before investing in the Issue.

Disclaimer: The General Information Document is provided by SEBI under SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2020/37
dated March 17, 2020, afterwards SEBI through its circular SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P2023/140 dated August 09, 2023 proposed
the reduced timelines for listing of shares in Public Issue from existing T+6 days to T+3 days

SEBI through  its  circular  no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138 dated November  1, 2018 read with  its  circular  no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 03, 2019 and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28,
2019, has introduced an alternate payment mechanism using Unified Payments Interface (“UPI”) and consequent reduction in
timelines for listing in a phased manner. From January 1, 2019, the UPI Mechanism for RIIs applying through Designated
Intermediaries was made effective along with the existing process and existing timeline of T+6 days. (“UPI Phase I”). The UPI
Phase I was effective till June 30, 2019.

With effect from July 1, 2019, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019, read with circular
bearing number SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019 with respect to Bids by RIIs through Designated
Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), issued by SEBI, the existing process of physical movement of forms from such Designated
Intermediaries to SCSBs  for blocking of funds has been discontinued and only the UPI Mechanism for such Bids with existing
timeline of T+6 days will continue for a period of three months or launch of five main board public issues, whichever is later (“UPI
Phase II”). Subsequently however, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133 dated November 08, 2019,
extended the timeline for implementation of UPI Phase II till March 31, 2020. However, given the prevailing uncertainty due to the
COVID-19 pandemic, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50 dated March 30, 2020, has decided to continue
with the UPI Phase II till further notice. The final reduced timeline of T+3 days for the UPI Mechanism for Bids by RIIs (“UPI
Phase III”) and modalities of the implementation of UPI Phase III maybe notified and made effective subsequently, as may be
prescribed by SEBI. The Issue will be undertaken pursuant to the processes and procedures under UPI Phase II, subject to any

                                                 1
[page 2]
circulars,  clarification  or  notification  issued  by  the SEBI  from  time  to  time.  Further,  SEBI  vide  its  circular  no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M dated March 16, 2021, and circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/2021/570 dated June
02, 2021, has introduced certain additional measures for streamlining the process of initial public offers and redressing investor
grievances. The provisions of these circulars are deemed to form part of the Red Herring Prospectus. Additionally, SEBI vide its
circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021, has reduced the time period for refund of Bid monies from
15 days to four days. Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all
individual bidders in initial public offerings (opening on or after May 1, 2022) whose Bid sizes are up to ₹ 5 lakhs shall use the UPI
Mechanism.

Furthermore, SEBI vide press release bearing number 12/2023 has approved the proposal for reducing the time period for listing of
shares in public issue from existing 6 working days to 3 working days from the date of the closure of the issue. The revised timeline
of T+3 days shall be made applicable in two phases i.e. voluntary for all public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023, and
mandatory on or after December 1, 2023. Further, SEBI has vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August
9, 2023 reduced the time taken for listing of specified securities after the closure of a public issue to three Working Days. Accordingly,
the Issue will be made under UPI Phase III on a mandatory basis, subject to any circulars, clarification or notification issued by the
SEBI from time to time.

REDUCTION OF TIMELINE FOR LISTING OF SHARES IN PUBLIC ISSUE FROM EXISTING T+6 DAYS TO T+3 DAYS

The SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 09, 2023, has introduced reduction of timeline
for listing of shares in public issue from existing t+6 days to t+3 days. This circular shall be applicable on a voluntary basis for
public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023, and Mandatory for public issues opening on or after December 1, 2023.
Consequent to extensive consultation with the market participants and considering the public comments received pursuant to
consultation paper on the aforesaid subject matter, it has been decided to reduce the time taken for listing of specified securities
after the closure of public issue to 3 working days (T+3 days) as against the requirement of 6 working days (T+6 days); ‘T’ being
issue closing date.

The T+3 timeline for listing shall be appropriately disclosed in the issue Documents of public issues. Notwithstanding anything
contained in Schedule VI of the ICDR Regulations, the provisions of this circular shall be applicable:
- On a voluntary basis for public issues opening on or after September 1, 2023, and
- Mandatory for public issues opening on or after December 1, 2023
.
The timelines prescribed for public issues as mentioned in SEBI circulars dated November 1, 2018, June 28, 2019, November 8,
2019, March 30, 2020, March 16, 2021, June 2, 2021, and April 20, 2022, shall stand modified to the extent stated in this Circular.
SEBI  circular  no.  SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M  dated  March  16,  2021,  read  with  SEBI  circular  no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021effective to public issues opening on or after from May 01, 2021.
However, said circular has been modified pursuant to SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021
in which certain applicable procedure w.r.t., SMS Alerts, Web portal to CUG etc. shall be applicable to Public Issue opening on or
after January 1, 2022 and October 1, 2021 respectively and the provisions of this circular , as amended, are deemed to form part of
this Red Herring Prospectus. Additionally, SEBI vide its circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021
has reduced the time period for refund of application monies from 15 days to four days. Furthermore, pursuant to SEBI circular no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all UPI Bidders in initial public offerings (opening on or after May 01,
2022) whose application sizes are up to Rs. 5,00,000/- shall use the UPI Mechanism.

Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2022/75 dated May 30, 2022, Bids made using the ASBA facility in initial
public offerings (opening on or after September 1, 2022) shall be processed only after Bid monies are blocked in the bank accounts
of investors (all categories).



Merchant Banker shall be the nodal entity for any issues arising out of public issuance process.

In terms of regulation 23(5) and regulation 271 of SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, the
timelines and processes mentioned in SEBI Circular. No. SEBI/HO/CFD/TPD1/CIR/P/2023/140 dated August 9, 2023, shall continue
to form part of the agreements being signed between the intermediaries involved in the public issuance process and Book Running
lead manager shall continue to coordinate with intermediaries involved in the said process.

Important Note:

This General Information Document relates to the Public Issue of Equity Shares of face value ₹10/- each fully paid of
AVIENCE BIOMEDICALS LIMITED (“Issuer” or the “Company”) for an aggregate amount of ₹ [●] Lakhs (“the Issue”)
in Terms of Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 (As amended from time to time), under the Book Building
Mode and are proposed to be listed on the EMERGE Platform of NSE Limited i.e., NSE EMERGE. Accordingly, the
Investors are advised to refer to the particulars of this GID in context of Book Building Issue being made under Chapter IX
of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, as amended.



                                                 2
[page 3]
                             TABLE OF CONTENTS





SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT .......................................... 4

SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs........................................................................................ 5

SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN ISSUE…………….9

SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE ISSUE  …………………………………………………………….10

SECTION 5: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT ISSUE ................................................................... 31

SECTION 6: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE ISSUE .................................................................... 35

SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT ............................................ 36

SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS… .............................................................................................. 39

SECTION 9: GLOSSARY AND ABBREVIATIONS ................................................................................... 42





                                                 3
[page 4]
                SECTION 1: PURPOSE OF THE GENERAL INFORMATION DOCUMENT (GID)

This document is applicable to the public Issue undertaken through the Book-Building Process as well as to the Fixed Price Issue. The purpose
of the “General Information Document for Investing in Public Issue” is to provide general guidance to potential Bidders/ Applicants in
IPOs and FPOs, and on the processes and procedures governing IPOs and FPOs, undertaken in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI
(ICDR) Regulations, 2018.

Bidders/Applicant should note that investment in equity and equity related securities involves risk and Bidder should not invest any funds in
the Issue unless they can afford to take the risk of losing their investment. The specific terms relating to securities and/or for subscribing to
securities in an Issue and the relevant information about the Issuer undertaking the Issue; are set out in the Red Herring Prospectus filed by the
Issuer with the Registrar of Companies, (“ROC”). Bidders should carefully read the entire Prospectus, the Bid cum Application forms and the
Abridged Prospectus of the Issuer in which they are proposing to invest through the Issue. In case of any difference in interpretation or conflict
and/or overlap between the disclosure included in this document and the Red Herring Prospectus, the disclosures in the Red Herring Prospectus
shall prevail. The Red Herring Prospectus of the Issuer is available on the website of stock exchanges i.e. Emerge Platform of NSE Limited
(“NSE EMERGE”) at www.nseindia.com, Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue (“BRLM”)at www.fintellectualadvisors.com, website
of the company (“ISSUER”) at www.avienbio.com and on the websiteof Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) at www.sebi.gov.in.

For the definitions of capitalized terms and abbreviations used herein Bidders/ Applicants may refer to the section “Definitions and
Abbreviations” on page 2 of the Red Herring Prospectus.





                                                   4
[page 5]
                         SECTION 2: BRIEF INTRODUCTION TO IPOs/ FPOs

2.1.    Initial public offer (IPO)

     An IPO means an Issue of specified securities by an unlisted Issuer to the public for subscription and may include an Offer for Sale
       of specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in an unlisted Issuer.

      The present Issue being made under Regulation 229 (1) of Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.

      For more details on the eligibility requirements by the Issuer, please refer to chapter titled “Other Regulatory and Statutory
       Disclosures” on page 324 of the Red Herring Prospectus.

2.2.   Further public offer (FPO)

     An FPO means an Issue of specified securities by a listed Issuer to the public for subscription and may include Offer for Sale of
        specified securities to the public by any existing holder of such securities in a listed Issuer.

2.3.   Other Eligibility Requirements:

     An Issuer proposing to undertake an IPO or FPO is required to comply with various other requirements as specified in the SEBI ICDR
       Regulations, the SEBI LODR Regulations, the Companies Act, 2013 (to the extent notified and in effect), the SCRR, industry-specific
        regulations, if any, and other applicable laws for the time being in force.

       Following are the eligibility requirements for making an SME IPO under Regulation 229 (1) of Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulation:

        a)   In accordance with Regulation 260 of SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, Issue has to be 100% underwritten and the LM has to underwrite
              at least 15% of the total issue size.

        b)   In accordance with regulation 268(1) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, total number of proposed allottees in the Issue shall be greater
            than or equal to two hundred, otherwise the entire Bid money will be unblocked forthwith. If such money is not repaid within
           Four days from the date the company becomes liable to repay it, then the Company and every officer in default shall, on and from
            expiry of four days, be liable to repay such Bid money, with interest as prescribed under Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013.

        c)   In accordance with Regulation 246 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, Company is required to file a copy of the Offer Document
            with the board through the Book Running lead manager, immediately upon registration of the offer document with the Registrar
            of Companies. The board shall not issue any observations on the Offer Document. The Book Running Lead Manager shall submit
             the copy of Red Herring Prospectus along with a Due Diligence Certificate which shall include Site visit Report and additional
            confirmations as required to SEBI at the time of filing the Red Herring Prospectus with Stock Exchange and the Registrar of
           Companies.

        d)   In accordance with Regulation 261 of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulation, the LM has to ensure compulsory market making for a
         minimum period of three years from the date of listing of Equity Shares offered in the Issue.

        e)   In accordance with Regulation 228 (a) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, Neither the issuer, nor any of its promoters, promoter
           group or directors are debarred from accessing the capital market by the Board.

          f)   In accordance with Regulation 228 (b) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, None of the promoters or directors of the issuer is a
           promoter or director of any other company which is debarred from accessing the capital market by the Board.

        g)   In accordance with Regulation 228 (c) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, Neither the issuer nor any of its promoters or directors
                is a willful defaulter or a fraudulent borrower.

        h)   In accordance with Regulation 228 (d) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, None of the Issuer‘s promoters or directors is a fugitive
           economic offender.

          i)   In accordance with Regulation 228 (e) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, there are no outstanding convertible securities or any
            other right which would entitle any person with any option to receive equity shares of the issuer.

          j)   In accordance with Regulation 230 (1) (a) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, Application is being made to NSE Limited and NSE
           Limited is the Designated Stock Exchange.

        k)   In accordance with Regulation 230 (1) (b) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, the Company has entered into agreement with
             depositories for dematerialization of specified securities already issued and proposed to be issued.

          l)   In accordance with Regulation 230 (1) (c) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, all the present Equity share Capital fully Paid Up.


                                                  5
[page 6]
      m)  In accordance with Regulation 230 (1) (d) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, all the specified securities held by the promoters are
            already in dematerialized form.

        n)  The post issue paid up capital of the company shall not be more than Rs. 25 crores.

        o)  Track record of at least three years of either;

                     i.  the Bidder seeking listing; or
                   ii.  the promoters/promoting company, incorporated in or outside India or
                  iii.  Proprietary /Partnership firm and subsequently converted into a company (not in existence as a company for three years) and
               approaches the Exchange for listing. Promoters mean one or more persons with minimum 3 years of experience in the same
                  line of business and shall be holding at least 20% of the post issue equity share capital individually or severally.

        p)  The Company should have operating profit (earnings before interest, depreciation and tax) of INR 1 crore from operations for any
          2 out of 3 previous financial years & the net-worth of the Company should be positive.

        q)  The Issuer has Positive Free Cash flow to Equity (FCFE) for at least 2 out of 3 financial years preceding the in-principle
             application.

          r)   Offer for sale (OFS) by selling shareholders in SME IPO shall not exceed 20% of the total issue size and selling shareholders
            cannot sell more than 50% of their holding.

         s)  The Issuer should not have been referred to Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction.

          t)  No petition for winding up is admitted by a court or a liquidator has not been appointed of competent jurisdiction against the
          Company.

        u)  No material regulatory or disciplinary action should have been taken by any stock exchange or regulatory authority in the past
             three years against the Issuer.

        v)  Our Company has not been referred to the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code,
           2016.

      w)  The directors of the issuer are not associated with the securities market in any manner, and there is no outstanding action against
          them initiated by the Board in the past five years.

        x)  None of the merchant bankers involved in the IPO have instances of any of their draft offer document filed with the Exchange
            being returned in the past 6 months from the date of application.

       y)   The object of the issue does not consist for the repayment of the loan taken from promoter, promoter group or any related party,
           from the issue proceeds, directly or indirectly

        z)   There has been no change in the promoter/s of the Company in preceding one year from the date of filing application to NSE
            India for listing on Emerge Platform of NSE India

        Issuer shall also comply with all the other requirements as laid down for such an Issue under Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations
      and subsequent circulars and guidelines issued by SEBI and the Stock Exchange.

      As per Regulation 227 unless otherwise provided in this Chapter, an issuer making an initial public offer of specified securities shall
        satisfy the conditions of Chapter IX as on the date of filing of the draft offer document with the NSE Emerge and also as on the date
       of registering the offer document with the Registrar of Companies.

       Thus, the Company is eligible for the Issue in accordance with Regulation 229 (1) and other provision of Chapter IX of SEBI (ICDR)
       Regulations as the post issue face value capital of the Company is less than Rs. 10 Crores. Company also complies with the eligibility
       conditions laid by the Emerge Platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited for listing of our Equity Shares.

       For details in relation to the above Bidders/Applicants may refer to Red Herring Prospectus.

2.4.   Types of Public Issue– Fixed Price Issue and Book Built Issue

       In accordance with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, an Issuer can either determine the Issue Price through the Book
       Building Process (“Book Built Issue”) or undertake a Fixed Price Issue (“Fixed Price Issue”).

      The cap on the Price Band should be less than or equal to 120% of the Floor Price. The Issuer shall announce the Price or the Floor
       Price or the Price Band through advertisement in all newspapers in which the pre- Issue advertisement was given at least two Working
      Days before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, in case of an IPO and at least one Working Day before the Bid/ Issue Opening Date, in case
       of an FPO and determine the Issue Price at a later date before registering the Prospectus with the Registrar of Companies.

                                                  6
[page 7]
      The Floor Price or the Issue price cannot be lesser than the face value of the securities.

       Bidders/Applicants should refer to the RHP/Prospectus or Offer advertisements to check whether the Offer is a Book Built Offer or a
       Fixed Price Offer.


2.5.  OFFER PERIOD

      The Offer shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days (for all categories of Bidders/Applicants) and not more than ten
      Working Days. Bidders/Applicants are advised to refer to the Bid cum Application Form and Abridged Prospectus or RHP/Prospectus
        for details of the Bid/ Offer Period. Details of Bid/ Offer Period are also available on the website of the Stock Exchange(s).

       In case of a Book Built Offer, the Issuer may close the Bid/ Offer Period for QIBs one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Offer Closing
       Date if disclosures to that effect are made in the RHP. In case of revision in the Price Band in Book Built Offer the Bid/ Offer Period
     may be extended by at least three Working Days, subject to the total Bid/ Offer Period not exceeding ten Working Days. For details of
      any revision of the Price Band, Bidders/ Applicants may check the announcements made by the Issuer on the websites of the Stock
      Exchanges and the BRLM(s), and the advertisement in the newspaper(s) issued in this regard.

       In case of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, the Issuer may, for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the
       bidding (Offer) period for a minimum period of one working day, subject to the total Bid/ Offer Period not exceeding 10 Working
       Days.

2.6.  FLOWCHART OF TIMELINES

    A flow chart of process flow in Fixed Price and Book Built Offers is as follows. Bidders/ Applicants may note that this is not applicable
        for Fast Track FPOs :





                                                  7
[page 8]
                                      Flow chart of timeline for Phase III


           Sequence of Activities                               Listing within T+3 days (T is Issue Closing Date)
                                                      Electronic Applications (Online ASBA through 3-in-1 accounts) “For Individual
                                                      Investor and Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion –
                                            Upto 4 pm on T day.
                                                      Electronic Applications (Bank ASBA through Online channels  like  Internet
                                                 Banking, Mobile Banking and Syndicate UPI ASBA etc.) – Upto 4 pm on T day.
                                                      Electronic   Applications  (Syndicate  Non-Individual,   Non-Institutional
Application Submission by Investors
                                                     Applications) – Upto 3 pm on T day.


                                                    Physical Applications (Bank ASBA) – Upto 1 pm on T day.
                                                    Physical Applications (Syndicate Non-Individual, Non-Institutional Applications
                                                     of QIBs and NIIs) – Upto 12 pm on T day and Syndicate members shall transfer
                                                such applications to banks before 1 pm on T day
Bid Modification                            From Issue opening date up to 4 pm on T day
Validation of bid details with depositories          From Issue opening date up to 5 pm on T day
Reconciliation of UPI mandate transactions (Based   On daily basis
on the guidelines issued by NPCI from time to
time):
Among Stock Exchanges –Sponsor Banks – NPCI
and NPCI – PSPs/TPAPs** – Issuer Banks;
Reporting  formats  of  bid  information,  UPI
analysis report and compliance timelines.            Merchant Bankers to submit to SEBI, as and when sought.


UPI Mandate acceptance time                 T day – 5 pm
Issue Closure T day                       T day - 4 pm for Individual Investor, QIB, NII and other reserved categories.


Third party check on UPI applications           On daily basis and to be completed before 9:30 AM on T+1 day.
Third party check on Non- UPI applications       On daily basis and to be completed before 1 pm on T+1 day.
Submission of final certificates:
-For UPI from Sponsor Bank                       Before 09:30 pm on T+1 day.
-For Bank ASBA, from all SCSBs                   All SCSBs for Direct ASBA – Before 07:30 pm on T day Syndicate
-For syndicate ASBA UPI ASBA             ASBA - Before 07:30 pm on T day
Finalization of rejections and completion of basis      Before 6 pm on T+1 day.
Approval of basis by Stock Exchange               Before 9 pm on T+1 day.
Issuance of fund transfer instructions in separate files
for debit and unblock.
For Bank ASBA and Online ASBA – To all       Initiation not later than 09:30 am on T+2 day; Completion
SCSBs                                             before 2 pm on T+2 day for fund transfer; Completion
For UPI ASBA – To Sponsor Bank                  before 4 pm on T+2 day for unblocking.
Corporate action execution for credit of shares         Initiation before 2 pm on T+2 day
                                               Completion before 6 pm on T+2 day
Filing   of   listing    application    with   Stock   Before 7:30 pm on T+2 day
Exchanges and issuance of trading notice
Publish allotment advertisement               On website of Issuer, Merchant Banker and RTI - before 9 pm on T+2 day.
                                                     In newspapers – On T+3 day but not later than T+4 day
Trading starts T+3 day                             Trading starts T+3 day





                                                 8
[page 9]
              SECTION 3: CATEGORY OF INVESTORS ELIGIBLE TO PARTICIPATE IN AN ISSUE

Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether  it  is  eligible to apply under applicable law. Furthermore, certain categories of
Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to Bid/Apply in the Issue or to hold Equity Shares, in excess of certain
limits or in specific sectors as specified under applicable law. Bidders/Applicants are requested to refer to the RHP/Prospectus for more
details.

Subject to the above, an illustrative list of Bidders/Applicants is as follows:

•    Indian nationals’ resident in India who are not incompetent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, as amended, in single or
     as a joint application and minors having valid Demat account as per Demographic Details provided by the Depositories. Furthermore,
    based on the information provided by the Depositories, our Company shall have the right to accept the Applications belonging to an
    account for the benefit of minor (under guardianship);
•   Hindu Undivided Families or HUFs, in the individual name of the Karta. The Bidder should specify that the application is being made in
     the name of the HUF in the Bid Cum Application Form as follows: ―Name of Sole or First Bidder: XYZ Hindu Undivided Family
    applying through XYZ, where XYZ is the name of the Karta. Applications by HUFs would be considered at par with those from
     individuals;
•   Companies, corporate bodies and societies registered under the applicable laws in India and authorized to invest in the Equity Shares
    under their respective constitutional and charter documents;
•   Mutual Funds registered with SEBI;
•    Eligible NRIs on a repatriation basis or on a non-repatriation basis, subject to applicable laws. NRIs other than Eligible NRIs are not
     eligible to participate in this Issue;
•    Indian Financial Institutions, scheduled commercial banks, regional rural banks, co-operative banks (subject to RBI permission, and the
    SEBI Regulations and other laws, as applicable);
•   FPIs other than Category III FPI; VCFs and FVCIs registered with SEBI;
•   Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs) registered in India and authorized to invest in equity shares;
•   Sub-accounts of FIIs registered with SEBI, which are foreign corporate or foreign individuals only under the Non-Institutional Bidder
     ‘s category;
•   Venture Capital Funds and Alternative Investment Fund (I) registered with SEBI; State Industrial Development Corporations;
•   Foreign Venture Capital Investors registered with the SEBI;
•    Trusts/societies registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, as amended, or under any other law relating to Trusts and who
     are authorized under their constitution to hold and invest in equity shares;
•    Scientific and/or Industrial Research Organizations authorized to invest in equity shares;
•    Insurance Companies registered with Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority, India;
•    Provident Funds with minimum corpus of Rs. 25 Crores and who are authorized under their constitution to hold and invest in equity
     shares;
•   Pension Funds and Pension Funds with minimum corpus of Rs. 25 Crores and who are authorized under their constitution to hold
    and invest in equity shares;
•    National Investment Fund set up by Resolution no. F. No. 2/3/2005-DDII dated November 23, 2005 of Government of India
    published in the Gazette of India;
•    Multilateral and bilateral development financial institution;
•    Eligible QFIs;
•    Insurance funds set up and managed by army, navy or air force of the Union of India;
•    Insurance funds set up and managed by the Department of Posts, India;
•   Any other person eligible to apply in this Issue, under the laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and policies applicable to them.

Applications not to be made by:

1.  Minors (except through their Guardians)
2.   Partnership firms or their nominations
3.   Foreign Nationals (except NRIs)
4.  Overseas Corporate Bodies

As per the existing regulations, OCBs are not eligible to participate in this Issue. The RBI has however clarified in its circular, A.P.
(DIR Series) Circular No. 44, dated December 8, 2003 that OCBs which are incorporated and are not under the adverse notice of
the RBI are permitted to undertake fresh investments as 138 incorporated non-resident entities in terms of Regulation 5(1) of RBI
Notification No.20/2000-RB dated May 3, 2000 under FDI Scheme with the prior approval of Government if the investment is
through Government Route and with the prior approval of RBI if the investment is through Automatic Route on case by case basis.
OCBs may invest in this Issue provided it obtains a prior approval from the RBI. On submission of such approval along with the
Bid Cum Application Form, the OCB shall be eligible to be considered for share allocation.





                                                 9
[page 10]
                               SECTION 4: APPLYING IN THE ISSUE

    Book Built Issue: Bidders should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing stamp of a Designated Intermediary as
      available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges.

     Bid cum Application Forms are available with the Designated Intermediaries at the Bidding Centers and at the registered office of the
      Issuer. Electronic Bid cum Application Forms will be available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at least one day prior to the
     Bid/ Issue Opening Date. For further details regarding availability of Bid cum Application Forms, Bidders may refer to the
     RHP/Prospectus and advertisements in the newspaper(s). For Anchor Investors, Bid cum Application Forms shall be available at
     the offices of the BRLMs.

     Fixed Price Issue: Bidders should only use the specified Bid cum Application Form bearing the stamp of the Designated Intermediary
     as available or downloaded from the websites of the Stock Exchanges. Application Forms will also be available with the Designated
     Branches of the SCSBs and at the registered office of the Issuer. For further details regarding availability of Application Forms,
     Applicants may refer to the Prospectus.

     Bidders/Applicants should ensure that they apply in the appropriate category. The prescribed color of the Bid cum Application Form
      for various categories of Bidders/Applicants is as follows:

      Category                                                            Color of the Bid Cum Application Form
      Resident Indian, Eligible NRIs applying on a non-repatriation basis                             White
     NRIs applying on a repatriation basis, FPIs                                                     Blue
      Anchor Investors (where applicable)                                                       White

      Securities issued in an IPO can only be in dematerialized form in accordance with Section 29 of the Companies Act, 2013.
     Bidders/Applicants will not have the option of getting the Allotment of specified securities in physical form.

4.1. INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILLING THE BID CUM APPLICATION FORM

     Bidders/Applicants may note that Bid cum Application Form not filled completely or correctly as per instructions provided in this GID,
     the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form are liable to be rejected.

      Instructions to fill each field of the Bid cum Application Form can be found on the reverse side of the Bidcum Application Form.

    The samples of the Bid cum Application Form for resident Bidders and the Bid cum Application Form for non-resident Bidders are
     reproduced below:





                                                   10
[page 11]
BID CUM APPLICATION FORM – FOR – RESIDENTS





                         11
[page 12]
12
[page 13]
    4.1.1. FIELD NUMBER 1: NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF THE SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT

  (a)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the name provided in this field is exactly the same as the name in which the Depository
        Account is held.

  (b)    Mandatory Fields: Bidders/Applicants should note that the name and address fields are compulsory and e-mail and/or
         telephone number/mobile number fields are optional. Bidders/Applicants should note that the contact details mentioned in the
        Bid-cum Application Form/Application Form may be used to dispatch communications (including letters notifying the
         unblocking of the bank accounts of Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) in case the communication sent to the address
          available with the Depositories are returned undelivered or are not available. The contact details provided in the Bid cum
         Application Form may be used by the Issuer, Designated Intermediaries and the Registrar to the Offer only  for
         correspondence(s) related to an Offer and for no other purposes.

  (c)     Joint Bids/Applications: In the case of Joint Bids/Applications, the Bids /Applications should be made in the name of the
         Bidder/Applicant whose name appears first in the Depository account. The name so entered should be the same as it appears
          in the Depository records. The signature of only such first Bidder/Applicant would be required in the Bid cum Application
         Form/Application Form and such first Bidder/Applicant would be deemed to have signed on behalf of the joint holders. All
         communications may be addressed to such first Bidder/Applicant and may be dispatched to his or her address as per the
        Demographic Details received from the Depositories.

  (d)     Impersonation: Attention of the Bidders/Applicants is specifically drawn to the provisions of sub-section (1) of Section 38
          of the Companies Act, 2013 which is reproduced below:

       “Any person who:

              (a)  makes or abets making of an application in a fictitious name to a company for acquiring, or subscribing for, its
                  securities; or

              (b)  makes or abets making of multiple applications to a company in different names or in different combinations of his
            name or surname for acquiring or subscribing for its securities; or

              (c)   Otherwise induces directly or indirectly a company to allot, or register any transfer of, securities to him, or to
              any other person in a fictitious name, shall be liable for action under Section 447.”

        The liability prescribed under Section 447 of the Companies Act, 2013 includes imprisonment for a term which shall not be
           less than six months extending up to 10 years (provided that where the fraud involves public interest, such term shall not be
           less than three years) and fine of an amount not less than the amount involved in the fraud, extending up to three times of
         such amount.

  (e)     Nomination Facility to Bidder/Applicant: Nomination facility is available in accordance with the provisions of Section 72
          of the Companies Act, 2013. For Allotment of the Equity Shares in dematerialized form, there will be no separate nomination
          as the nomination registered with the Depository may prevail. For changing nominations, the Bidders/Applicants should
         inform their respective DP.

 4.1.2.  FIELD NUMBER 2: PAN OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT

  (a)    PAN (of the sole/ first Bidder/Applicant) provided in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form should be exactly the
        same as the PAN of the person(s) in whose name the relevant beneficiary account is held as per the Depositories’ records.

  (b)   PAN is the sole identification number for participants transacting in the securities market irrespective of the amount of
          transaction except for Bids/Applications on behalf of the Central or State Government, Bids/Applications by officials
         appointed  by  the  courts  and  Bids/Applications  by  Bidders/Applicants  residing  in  Sikkim  (“PAN  Exempted
          Bidders/Applicants”). Consequently, all Bidders/Applicants, other than the PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants, are required
          to disclose their PAN in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form, irrespective of the Bid/Application Amount. A Bid
       cum Application Form/Application Form without PAN, except in case of PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants, is liable to be
           rejected. Bids/Applications by the Bidders/Applicants whose PAN is not available as per the Demographic Details available
          in their Depository records, are liable to be rejected.

(c)      The exemption for the PAN Exempted Bidders/Applicants is subject to (a) the Demographic Details received from the
          respective Depositories confirming the exemption granted to the beneficial owner by a suitable description in the PAN field
        and the beneficiary account remaining in “active status”; and (b) in the case of residents of Sikkim, the address as per the
        Demographic Details evidencing the same.

(d)     Bid cum Application Forms/Application Forms which provide the General Index Register Number instead of PAN may be
          rejected.

                                                 13
[page 14]
   (e)       Bids/Applications by Bidders whose demat accounts have been ‘suspended for credit’ are liable to be rejected pursuant
            to the circular issued by SEBI on July 29, 2010, bearing number CIR/MRD/DP/22/2010. Such accounts are classified as
            “Inactive demat accounts” and Demographic Details are not provided by depositories.

4.1.3.  FIELD NUMBER 3: BIDDERS/APPLICANTS DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS

(a)      Bidders/Applicants should ensure  that DP ID and the Client ID are  correctly  filled  in the Bid cum Application
        Form/Application Form. The DP ID and Client ID provided in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form should match
        with the DP ID and Client ID available in the Depository database, otherwise, the Bid cum Application Form/Application
       Form is liable to be rejected.


(b)     Bidders/Applicants should ensure that the beneficiary account provided in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form
           is active.

(c)      Bidders/Applicants should note that on the basis of the PAN, DP ID and Client ID as provided in the Bid cum Application
        Form/Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant may be deemed to have authorized the Depositories to provide to the Registrar
         to the Issue, any requested Demographic Details of the Bidder/Applicant as available on the records of the depositories. These
       Demographic Details may be used, among other things, for any correspondence(s) related to the Issue.

(d)     Bidders/Applicants are, advised to update any changes to their Demographic Details as available in the records of the
        Depository Participant to ensure accuracy of records. Any delay resulting from failure to update the Demographic Details
       would be at the Bidders/Applicants’ sole risk.

4.1.4.  FIELD NUMBER 4: BID OPTIONS

(a)      Price or Floor Price or Price Band, minimum Bid Lot and Discount (if applicable) may be disclosed in the Prospectus/RHP
       by the Issuer. The Issuer is required to announce the Floor Price or Price Band, minimum Bid Lot and Discount (if applicable)
       by way of an advertisement in at least one English, one Hindi and one regional newspaper, with wide circulation at the place
       where the Issuer’s registered office is situated, at least two Working Days before Bid/ Issue Opening Date in case of an IPO,
       and at least one Working Day before Bid/ Issue Opening Date in case of an FPO.

(b)     The Bidders may Bid at or above Floor Price or within the Price Band for IPOs /FPOs undertaken through the Book Building
         Process. In the case of Alternate Book Building Process for an FPO, the Bidders may Bid at Floor Price or any price above
         the Floor Price (For further details Bidders may refer to (Section 5.6 (e))

(c)    Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers may decide
         the minimum number of Equity Shares for each Bid as prescribed under SEBI Regulations/Circulars. The minimum Bid Lot
           is accordingly determined by an Issuer on the basis of such minimum application value.

(d)     Allotment: The Allotment of specified securities to each Individual Investor shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot,
         subject to availability of shares in the Individual investor Category, and the remaining available shares, if any, shall be
         Allotted on a proportionate basis. For details of the minimum Bid Lot, Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus or the
        advertisement regarding the Price Band published by the Issuer.





                                                   14
[page 15]
4.1.4.1. Maximum and Minimum Bid Size

(a)     The Bidder may Bid for the desired number of Equity Shares at a specific price. Bids by Individual Investors and Individual
        Shareholders must be for two lots with minimum application size of above Rs 2 lakhs.

         In case the Bid size is for more than 2 lots due to revision of the Bid or any other reason, the Bid may be considered
         for allocation under the Non-Institutional Category..

(b)     For NRIs, a Bid size of up to 2 lots may be considered under the Individual Investor Category for the purposes of allocation
       and a Bid Amount for more than 2 lots may be considered under the Non-Institutional Investor Category for the purposes of
          allocation.

(c)     Bids by QIBs and NIIs must be for such minimum number of shares such that the Bid size is for more than 2 lots and in
         multiples of such number of Equity Shares thereafter, as may be disclosed in the Bid cum Application Form and the
        RHP/Prospectus, or as advertised by the Issuer, as the case may be. Non-Institutional Investors and QIBs are not allowed to
       Bid at ‘Cut-off Price’.

(d)    Any category of Investor cannot withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at
       any stage after bidding and all categories of investors are required to pay the Bid Amount upon submission of the Bid.

(e)     For Anchor Investors, if applicable, the Bid Amount shall be least ₹ 2 crores. One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion
          shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received from domestic Mutual Funds at or
        above the price at which allocation is being done to other Anchor Investors. Bids by various schemes of a Mutual Fund
          shall be aggregated to determine the Bid Amount. A Bid cannot be submitted for more than 60% of the QIB Category
        under the Anchor Investor Portion. Anchor Investors cannot withdraw their Bids or lower the size of their Bids (in terms
         of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the Anchor Investor Bid/ Issue Period and are
         required to pay the Bid Amount at the time of submission of the Bid. In case the Anchor Investor Allocation Price is
        lower than the Issue Price, the balance amount shall be payable as per the pay-in-date mentioned in the revised CAN.
         In case the Issue Price is lower than the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, the amount in excess of the Issue Price paid
       by the Anchor Investors shall not be refunded to them.

(f)   A Bid by QIB bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size.

(g)    The maximum Bid by any Bidder including QIB Bidder should not exceed the investment limits prescribed for them
        under the applicable laws. It is clarified that, multiple Bids by a FPI Bidder utilizing the multi investment manager
         structure shall be aggregated for determining the permissible maximum Bid.

(h)    A Bid by NII bidder cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size excluding QIB portion. One-third of the portion
         available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots
         equivalent to not more than ₹10,00,000/-. Two-third of the portion available to NIBs shall be reserved for applicants with
        an application size of more than ₹ 10,00,000/-

(i)     The price and quantity options submitted by the Bidder in the Bid cum Application Form may be treated as optional
         bids from the Bidder and may not be cumulated. After determination of the Issue Price, the number of Equity Shares Bid
         for by a Bidder at or above the Issue Price may be considered for Allotment and the rest of the Bid(s), irrespective of the
        Bid Amount may automatically become invalid. This is not applicable in case of FPOs undertaken through Alternate
       Book Building Process (For details of Bidders may refer to (Section 5.6 (e)).

   4.1.4.2.  Multiple Bids

    (a)     Bidder should submit only one Bid cum Application Form. Bidder shall have the option to make a maximum of Bids at
           three different price levels in the Bid cum Application Form and such options are not considered as multiple Bids.

         Submission of a second Bid cum Application Form to either the same or to another Designated Intermediary and
           duplicate copies of Bid cum Application Forms bearing the same application number shall be treated as multiple Bids
         and are liable to be rejected.

   (b)     Bidders are requested to note the following procedures may be followed by the Registrar to the Issue to detect multiple
           Bids:

    i.      All Bids may be checked for common PAN as per the records of the Depository. For Bidders other than Mutual Funds
         and FPIs which utilise the multi investment manager structure of the same beneficial owner as provided under
          Regulation 20 (4)(d)(xiii) of the SEBI Foreign Portfolio Regulations, 2019, Bids bearing the same PAN may be
           treated as multiple Bids by a Bidder and may be rejected.


                                                   15
[page 16]
 ii.     For Bids from Mutual Funds and FPIs that utilise the multi investment manager structure, submitted under the same
      PAN, as well as Bids on behalf of the PAN Exempted Bidders/ Applicants, the Bid cum Application Forms may be
       checked for common DP ID and Client ID. Such Bids which have the same DP ID and Client ID may be treated as
        multiple Bids and are liable to be rejected.

 (c)    The following Bids may not be treated as multiple Bids:

 i.      Bids by Eligible Employees and Individual Shareholders in their respective Reservation Portion as well as Bids made
       by them in the Net Issue portion in the public category.

 ii.      Separate Bids by Mutual Funds in respect of more than one scheme of the Mutual Fund provided that the Bids clearly
         indicate the scheme for which the Bid has been made.

 iii.     Bids by Mutual Funds submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs and DP
         IDs.

 iv.     Bids by following FPIs, submitted with the same PAN but with different beneficiary account numbers, Client IDs
       and DP IDs:

            FPIs which utilise the multi investment manager structure
           Offshore Derivative Instruments (ODI) which have obtained separate FPI registration for ODI and
             proprietary derivative investments.

           Sub funds or separate class of investors with segregated portfolio who obtainseparate FPI registration.

          FPI registrations granted at investment strategy level/sub fund level where a Collective Investment Scheme or fund has
              multiple investment strategies/sub- funds with identifiable differences and managed by a single investment manager.

           Multiple branches in different jurisdictions of foreign bank registered as FPIs.

          Government and Government related investors registered as Category 1 FPIs.

           Entities registered as Collective Investment Scheme having multiple shareclasses.

           The bids belonging to the aforesaid seven structures and having same PAN may be collated and identified as a single
             bid in the bidding process. The shares allotted in the bid may be proportionately distributed to the applicant FPIs (with
           same PAN).

v.      Bids by Anchor Investors under the Anchor Investor Portion and the QIB Category.

4.1.5.  FIELD NUMBER 5: CATEGORY OF BIDDERS

(a)     The categories of Bidders identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of Bidding, allocation and allotment
         in the Issue are Individual Investors, NIIs and QIBs.

(b)    Up to 60% of the QIB Category can be allocated by the Issuer, on a discretionary basis subject to the criteria of minimum
       and maximum number of Anchor Investors based on allocation size, to the Anchor Investors, in accordance with SEBI ICDR
        Regulations, with one-third of the Anchor Investor Portion reserved for domestic Mutual Funds subject to valid Bids being
        received at or above the Issue Price. For details regarding allocation to Anchor Investors, Bidders may refer to the
        RHP/Prospectus.

(c)    An Issuer can make reservation for certain categories of Bidders/Applicants as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
        For details of any reservations made in the Issue, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

(d)    The SEBI ICDR Regulations, specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of Bidders in an
         Issue depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions. Details pertaining to allocation are disclosed on reverse side
        of the Revision Form. For Issue specific details in relation to allocation Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.

4.1.6.  FIELD NUMBER 6: BIDDER STATUS

(a)     Each Bidder/Applicant should check whether it is eligible to apply under applicable law and ensure that any prospective
        Allotment to it in the Issue is in compliance with the investment restrictions under applicable law.

(b)      Certain categories of Bidders/Applicants, such as NRIs, FPIs and FVCIs may not be allowed to Bid/Apply in the Issue or
        hold Equity Shares exceeding certain limits specified under applicable law. Bidders/Applicants are requested to refer to the
        RHP/Prospectus for more details.
                                                 16
[page 17]
 (c)      Bidders/Applicants should check whether they are eligible to apply on non-repatriation basis or repatriation basis and should
         accordingly provide the investor status. Details regarding investor status are different in the Resident Bid cum Application
       Form and Non-Resident Bid cum Application Form.

 (d)     Bidders/Applicants should ensure that their investor status is updated in the Depository records.

 4.1.7.  FIELD NUMBER 7: PAYMENT DETAILS

 (a)     Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field. In case the Bidder doesn’t
         provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For application submitted
        by Individual Investors to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Individual Investors providing both, the ASBA
       Bank account details as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application. NRIs applying
          in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their account is UPI linked,
          prior to making such application through Channel III.

 (b)    The full Bid Amount (net of any Discount, as applicable) shall be blocked based on the authorization provided in the Bid cum
         Application Form. If the Discount is applicable in the Issue, the Individual Investors and Individual Shareholders and
        Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion (if any) should indicate the full Bid Amount in the Bid cum
         Application Form and the payment shall be blocked for the Bid Amount net of Discount. Only in cases where the
        RHP/Prospectus indicates that part payment may be made, such an option can be exercised by the Bidder. In case of Bidders
         specifying more than one Bid Option in the Bid cum Application Form, the total Bid Amount may be calculated for the
         highest of three options at net price, i.e. Bid price less Discount offered, if any.


(c)      All QIB and NII Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) can participate in the Issue only through the ASBA mechanism

(d)      Individual Investors submitting their applications through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) can participate in
        the Issue only through the UPI mechanism, using their UPI ID linked with their bank account. Individual Investors applying
         in the Issue through the UPI mechanism shall ensure that the name ofthe bank, with which the Individual Investor maintains
         his account, appears in the list of SCSBs displayed on the SEBI website, which are live on UPI. Individual Investor shall
        also ensure that the name of the mobileapplication and the UPI handle being used for making the application in the Issue are
        also appearing in the “list of mobile applications for using UPI in public issues” displayed on the SEBI website. NRIs
        applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their account is UPI
         linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.

(e)     Bid Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheque, demand draft, through money order or through postal order.


 (f)     Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all individual bidders in initial
        public offerings (opening on or after May 1, 2022) whose application sizes are up to ₹ 5 lakhs shall use the UPI Mechanism.


 (g)     In case of ASBA Bidders (other than 3-in-1 Bids) for a Bid above ₹ 500,000, ensure that the Bid is uploaded only by the
      SCSBs.

 4.1.7.1. Instructions for Anchor Investors:


(a)     Anchor Investors shall submit their Bids only with any of the BRLMs to the Issue.

(b)     Payments should be made either by direct credit, RTGS, NACH or NEFT.

(c)     The Anchor Escrow Bank(s) shall maintain the monies in the Anchor Escrow Account for and onbehalf of the Anchor
        Investors until the Designated Date.

 4.1.7.2. Payment instructions for Bidders (other than Anchor Investors)

(a)     Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries should note that with the introduction of UPI as a
       payment mechanism, there are three channels of making applications in public Issues available to them in UPI Phase III (i.e.,
       from December 01, 2023, until further  notice). The three channels for making applications in public Issues available to
        Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries are as follows:





                                                 17
[page 18]
                   Channel I                            Channel II                    Channel III
 Individual  Investors  may  submit  the  Bid cum   Individual Investors may submit  Individual Investors may submit
 Application Form with ASBA as the sole mechanism   the Bid cum Application Form   the Bid Cum Form with any of the
  for making payment either physically (at the branch of   online using the facility of linked  Designated Intermediaries (other
  the SCSB) or online. For such applications the existing   online trading, demat and bank  than SCSBs) and Use his/her UPI
 process of uploading the bid and blocking of funds in  account  (3-in-1 type accounts)  ID for the purpose of blocking of
  the Individual Investors account by the SCSB would   provided by some of the brokers.   funds.
  continue.


Individual Investors bidding in the Issue through UPI shall make such applications only through the SCSBs/mobile applications
whose name appears on the SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in at the following path:

Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » Self Certified Syndicate Banks eligible as
Issuer Banks for UPI

Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » list of mobile applications for using UPI
in public issues

Individual Investors whose bank is not live on UPI may use the other alternate channels available to them, i.e., submission of
application form with SCSB (Channel I) or using the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (Channel II).

NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their account is UPI
linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.

For UPI Phase III, Individual Investors  will also have the option to use the same channels (as described above) for making
applications in a public Issue.

Please see below a graphical illustrative process of the investor receiving and approving the UPI Mandate Request.





                                                18
[page 19]
          ILLUSTRATIVE SMS                BLOCK REQUEST SMS TO INVESTOR





BLOCK REQUEST INTIMATION THROUGH UPI         BLOCK REQUEST SMS TO INVESTOR
            APPLICATION





                                             19
[page 20]
SAMPLE OF IPO DETAILS IN ATTACHMENT         POST VERIFICATION OF DETAILS ABOVE





       PRE-CONFIRMATION PAGE                     ENTERING OF UPI PIN





                                            20
[page 21]
         CONFIRMATION PAGE               APPROVED MANDATES VISIBLE IN UPI
                                                    APPLICATION





BLOCK CONFIRMATION SMS TO INVESTOR         BLOCK CONFIRMATION APPLICATION
                                                      INTIMATION





                                            21
[page 22]
(b)    QIB and NII Bidders may submit the Bid cum Application Form either

                  i. to SCSBs in physical or electronic mode through the internet banking facility offered by an SCSB authorizing blocking
            of funds that are available in the ASBA account specified in the Bid cum Application Form, or

                 ii. in physical mode to any Designated Intermediary.

(c)     Bidders must specify the Bank Account number or the UPI ID (for Individual Investors bidding using the UPI mechanism),
        as applicable, in the Bid cum Application Form. The Bid cum Application Form submitted by a Bidder and which is
       accompanied by cash, demand draft, cheque, money order, postal order or any mode of payment other than blocked
       amounts in the ASBA Account, may not be accepted.

 (d)     Bidders should note that application made using third party UPI ID or ASBA Account is liable to be rejected.

 (e)     NRIs applying in the Issue through the UPI mechanism are advised to enquire with the relevant Bank, whether their account is
       UPI linked, prior to making such application through Channel III.

 (f)      Bidders shall note that for the purpose of blocking funds under ASBA facility clearly demarcated funds shall be available
          in the ASBA Account.

 (g)     Bidders (other than Individual Investors bidding through the non-UPI mechanism) should submit the Bid cum Application
       Form only at the Bidding Centers, i.e. to the respective member of the Syndicate at the Specified Locations, the SCSBs,
         the Registered Broker at the Broker Centres, the CRTA at the Designated RTA Locations or CDP at the Designated CDP
         Locations. Individual Investors bidding through the non-UPI mechanism should either submit the physical Bid cum
         Application Form with the SCSBs or Designated Branches of SCSBs under Channel I or submit the Bid cum Application
       Form online using the facility of 3-in1 type accounts under Channel II.

 (h)     Bidders (other than Individual Investors bidding through the non-UPI mechanism) bidding through Designated
        Intermediaries other than a SCSB, should note that ASBA Forms submitted to such Designated Intermediary may not be
         accepted, if the SCSB where the ASBA Account, as specified in the Bid cum Application Form, is maintained has not
       named at least one branch at that location for such Designated Intermediary, to deposit ASBA Forms.

 (i)     Bidders bidding directly through the SCSBs should ensure that the Bid cum Application Form is submitted to a
        Designated Branch of a SCSB where the ASBA Account is maintained.

 (j)     Upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form, the Designated Branch of the SCSB may verify if sufficient funds equal to
         the Bid Amount are available in the ASBA Account, as mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form.

 (k)       If sufficient funds are available in the ASBA Account, the SCSB may block an amount equivalent to the Bid Amount
        mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form and for application directly submitted to SCSB by investor, may enter each
        Bid option into the electronic bidding system as a separate Bid.

 (l)        If sufficient funds are not available in the ASBA Account, the Designated Branch of the SCSB may not upload such Bids
        on the Stock Exchange platform and such bids are liable to be rejected.

 (m)    Upon submission of a completed Bid cum Application Form each Bidder (not being a Individual Investor who has opted
          for the UPI mechanism and provided a UPI ID with the Bid cum Application Form) may be deemed to have agreed to
         block the entire Bid Amount and authorized the Designated Branch of the SCSB to block the Bid Amount specified in the
        Bid cum Application Form in the ASBA Account maintained with the SCSBs. For details regarding blocking of Bid
       Amount for Individual Investors who have provided a UPI ID with the Application Form please refer to paragraph 4.1.7.4.

 (n)    The Bid Amount may remain blocked in the aforesaid ASBA Account until finalization of the Basis of Allotment and
        consequent transfer of the Bid Amount against the Allotted Equity Shares to the Public Issue Account, or until withdrawal
         or failure of the Issue, or until withdrawal or rejection of the Bid, as the case may be.

 (o)    SCSBs bidding in the offer must apply through an Account maintained with any other SCSB; else their Bids are liable to
        be rejected.

  4.1.7.3. Unblocking of ASBA Account

 (a)     Once the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Registrar to the Issue may provide the
         following details to the controlling branches of each SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, along with instructions to
        unblock the relevant ASBA Accounts and for successful applications transfer the requisite money to the Public Offer
        Account designated for this purpose, within the specified timelines: (i) the number of Equity Shares to be Allotted against
        each Bid, (ii) the amount to be transferred from the relevant ASBA Account to the Public Issue Account, for each Bid,
             (iii) the date by which funds referred to in (ii) above may be transferred to the Public Issue Account, (iv) the amount to be
         unblocked, if any in case of partial allotments and (v) details of rejected ASBA Bids, if any, along with reasons for rejection and

                                                 22
[page 23]
            details of withdrawn or unsuccessful Bids, if any, to enable the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as the case may be, to unblock the
           respective ASBA Accounts.

(b)      On the basis of instructions from the Registrar to the Issue, the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as thecase may be, may transfer the
            requisite amount against each successful Bidder to the Public Issue Account and may unblock the excess amount, if any, in
           the ASBA Account.

(c)         In the event of withdrawal or rejection of the Bid cum Application Form and for unsuccessful Bids, the Registrar to the Issue
        may give instructions to the SCSB or to the Sponsor Bank to revoke the mandate and, as the case may be, to unblock the Bid
        Amount in the relevant account within two Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date.

  4.1.7.4.    Additional Payment Instructions for Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries (other than
          SCSBs) using the UPI mechanism

      (a)     Before submission of the application form with the Designated Intermediary, an Individual Investor shall download the
           mobile application, associated with the UPI ID linked bank account, for UPI and create a UPI ID (xyz@bankname) of not
          more than 45 characters with its bank and link it to his/ her bank account where the funds equivalent to the application
           amount is available. Individual Investors  shall also ensure that the name of the mobile application and the UPI handle
            being used for making theapplication in the Issue are appearing in the following path on SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in:

         Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognized Intermediaries » list of mobile applications for
            using UPI in public Issues

                 It is clarified that if an Individual Investor makes an application through a UPI handle not covered in the prescribed
                 list (as mentioned in the path above), such an application is liable to be rejected.

      (b)      Individual Investors  shall ensure that the bank, with which it has its bank account, where the funds equivalent to the
             application amount is available for blocking has been notified as Issuer Banks for UPI. A list of such banks is available at
             the following path on SEBI website – www.sebi.gov.in:

         Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognized Intermediaries » Self-Certified Syndicate Banks
              eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI

                 It is clarified that if a Individual Investor makes an application using a bank account of an SCSB or bank which is not
            covered in the prescribed list (as mentioned in the path above), such an application is liable to be rejected.

      (c)      Individual Investors shall mention his / her UPI ID along with the bid details in the Bid cum Application Form in capital
               letters and submit the Bid cum Application Form to any of the Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs). It is clarified
              that if an Individual Investor submits a third party UPI ID instead of his/her own UPI ID in the Bid cum Application Form,
             the application is liable to be rejected.

      (d)     The Designated Intermediary (other than SCSBs) upon receipt of the Bid cum Application Form will upload the bid details
            along with UPI ID in the stock exchange bidding platform.

      (e)     Once the bid has been entered into the Stock Exchange bidding platform, the stock exchange will validate the PAN and
          Demat Account details of the Individual Investor with the Depository. The Depository will validate the aforesaid details
           on a real time basis and send a response to the  stock exchange which will be shared by the stock exchange with the
             respective Designated Intermediary through its bidding platform, for corrections, if any.

      (f)     Once the bid details have been validated by the Depository, the stock exchange will, on a continuous basis, electronically
             share the bid details along with the UPI ID of the concerned Individual Investor with the Sponsor Bank appointed by the
               Issuer.

      (g)     The Sponsor Bank will validate the UPI ID of the Individual Investor before initiating the Mandate request.

      (h)     The Sponsor Bank after validating the UPI ID will initiate a UPI Mandate Request for valid UPI ID on the Individual Investor
           which will be electronically received by the Individual Investor as an SMS / intimation on his / her mobile number / mobile
           app associated with the UPI ID linked account. The Individual Investor shall ensure that the details of the Bid are correct
           by opening the attachment in the UPI Mandate Request and then proceed to authorize the UPI Mandate Request using
              his/her UPI PIN. Upon the authorization of the mandate using his/her UPI PIN, an Individual Investor may be deemed to
           have verified the attachment containing the application details of the Individual Investor in the UPI Mandate Request and
           have agreed to block the entire Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid Cum Application Form and subsequent debit in case of
             Allotment.
       (i)     Upon successful validation of the block request by the Individual Investor, the said information would be
             electronically received by the Individual Investor’s bank, where the funds, equivalent to the application amount
          would get blocked in the ASBA Account of the Individual Investor. Intimation regarding confirmation of such
           blocking of funds in the ASBA Account of the Individual Investor would also be received by the  Individual
                                                  23
[page 24]
             Investor. Information on the block status request would be shared with the Sponsor Bank which in turn would
            share it with the stock exchange which in turn would share it with the Registrar in the form of a file for the purpose
            of reconciliation and display it on the stock exchange bidding platform for the information of the Designated
            Intermediary.

       (j)      In accordance with BSE Circular No: 20220803-40 and NSE Circular No: 25/2022, each dated August 3, 2022,
             for all pending UPI Mandate Requests, the Sponsor Banks shall initiate requests for blocking of funds in the ASBA
           Accounts of relevant Bidders with a confirmation cut-off time of 5:00 pm on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date (“Cut-
           Off Time”). Accordingly, UPI Bidders should accept UPI Mandate Requests for blocking off funds prior to the
           Cut- off Time and all pending UPI Mandate Requests at the Cut-Off Time shall lapse.

     (k)    UPI Bidders may continue to withdraw their Bid on the Bid/ Issue Closing Date or modify the Bid during the Bid/
             Issue Period until the Cut-Off Time. For each modification of the Bid, the UPI Bidders will submit a revised Bid
          and will receive a UPI Mandate Request from the Sponsor Banks to be validated as per the process indicated above

       (l)     UPI Bidders to check the correctness of the details on the mandate received before approving the Mandate Request

    (m)     Post closure of the Issue, the stock exchange will share the Bid details with the Registrar along with the final file
            received from the Sponsor Bank containing status of blocked funds or otherwise, along with the ASBA Account
             details with respect to applications made by Individual Investors using UPI ID.

  4.1.7.5. Discount (if applicable)

  (a)    The Discount is stated in absolute rupee terms.

 (b)     Bidders applying under Employees under Employee Reservation Portion are only eligible for discount. For Discounts
         offered in the Issue, Bidders may refer to the RHP/Prospectus.
  (c)    The Bidders entitled to the applicable Discount in the Issue may block their ASBA Account for an amount i.e. the Bid
       Amount less Discount (if applicable).

        Bidder (other than employees) may note that in case the net amount blocked (post Discount) is more than two lakh
        Rupees, the Bidding system automatically considers such applications for allocation under Non- Institutional
         Category. These applications are neither eligible for Discount nor fall under Individual Investor Category.

   4.1.8. FIELD NUMBER 8: SIGNATURES AND OTHER AUTHORISATIONS

 (a)     Only  the  First  Bidder/Applicant  is  required  to  sign  the  Bid cum  Application  Form/Application  Form.
         Bidders/Applicants should ensure that signatures are in one of the languages specified in the Eighth Schedule to the
         Constitution of India.

 (b)    The signature has to be correctly affixed in the authorization/undertaking box in the Bid cum Application
        Form/Application Form, or an authorisation has to be provided to the SCSB or using the UPI to the Sponsor Bank,
         via the electronic mode, for blocking funds in the ASBA Account equivalent to the Bid Amount mentioned in the Bid
       cum Application Form/ Application Form.

 (c)     Bidders/ Applicants must note that Bid cum Application Form/Application Form  without signature of Bidder/
         Applicant and /or ASBA Account holder is liable to be rejected.

   4.1.9. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND FUTURE COMMUNICATION

 (a)     Bidders should ensure that they receive the Acknowledgment slip or the acknowledgement number duly signed and
        stamped by a Designated Intermediary, as applicable, for submission of the Bid cum Application Form.

 (b)     All communications in connection with Bids/Applications made in the Issue should be addressed as under:

  i.       In case of queries related to Allotment, non-receipt of Allotment Advice, credit of Allotted Equity Shares, unblocking
         of funds, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the Registrar to the Issue.

  ii.      In case of Bids submitted to the Designated Branches of the SCSBs, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the relevant
        Designated Branch of the SCSB.

  iii.      In case of queries relating to uploading of Syndicate ASBA Bids, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the relevant
         Syndicate Member.
iv.      In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids by a Designated Intermediary, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the relevant
                                                  24
[page 25]
         Designated Intermediary.

  v.       In case of queries relating to uploading of Bids through the UPI Mechanism, the Bidders/Applicants should contact the Designated
         Intermediary/BRLM.

  vi.      Bidder/Applicant may contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer or BRLM(s) in case of any other complaints in
           relation to the Issue.

  (c)     The following details (as applicable) should be quoted while making any queries –

  i.         full name of the sole or First Bidder/Applicant, Bid cum Application Form number, Applicants’/Bidders’ DP ID, Client ID, PAN,
        number of Equity Shares applied for, amount paid on application.

  ii.     name and address of the Designated Intermediary, where the Bid was submitted along with the acknowledgment slip from
         Designated Intermediary or

  iii.      Bids, ASBA Account number or the UPI ID (for Individual Investors who make the payment of Bid Amount through the UPI
         mechanism) linked to the ASBA Account where the Bid Amount was blocked.
         For further details, Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/Prospectus and the Bid cum Application Form.

4.2.    INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING THE REVISION FORM

  (a)      During the Bid/ Issue Period, any Bidder/Applicant who has registered his or her interest in the Equity Shares at a particular price
           level is free to revise his or her Bid (only upward revision allowed) within the Price Band using the Revision Form, which is a part
          of the Bid cum Application Form.

  (b)      Revisions can be made in both the desired number of Equity Shares and the Bid Amount by using the Revision Form.

  (c)     The Bidder/Applicant can make this revision any number of times during the Bid/ Issue Period. However, for any revision(s) in the
          Bid, the Bidders/Applicants will have to use the services of the same Designated Intermediary through which such Bidder/Applicant
         had placed the original Bid. It is clarified that Individual Investors whose original Bid is made using the UPI mechanism can make
           revision(s) to their Bid using the UPI mechanism only, whereby each time the Sponsor Bank will initiate a new UPI Mandate
          Request. Bidders/Applicants are advised to retain copies of the blank Revision Form and the Bid(s) must be made only in such
          Revision Form or copies thereof.





                                                            





                                                   25
[page 26]
26
[page 27]
27
[page 28]
 4.2.1. FIELDS 1, 2 AND 3: NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT, PAN OF
     SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT & DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS OF THE BIDDER/APPLICANT

 Bidders/Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.

 4.2.2. FIELD 4 & 5: BID OPTIONS REVISION ‘FROM’ AND ‘TO’

 (a)    Apart from mentioning the revised options in the Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must also mention the details of all the
       bid options given in his or her Bid cum Application Form or earlier Revision Form. For example, if a Bidder/Applicant has
      Bid for three options in the Bid cum Application Form and such Bidder/Applicant is changing only one of the options in the
       Revision Form, the Bidder/Applicant must still fill the details of the other two options that are not being revised, in the Revision
      Form. The Designated Intermediaries may not accept incomplete or inaccurate Revision Forms.

 (b)    In case of revision, Bid options should be provided by Bidders/Applicants in the same order as provided in the Bid cum
       Application Form.

 (c)    In case of revision of Bids by Individual Investors and Individual Shareholders the Bid size is more than 2 lots due to revision
       of the Bid or for any other reason, the Bid may be considered, subject to eligibility, for allocation under the Non- Institutional
       Category, not being eligible for Discount (if applicable) and such Bid may be rejected if it is at the Cut- off Price. The Cut-off
       Price option is not given to any category.

 (d)     If, however, the Individual Investor does not either revise the Bid or make additional payment and the O f f e r Price is higher
       than the cap of the Price Band prior to revision, the number of Equity Shares Bid for shall be adjusted downwards for the
       purpose of allocation, such that no additional payment would be required from the Individual Investor and the Individual
       Investor is deemed to have approved such revised Bid at Cut-off Price.

 4.2.3. FIELD 6: PAYMENT DETAILS

 (a)    All Bidders/Applicants are required to authorize blocking of the full Bid Amount (less Discount (ifapplicable) at the time of
       submitting the Bid Revision Form. In case of Bidders/Applicants specifying more than one Bid Option in the Bid cum
       Application Form, the total Bid Amount may be calculated for the highest of three options at net price, i.e. Bid price less
       discount offered, if any.

 (b)    Bidder/Applicant may issue instructions to block the revised amount based on cap of the revised Price Band (adjusted for the
       Discount (if applicable) in the ASBA Account, to the same Designated Intermediary through whom such Bidder/Applicant
      had placed the original Bid to enable the relevant SCSB to block the additional Bid Amount, if any.


 4.2.4. FIELD 7: SIGNATURES AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

 Bidders/Applicants may refer to instructions contained at paragraphs 4.1.8 and 4.1.9 for this purpose.

 4.3.  INSTRUCTIONS FOR FILING APPLICATION FORM IN ISSUES MADE OTHER THAN THROUGH THE
    BOOK BUILDING PROCESS (FIXED PRICE ISSUE)

 4.3.1. FIELDS 1, 2, 3 NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE/FIRST BIDDER/APPLICANT, PAN OF SOLE/FIRST
     BIDDER/APPLICANT & DEPOSITORY ACCOUNT DETAILS OF THE BIDDER/APPLICANT

 Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.1, 4.1.2 and 4.1.3.

 4.3.2. FIELD 4: PRICE, APPLICATION QUANTITY & AMOUNT

 (a)   The Issuer may mention Price or Price Band in the Red Herring Prospectus. However, a prospectus registered with RoC
       contains one price or coupon rate (as applicable).

 (b)   Minimum Application Value and Bid Lot: The Issuer in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue
     (BRLM) may decide the minimum number of Equity Shares for each Bid to ensure that the minimum application value is
       within the range as prescribed under SEBI circulars/regulations. The minimum Lot size is accordingly determined by an Issuer
      on basis of such minimum application value.

 (c)    Applications by Individual Investors and Individual Shareholders, must be for two lots with minimum application size of
      above Rs 2 lakhs.

 (d)    Applications by other investors must be for such minimum number of shares such that the application size is more than 2 lots
      and in multiples of such number of Equity Shares thereafter, as may be disclosed in the application form and the Prospectus,
       or as advertised by the Issuer, as the case may be.
(e)   An application cannot be submitted for more than the Issue size.
                                                   28
[page 29]
(f)    The maximum application by any Applicant should not exceed the investment limits prescribed for them under the applicable laws.

(g)    Multiple Applications: An Applicant should submit only one Application Form. Submission of a second Application Form to
        either the same or other SCSB and duplicate copies of Application Forms bearing the same application number shall be treated
        as multiple applications and are liableto be rejected.

(h)    For details regarding the procedures to be followed by the Registrar to detect multiple applications. Applicants should refer to
       paragraphs 4.1.4.2(b) and 4.1.4.2(c).

4.3.3.   FIELD NUMBER 5: CATEGORY OF APPLICANTS

     (a)   The categories of applicants identified as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations for the purpose of Bidding, allocation and Allotment
            in the Issue are Individual Investors and other investors (including corporate bodies or institutions, irrespective of the number
           of specified securities applied for).

     (b)   The SEBI ICDR Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of applicants in an
          Issue depending upon compliance with the eligibility conditions. Details pertaining to allocation are disclosed on reverse side
           of the Revision Form. For Issue specific details in relation to allocation applicant may refer to the Prospectus.

     4.3.4. FIELD NUMBER 6: INVESTOR STATUS

    Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.6.

     4.3.5. FIELD 7: PAYMENT DETAILS

     (a)    Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in this field. Incase the Bidder doesn’t
          provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For application submitted
           to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Bidder providing both the ASBA Bank account details as well as the UPI
          ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application.

     (b)    All Applicants (other than Anchor Investors) are required to make use of ASBA for applying in the Issue.

     (c)   UPI Bidders applying through Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs) may make use of the UPI mechanism for
          applying in the Issue. If UPI Bidders are applying in the Issue through non-UPI mechanism then it shall either submit physical
         Bid cum Application Form with the SCSBs or the Designated Branches of the SCSBs under Channel I or submit the Bid cum
          Application Form online using the facility of 3-in1 type accounts under Channel II.

     (d)    Application Amount cannot be paid in cash, cheques or demand drafts through money order or through postal order or through
           stock invest.

     (e)    Applications made using the ASBA facility in initial public offerings (opening on or after September 1, 2022) shall be
          processed only after application monies are blocked in the bank accounts of investors (all categories).


     4.3.5.1. Payment instructions for Applicants

    Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.7.2.

     4.3.5.2. Unblocking of ASBA Account

    Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.3.

     4.3.5.3.  Additional Payment Instructions for Individual Investors bidding through Designated Intermediaries using the UPI
        mechanism

    Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.4.

     4.3.5.4. Discount (if applicable)

    Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraph 4.1.7.5.

     4.3.6. FIELD NUMBER  8: SIGNATURES AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS & ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND
       FUTURE COMMUNICATION
    Applicants should refer to instructions contained in paragraphs 4.1.8 & 4.1.9.


                                                   29
[page 30]
4.4.  SUBMISSION OF BID CUM APPLICATION FORM/ REVISION FORM/APPLICATIONFORM

4.4.1. Bidders/Applicants may submit completed Bid-cum-application form/Revision Form  in the following manner: -

     Mode of Application                             Submission of Bid cum Application Form
  (a)    Anchor           Investors   To one of the Book Running Lead Managers at the Specified Locations mentioned in the Bid cum
        Application Form            Application Form

  (b)    Applications from QIB’s    To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered Brokers at the Broker
       and NIIs                    Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA Locations or the CDPs at the Designated CDP
                                     Locations; and
                             To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where the ASBA Account is maintained
  (c)    Applications         from    (a) To members of the Syndicate in the Specified Locations or Registered Brokers
         Individual Investors
  (d)    applying   through   UPI    at the Broker Centres or the CRTAs at the Designated RTA Locations or the CDPs at the
       mechanism                 Designated CDP Locations; and
  (e)    Applications        from   To the Designated Branches of the SCSBs where the ASBA Account is maintained
        Individua Investors         To the Brokers providing the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account (3-in- 1
        applying  through  non-    type accounts) online
       UPI mechanism


(a)    Bidders/Applicants should submit the Revision Form to the same Designated Intermediary through which such Bidder/Applicant had
       submitted the original Bid.

(b)   Upon submission of the Bid-cum-Application Form, the Bidder/Applicant will be deemed to have authorized the Issuer to make the
       necessary changes in the RHP and the Bid cum Application Form as would be required for filing Prospectus with the Registrar of
      Companies (RoC) and as would be required by the RoC after such filing, without prior or subsequent notice of such changes to the
       relevant Bidder/Applicant.

(c)   Upon determination of the Issue Price and filing of the Prospectus with the RoC, the Bid-cum-Application Form will be considered
       as the application form.





                                                  30
[page 31]
                        SECTION 5: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN BOOK BUILT ISSUE

  Book Building, in the context of the Issue, refers to the process of collection of Bids within the Price Band or above the Floor
   Price and determining the Issue Price based on the Bids received as detailed in Schedule XIII of SEBI ICDR Regulations 2018.
  The Issue Price is finalised after the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Valid Bids received at or above the Issue Price are considered
   for allocation in the Issue, subject to applicable regulations and other terms and conditions.

5.1.    SUBMISSION OF BIDS

  (a)     During the Bid/ Issue Period, ASBA Bidders/Applicants may approach any of the Designated Intermediary to register
        and submit their Bids. Anchor Investors who are interested in subscribing for the Equity Shares should approach one
         of the Book Running Lead Managers on the Anchor Investor Bidding Date to register and submit their Bid.

 (b)      In case of Bidders/Bidders (excluding NIIs and QIBs) bidding at Cut-off Price, the Bidders/Bidders may instruct the SCSBs
         or the Sponsor Banks, as applicable, to block Bid Amount based on the Cap Price less discount (if applicable).

  (c)     For details of the timing on acceptance and upload of Bids in the Stock Exchanges Platform Bidders/Applicants are
         requested to refer to the RHP.

5.2.   ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION OF BIDS

  (a)    The Designated Intermediary may register the Bids using the on-line facility of the Stock Exchanges. The Designated
         Intermediaries can also set up facilities for off-line electronic registration of Bids, subject to the condition that they
       may subsequently upload the off-line data file into the on-line facilities for Book Building on a regular basis before the
         closure of the Issue.

 (b)    On the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Designated Intermediaries may upload the Bids till such time as may be permitted
        by the Stock Exchanges.

  (c)     Only Bids that are uploaded on the Stock Exchanges Platform would be considered for allocation/ Allotment. In UPI
        Phase III, the Designated Intermediaries are given time till the Bid/ Issue Closing Date to modify select fields uploaded
          in the Stock Exchange Platform during the Bid/ Issue Period after which the Stock Exchange(s) send the bid information
          to the Registrar to the Issue for further processing.

5.3.    BUILD UP OF THE BOOK

  (a)     Bids received from various Bidders/ Applicants through the Designated Intermediaries may be electronically uploaded
        on the Bidding Platform of the Stock Exchanges’ on a regular basis. The book gets built up at various price levels.
        This information may be available with the Book Running Lead Managers at the end of the Bid/ Issue Period.

 (b)     Based on the aggregate demand and price for Bids registered on the Stock Exchanges Platform, a graphical
         representation of consolidated demand and price as available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges may be made
         available at the Bidding centers during the Bid/ Issue Period.

5.4.   WITHDRAWAL OF BIDS

  (a)    Any category of Investors can neither withdraw nor lower the size of their Bids at any stage.

5.5.    REJECTION & RESPONSIBILITY FOR UPLOAD OF BIDS

  (a)    The Designated Intermediaries are individually responsible for the acts, mistakes or errors or omission in relation to

  i.       the Bids accepted by the Designated Intermediary;

  ii.      the Bids (including UP ID, as applicable) uploaded by the Designated Intermediary; and

  iii.      the Bid cum application forms accepted but not uploaded by the Designated Intermediaries.

 (b)    The Book Running Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members, as the case may be, may reject Bids if all
         the information required is not provided and the Bid cum Application Form is incomplete in any respect.
  (c)     All Bids by ASBA Bidders (other than 3-in-1 Bids) above Rs. 5,00,000 should be uploaded only by the SCSBs.

 (d)    The SCSBs or the Sponsor Banks, as applicable, shall have no right to reject Bids, except in case of unavailability of
        adequate funds in the ASBA Account or on technical grounds.

                                                 31
[page 32]
(e)     In case of QIB Bidders, only the (i) SCSBs (for Bids other than the Bids by Anchor Investors); and (ii) Book Running
       Lead Managers and their affiliate Syndicate Members (only in the specified locations) have the right to reject bids.
       However, such rejection shall be made at the time of receiving the Bid and only after assigning a reason for such rejection
         in writing.

(f)      All bids by QIBs, NIIs & Individual Investors Bids can be rejected on technical grounds listed herein.

5.5.1.  GROUNDS FOR TECHNICAL REJECTIONS

       Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form can be rejected on the below mentioned technical grounds either at the time of
          their submission to any of the Designated Intermediaries, or at the time of finalisation of the Basis of Allotment.
        Bidders/Applicants are advised to note that the Bids/Applications are liable to be rejected, among other things, on the following
        grounds, which have been detailed at various places in this GID:-

(a)      Bid/Application by persons not competent to contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872, as amended, (other than minors
        having valid Depository Account as per Demographic Details provided by Depositories);

(b)      Bids/Applications of Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) accompanied by cash, draft, cheques, money order or any other
      mode of payment other than amounts blocked in the Bidders’ ASBA Account;

(c)      Bids/Applications by OCBs;

(d)      In case of partnership firms, Bid/Application for Equity Shares made in the name of the firm. However, a limited liability
         partnership can apply in its own name;

(e)      In case of Bids/Applications under power of attorney or by limited companies, corporate, trust etc., relevant documents are
        not being submitted along with the Bid cum application form/Application Form;

(f)      Bids/Applications by persons prohibited from buying, selling or dealing in the shares directly or indirectly by SEBI or any
         other regulatory authority;

(g)      Bids/Applications by any person outside India if not in compliance with applicable foreign and Indian laws;

(h)    DP ID and Client ID not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form;

(i)    ASBA Account number or UPI ID not mentioned or incorrectly mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application
       Form;

(j)      In case of Bids by Individual Investors (applying through the UPI mechanism) through a UPI handle not covered in the
         prescribed list of SEBI.

(k)      In case of Bids by Individual Investors (applying through the UPI mechanism) using a bank account of an SCSB or bank
       which is not covered in the prescribed list of SEBI.

(l)    PAN not mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form except for Bids/Applications by or on behalf of the
        Central or State Government and officials appointed by the court and by the investors residing in the State of Sikkim, provided
        such claims have been verified by the Depository Participant;

(m)     In case no corresponding record is available with the Depositories that matches the DP ID, the Client ID and the PAN;

(n)      Bids/Applications for lower number of Equity Shares than the minimum specified for that category of investors;

(o)      Bids/Applications at a price less than the Floor Price & Bids/Applications at a price more than the Cap Price;
   ;

(p)     The amounts mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form does not tally with the amount payable for the
        value of the Equity Shares Bid/Applied for;

(q)      Bids/Applications for amounts greater than the maximum permissible amounts prescribed by the regulations;

(r)     Submission of Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form using third party UPI ID or ASBA Bank Account;

(s)     Submission of more than one Bid cum Application Form per UPI ID by Individual Investors bidding through Designated
         Intermediaries other than SCSBs (except for Individual Investors applying as Individual Shareholders also);

(t)      Submission of more than one Bid cum Application Form per ASBA Account by Bidders bidding through Designated

                                                 32
[page 33]
            Intermediaries (except in case of joint account holders);
  (u)      In case of joint Bids, submission of Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form using second or third party’s UPI ID or
      ASBA Bank Account;

  (v)      Bids/Applications for number of Equity Shares which are not in multiples of Equity Shares as specified in the RHP;

 (w)     Multiple Bids/Applications as defined in this GID and the RHP/Prospectus;

  (x)     Bid cum Application Forms/Application Forms are not delivered by the Bidders/Applicants within the time prescribed as per
          the Bid cum Application Forms/Application Form, Bid/ Issue Opening Date advertisement and as per the instructions in the
      RHP and the Bid cum Application Forms;

  (y)     Bank account mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form (for Bidders applying through the non-UPI mechanism) may not be
         an account maintained by SCSB. Inadequate funds in the ASBA Account to block the Bid/Application Amount specified in
          the Bid cum Application Form/ Application Form at the time of blocking such Bid/Application Amount in the ASBA Account;

  (z)      In case of Bids by Individual Investors(applying through the UPI mechanism), the UPI ID mentioned in the Bid cum Application
       Form is linked to a third party bank account;

 (aa)     In case of Bids by Individual Investors(applying through the UPI mechanism), the UPI ID is not mentioned in the Bid cum
         Application Form;

 (bb)   In case of Anchor Investors, Bids/Applications where sufficient funds are not available in Escrow Accounts as per final certificate
        from the Anchor Escrow Bank;

 (cc)    Where no confirmation is received from SCSB or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, for blocking of funds;

 (dd)     Bids/Applications by QIB and NII Bidders (other than Anchor Investors) not submitted through ASBA process;

 (ee)    Bid cum Application Form submitted to Designated Intermediaries at locations other than the Bidding Centers or to the
        Anchor Escrow Bank (assuming that such bank is not a SCSB where the ASBA Account is maintained), to the issuer or the
          Registrar to the Issue;

  (ff)    Bid cum Application Form submitted physically by Individual Investors bidding through the non-UPI mechanism to
         Designated Intermediaries other than SCSBs;

 (gg)     Bids/Applications not uploaded on the terminals of the Stock Exchanges;

 (hh)     Bids/Applications by SCSBs wherein a separate account in its own name held with any other SCSB is not mentioned as the
      ASBA Account in the Bid cum Application Form/Application Form.

  (ii)     The UPI Mandate is not approved by Individual Investor; and

  (jj)     The original Bid/Application is made using the UPI mechanism and revision(s) to the Bid/Application is made using ASBA
           either physically or online through the SCSB, and vice- versa.

 (kk)    Bidders are required to enter either the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID in the Bid cum Application Form. In case the
         Bidder doesn’t provide any of the ASBA Bank account details or the UPI ID then the application would be rejected. For
          application submitted to Designated Intermediaries (other than SCSBs), Bidder providing both the ASBA Bank account  details
          as well as the UPI ID, the UPI ID will be considered for processing of the application.

  (ll)     Individual Investors shall ensure that the bank, with which they have their bank account, where the funds equivalent to the
          application amount is available for blocking, has been notified as Issuer Banks for UPI. A list of such banks is available on SEBI
         website – www.sebi.gov.in:

       Home » Intermediaries/Market Infrastructure Institutions » Recognised Intermediaries » Self-Certified Syndicate Banks
           eligible as Issuer Banks for UPI

 (mm)   In case of revision of Bids by Individual Investor Bidders, if UPI Mandate Request for the revised Bid is not approved, the
         Application is liable to be rejected. Only upward revision is allowed.

 (nn)    UPI Bidders whose application sizes are up to ₹ 5 lakhs have not made their Bids through the UPI Mechanism

5.6.    BASIS OF ALLOCATION

  (a)     The SEBI ICDR Regulations specify the allocation or Allotment that may be made to various categories of Bidders/Applicants
          in an Issue depending on compliance with the applicable eligibility conditions. Certain details pertaining to the percentage of
         Issue size available for allocation to each category is disclosed overleaf of the Bid cum Application Form and  in the RHP /
                                                   33
[page 34]
          Prospectus. For details in relation to allocation, the Bidder/Applicant may refer to the RHP/ Prospectus.

(b)      Under-subscription in any category (except QIB category) is allowed to be met with spill-over from any other category or
        combination of categories at the discretion of the Issuer and in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager and the Designated
        Stock Exchange and in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Unsubscribed portion in QIB Category is not available for
         subscription to other categories.

(c)      In case of under subscription in the Net Issue, spill-over to the extent of such under-subscription may be permitted from the Reserved
         Portion to the Net Issue. For allocation in the event of an under-subscription applicable to the Issuer, Bidders/Applicants may refer
         to the RHP.


(d)      Illustration of the Book Building and Price Discovery Process

        Bidders should note that this example is solely for illustrative purposes and is not specific to the issue; it also excludes Bidding by
       Anchor Investors.

        Bidders can bid at any price within the price band. For instance, assume a price band of ₹ 20 to ₹ 24 per share, issue size of 3,000
         equity shares and receipt of five bids from Bidders, details of which are shown in the table below. The illustrative book given below
       shows the demand for the equity shares of the issuer at various prices and is collated from bids received from various bidders.


              Bid Quantity            Bid Amount (₹)            Cumulative Quantity               Subscription
                  500                      24                          500                       16.67%
                   1,000                      23                            1,500                      50.00%
                   1,500                      22                            3,000                      100.00%
                   2,000                      21                            5,000                      166.67%
                   2,500                      20                            7,500                      250.00%

       The price discovery is a function of demand at various prices. The highest price at which the Issuer is able to issue the desired number
         of equity shares is the price at which the book cuts off, i.e., ₹ 22.00 in the above example. The issuer, in consultation with the Book
       Running Lead Managers, may finalise the Issue Price at or below such cut-off price, i.e., at or below ₹ 22.00. All bids at or above
          this Issue Price and cut-off bids are valid bids and are considered for allocation in the respective categories.

(e)      Alternate Method of Book Building

         In case of FPOs, Issuers may opt for an alternate method of Book Building in which only the Floor Price is specified for the purposes
         of bidding (“Alternate Book Building Process”).

       The Issuer may specify the Floor Price in the RHP or advertise the Floor Price at least one Working Day prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening
        Date. QIBs may Bid at a price higher than the Floor Price and the Allotment to the QIBs is made on a price priority basis. The Bidder
        with the highest Bid Amount is allotted the number of Equity Shares Bid for and then the second highest Bidder is Allotted Equity
        Shares and this process continues until all the Equity Shares have been allotted. Individual Investors, NIIs and Employees are Allotted
        Equity Shares at the Floor Price and allotment to these categories of Bidders is made proportionately. If the number of Equity Shares
       Bid for at a price is more than available quantity then the Allotment may be done on a proportionate basis. Further, the Issuer may
         place a cap either in terms of number of specified securities or percentage of issued capital of the Issuer that may be Allotted to a
         single Bidder, decide whether a Bidder be allowed to revise the bid upwards or downwards in terms of price and/or quantity and also
        decide whether a Bidder be allowed single or multiple bids.





                                                   34
[page 35]
                        SECTION 6: ISSUE PROCEDURE IN FIXED PRICE ISSUE

This issue is a Book Building Issue. Hence, this section is not applicable.





                                                  35
[page 36]
                   SECTION 7: ALLOTMENT PROCEDURE AND BASIS OF ALLOTMENT

 The Allotment of Equity Shares to Bidders/Applicants other than Individual Investors and Anchor Investors may be on proportionate
 basis. For Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to RHP/Prospectus. No Individual Investor will be
 allotted less than the minimum Bid Lot subject to availability of shares in Individual Investor Category and the remaining available
 shares, if any will be allotted on a proportionate basis. The Issuer is required to receive a minimum subscription of the Issue (excluding
 any Issue for Sale of specified securities). However, in case the Issue is in the nature of Issue for Sale only, then minimum subscription
 may not be applicable.

7.1.    ALLOTMENT TO INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS

         Bids received from the Individual Investors at or above the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine the total demand
         under this category. If the aggregate demand in this category is less than or equal to the Individual Investors Category at or
        above the Issue Price, full Allotment may be made to the Individual Investors  to the extent of the valid Bids. If the
         aggregate demand in this category is greater than the allocation in the Individual Investors Category at or above the Issue
           Price, then the maximum number of Individual Investors who can be Allotted the minimum Bid Lot will be computed by
          dividing the total number of Equity Shares available for Allotment to Individual Investors by the minimum  Bid Lot
       (“Maximum Individual Investors Allottees”). The Allotment to the Individual Investors will then be made in the following
         manner:

  (a)      In the event the number of Individual Investors who have submitted valid Bids in the Issue is equal to or less than Maximum
          Individual Investor Allottees; (i) all such Individual Investors shall be Allotted the minimum Bid Lot; and (ii) the balance
          available Equity Shares, if any, remaining in the Individual Investor Category shall be Allotted on a proportionate basis to the
          Individual Investors who have received Allotment as per (i) above for the balance demand of the Equity Shares Bid by them
             (i.e. who have Bid for more than the minimum Bid Lot).

  (b)      In the event the number of Individual Investors who have submitted valid Bids in the Issue is more than Maximum Individual
          Investor Allottees, the Individual Investors (in that category) who will then be allotted minimum Bid Lot shall be determined
        on the basis of draw of lots.

7.2.    ALLOTMENT TO NIIs

         Bids received from NIIs at or above the Issue Price may be grouped together to determine the total demand under this category.
        The Allotment to all successful NIIs may be made at or above the Issue Price. If the aggregate demand in this category is less
         than or equal to the Non-Institutional Category at or above the Issue Price, full Allotment may be made to NIIs to the extent
          of their demand. In case the aggregate demand in this category is greater than the Non-Institutional Category at or above the
         Issue Price, Allotment may be made on a proportionate basis up to a minimum of the Non- Institutional Category.

7.3.    ALLOTMENT TO QIBs

         For the Basis of Allotment to Anchor Investors, Bidders/Applicants may refer to the SEBI ICDR Regulations or RHP /
          Prospectus. Bids received from QIBs Bidding in the QIB Category (net of Anchor Portion) at or above the Issue Price may
         be grouped together to determine the total demand under this category. The QIB Category may be available for Allotment
          to QIBs who have Bid at a price that is equal to or greater than the Issue Price. Allotment may be undertaken in the following
         manner:

  (a)      In the first instance allocation to Mutual Funds for up to 5% of the QIB Category may be determined as follows: (i) In the
         event that Bids by Mutual Fund exceeds 5% of the QIB Category, allocation to Mutual Funds may be done on a proportionate
          basis for up to 5% of the QIB Category; (ii) In the event that the aggregate demand from Mutual Funds is less than 5% of
          the QIB Category then all Mutual Funds may get full allotment to the extent of valid Bids received above the Issue Price;
        and (iii) Equity Shares remaining unsubscribed, if any and not allocated to Mutual Funds may be available for allotment to all
        QIBs as set out at paragraph 7.4(b) below.

  (b)      In the second instance, allotment to all QIBs may be determined as follows: (i) In the event of oversubscription in the QIB
         Category, all QIBs who have submitted Bids above the Issue Price may be Allotted Equity Shares on a proportionate
          basis for up to 95% of the QIB Category; (ii)Mutual Funds, who have received allocation as per (a) above, for less than
          the number of EquityShares Bid for by them, are eligible to receive Equity Shares on a proportionate basis along with
          other QIBs; and  (iii) Under-subscription below 5% of the QIB Category,  if any, from MutualFunds, may be included
          for allocation to the remaining QIBs on a proportionate basis.

7.4.    ALLOTMENT TO ANCHOR INVESTOR (IF APPLICABLE)

  (a)      Allocation of Equity Shares to Anchor Investors at the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be at the discretion of the issuer
          subject to compliance with the following requirements:

     i.       not more than 60% of the QIB Category will be allocated to Anchor Investors;

                                                 36
[page 37]
  ii.      One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being received
        from the domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price in accordance with the SEBI ICDR
         Regulations. However, with effect from December 01, 2025, pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue
         of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) (Third Amendment) Regulations, 2025, of which, up to 40% of the Anchor Investor
         Portion shall be reserved in the following manner, (i) 33.33% shall be available for allocation to domestic Mutual Funds and
             (ii) 6.67% shall be available for allocation to life insurance companies and pension funds, subject to valid Bids being received
        from domestic Mutual Funds, life insurance companies, and pension funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price.
          In the event of under-subscription under (ii) above, the allocation may be made to domestic Mutual Funds. In the event of
          under-subscription or non-allocation in the Anchor Investor Portion, the balance Equity Shares shall be added to the remaining
       QIB Portion (other than the Anchor Investor Portion) (“Net QIB Portion”); and

  iii.      allocation to Anchor Investors shall be on a discretionary basis and subject to:

        a maximum number of two Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹ 2 crores;

        a minimum number of two Anchor Investors and maximum number of 15 Anchor Investors for allocation of more than ₹ 2
          crores and up to ₹ 25 crores subject to minimum allotment of ₹ 1 crores per such Anchor Investor; and

         in case of allocation above twenty five crore rupees; a minimum number of five Anchor Investors and a maximum number
         of 15 Anchor Investors for allocation up to ₹ 25 crores and an additional 10 Anchor Investors for every additional ₹ 25
          crores or part thereof, subject to minimum allotment of ₹ 1 crores per such Anchor Investor.

  (b)   A physical book is prepared by the Registrar on the basis of the Bid cum Application Forms received from Anchor Investors.
        Based on the physical book and at the discretion of the issuer in consultation with the BRLMs, selected Anchor Investors
          will be sent a CAN and if required, a revised CAN.

  (c)      In the event that the Issue Price is higher than the Anchor Investor Issue Price: Anchor Investors will be sent a revised
      CAN within one day of the Pricing Date indicating the number of Equity Shares allocated to such Anchor Investor and the
         pay-in date for payment of the balance amount. Anchor Investors are then required to pay any additional amounts, being
          the difference between the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price, as indicated in the revised CAN within the pay-
          in date referred to in the revised CAN. Thereafter, the Allotment Advice will be issued to such Anchor Investors.

  (d)      In the event the Issue Price is lower than the Anchor Investor Issue Price: Anchor Investors who have been Allotted Equity
         Shares will directly receive Allotment Advice.

7.5.    BASIS OF ALLOTMENT FOR QIBs (OTHER THAN ANCHOR INVESTORS), NIIs AND RESERVED
      CATEGORY IN CASE OF OVER-SUBSCRIBED ISSUE

          In the event of the Issue being over-subscribed, the Issuer may finalise the Basis of Allotment in consultation with
          the Designated Stock Exchange in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.

        The allocation may be made in marketable lots, on a proportionate basis as explained below:

  (a)     Bidders may be categorized according to the number of Equity Shares applied for.

  (b)     The total number of Equity Shares to be allotted to each category as a whole may be arrived at on a proportionate basis,
        which is the total number of Equity Shares applied for in that category (number of Bidders in the category multiplied by
          the number of Equity Shares applied for) multiplied by the inverse of the over-subscription ratio.

  (c)     The number of Equity Shares to be allotted to the successful Bidders may be arrived at on a proportionate basis, which is
           total number of Equity Shares applied for by each Bidder in that category multiplied by the inverse of the over-subscription
            ratio.

  (d)      In all Bids where the proportionate Allotment is less than the minimum Bid Lot decided per Bidder, the Allotment may be
       made as follows: the successful Bidders out of the total Bidders for a category may be determined by a draw of lots in a
        manner such that the total number of Equity Shares Allotted in that category is equal to the number of Equity Shares
          calculated in accordance with (b) above; and each successful Bidder may be Allotted a minimum of such Equity Shares
         equal to the minimum Bid Lot finalised by the Issuer.

  (e)       If the proportionate Allotment to a Bidder is a number that is more than the minimum Bid Lot but is not a multiple of one
         (which is the marketable lot), the decimal may be rounded off to the higher whole number if that decimal is 0.5 or higher.
            If that number is lower than 0.5 it may be rounded off to the lower whole number. Allotment to all Bidders in such categories
       may be arrived at after such rounding off.

  (f)        If the Equity Shares allocated on a proportionate basis to any category are more than the Equity Shares Allotted to the
         Bidders in that category, the remaining Equity Shares available for allotment may be first adjusted against any other
                                                37
[page 38]
            category, where the Allotted Equity Shares are not sufficient for proportionate Allotment to the successful Bidders in that
            category. The balance Equity Shares, if any, remaining after such adjustment may be added to the category comprising
           Bidders applying for minimum number of Equity Shares.

  7.6.    DESIGNATED DATE AND ALLOTMENT OF EQUITY SHARES


(a)     Designated Date: On the Designated Date, the Anchor Escrow Bank shall transfer the funds represented by allocation of
        Equity Shares to Anchor Investors from the Escrow Accounts, as per the terms of the Cash Escrow Agreement, into the Public
        Issue Account with the Bankers to the Issue. The balance amount after transfer to the Public Issue Account shall be transferred
         to the Refund Account. Payments of refund to the Bidders applying in the Anchor Investor Portion shall be made from the
       Refund Account as per the terms of the Cash Escrow Agreement and the RHP. On the Designated Date, the Registrar to the Issue
          shall instruct the SCSBs or the Sponsor Bank, as applicable, to transfer funds represented by allocation of Equity Shares from
     ASBA Accounts into the Public Issue Account.

(b)      Issuance of Allotment Advice: Upon approval of the Basis of Allotment by the Designated Stock Exchange, the Registrar shall
        upload the same on its website. On the basis of the approved Basis of Allotment, the Issuer shall pass necessary resolutions
        and undertake corporate actions to facilitate the Allotment and credit of Equity Shares to successful Bidders/Applicants.
        Bidders/Applicants are advised to instruct their Depository Participant to accept the Equity Shares that may be allotted to them
        pursuant to the Issue.

        Pursuant to confirmation of such corporate actions, the Registrar will dispatch Allotment Advice to the Bidders/Applicants
      who have been Allotted Equity Shares in the Issue.

(c)     The dispatch of Allotment Advice shall be deemed a valid, binding and irrevocable contract.

(d)      Issuer will ensure that: (i) the Allotment of Equity Shares; and (ii) credit of shares to the successful Bidders/Applicants Depository
       Account will be completed within two Working Days ofthe Bid/ Issue Closing Date.





                                                  38
[page 39]
                               SECTION 8: INTEREST AND REFUNDS

8.1.    COMPLETION OF FORMALITIES FOR LISTING & COMMENCEMENT OF TRADING

        The Issuer may ensure that all steps for the completion of the necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading
           at all the Stock Exchanges are taken within three Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date.

 8.2.   GROUNDS FOR REFUND

 8.2.1.  NON RECEIPT OF LISTING PERMISSION

       An Issuer makes an application to the Stock Exchange(s) for permission to deal in/list and for an official quotation of the
         Equity Shares. All the Stock Exchanges from where such permission is sought are disclosed in RHP/Prospectus. The
         Designated Stock Exchange will be disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus with which the Basis of Allotment may be finalised.

            If the Issuer fails to make application to the Stock Exchange(s) and obtain permission for listing of the Equity Shares, in
         accordance with the provisions of Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Issuer may be punishable with a fine which
           shall not be less than ₹ 5 lakhs but which may extend to ₹ 50 lakhs and every officer of the Issuer who is in default shall
         be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year or with fine which shall not be less than
        ₹ 50,000 but which may extend to ₹ 3 lakhs, or with both.

            If the permissions to deal in and for an official quotation of the Equity Shares are not granted by any of the Stock Exchange(s),
          the Issuer may forthwith take steps to refund, without interest, all moneys received from the Bidders/Applicants in pursuance
          of the RHP/Prospectus.

            If such money is not refunded to Bidders within the prescribed time after the Issuer becomes liable to repay it, then the
          Issuer and every director of the Issuer who is an officer in default may, on and from such expiry of such period, be liable
           to repay the money, with interest at such rate, as disclosed in the RHP/Prospectus.

 8.2.2.  NON-FULFILLMENT OF THE OBLIGATIONS BY THE UNDERWRITERS

         This Issue is not restricted to any minimum subscription level and is 100% underwritten. As per Section 39 of the Companies
          Act, 2013, if the stated minimum amount has not be subscribed and the sum payable on application is not received within a
          period of 30 days from the date of the Prospectus, the application money has to be returned within such period as may be
          prescribed. If our Company does not receive the 100% subscription of the Issue through the Issue Document including
         devolvement of Underwriters, if any, within sixty (60) days from the date of closure of the Issue, our Company shall
          forthwith refund the entire subscription amount received. If there is a delay beyond eight days after our Company becomes
           liable to pay the amount, our Company and every officer in default will, on and from the expiry of this period, be jointly and
          severally liable to repay the money, with interest or other penalty as prescribed under the SEBI Regulations, the Companies
         Act 2013 and applicable law.

 8.2.3.  NON RECEIPT OF MINIMUM SUBSCRIPTION

            If the Issuer does not receive a minimum subscription (excluding any Issue for sale of specified securities), including
         devolvement to the Underwriters, as applicable, the Issuer may forthwith, take steps to unblock the entire subscription
        amount received within three Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date and repay, without interest, all moneys received
        from Anchor Investors. This is further subject to the compliance with Rule 19(2) (b) of the SCRR. In case the Issue is
           in the nature of Offer for Sale only, then minimum subscription may not be applicable. In case of under- subscription in the
          Issue, the Equity Shares in the Issue will be issued prior to the sale of Equity Shares in the Offer for Sale.

            If there is a delay beyond the prescribed time after the Issuer becomes liable to pay or unblock the amount received from
          Bidders, then the Issuer and every director of the Issuer who is an officer in default may on and from expiry of prescribed
         time period under applicable laws, be jointly and severally liable to repay the money, with interest at the rate of 15% per
       annum in accordance with the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, as amended.

 8.2.4.  MINIMUM NUMBER OF ALLOTTEES

        The Issuer may ensure that the number of prospective Allottees to whom Equity Shares may be allotted may not be
           less than 200 failing which the entire application monies may be refunded forthwith.

 8.2.5.  IN CASE OF ISSUES MADE UNDER COMPULSORY BOOK BUILDING

          In case an Issuer not eligible under Regulation 6(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations comes for an Issue under Regulation
          6(2) of SEBI ICDR Regulations but fails to Allot at least 75% of the Issue to QIBs, in such case full subscription money
            is to be refunded.


                                                  39
[page 40]
8.3.   MODE OF REFUND

1.       In case of ASBA Bids: Within two Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Registrar to the Issue may give instructions
          to SCSBs or in case of Bids by Individual Investors applying through the UPI mechanism to the Sponsor Bank to revoke the
        mandate and for unblocking the amount for unsuccessful Bids or for any excess amount blocked on Bidding.

2.       In case of Anchor Investors: Within two Working Days of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Registrar to the Issue may dispatch
         the refund orders for all amounts payable to unsuccessful Anchor Investors.

3.       In case of Anchor Investors, the Registrar to the Issue may obtain from the depositories the Bidders’ bank account details,
         including the MICR code, on the basis of the DP ID, Client IDand PAN provided by the Anchor Investors in their Bid cum
         Application Forms for refunds. Accordingly, Anchor Investors are advised to immediately update their details as appearing on
         the records of their depositories. Failure to do so may result in delays in dispatch of refund orders or refunds through electronic
          transfer of funds, as applicable, and any such delay may be at the Anchor Investors’ sole risk and neither the Issuer, the Registrar
          to the Issue, the Escrow Collection Banks, or the Syndicate, may be liable to compensate the Anchor Investors for any losses
        caused to them due to any such delay, or liable to pay any interest for such delay. Please note that refunds shall be credited only
          to the bank account from which the Bid Amount was remitted to the Escrow Bank.

4.       In the case of Bids from Eligible NRI Bidders and FPIs, refunds, if any, may generally be payable in Indian Rupees only and net
         of bank charges and/or commission. If so desired, such payments in Indian Rupees may be converted into U.S. Dollars or any
         other freely convertible currency as may be permitted by the RBI at the rate of exchange prevailing at the time of remittance and
       may be dispatched by registered post. The Company may not be responsible for loss, if any, incurred by the Bidder/Applicant on
        account of conversion of foreign currency.

8.3.1.   Electronic mode of making refunds for Anchor Investors

       The payment of refund, if any, may be done through various electronic modes as mentioned below:

i.      NACH—National Automated Clearing House is a consolidated system of ECS. Payment of refund would be done through NACH
          for Anchor Investors having an account at any of the centres specified by the RBI where such facility has been made available.
        This would be subject to availability of complete bank account details including Magnetic Ink Character Recognition (MICR)
        code wherever applicable from the depository. The payment of refund through NACH is mandatory for Anchor Investors having
         a bank account at any of the centres where NACH facility has been made available by the RBI (subject to availability of all
         information  for crediting the refund through NACH including the MICR code as appearing on a cheque  leaf, from the
          depositories), except where the applicant is otherwise disclosed as eligible  to  get refunds through NEFT or Direct Credit or
       RTGS.

ii.     NEFT—Payment of refund may be undertaken through NEFT wherever the branch of the Anchor Investors’ bank is NEFT
         enabled and has been assigned the Indian Financial System Code (“IFSC”), which can be linked to the MICR of that particular
         branch. The IFSC may be obtained from the website of RBI as at a date prior to the date of payment of refund, duly mappedwith
      MICR numbers. Wherever the Anchor Investors have registered  their nine-  digit MICR number and their bank account
       number while opening and operating the demat account, the same may be duly mapped  with the IFSC of that particular bank
        branch and the payment of refund maybe made to the Anchor Investors through this method. In the event NEFT is not
         operationally feasible, the payment of refunds may be made through any one of the other modes as discussed in this section.

iii.      Direct Credit—Anchor Investors having their bank account with the Refund Banker may be eligible to receive refunds, if any,
         through direct credit to such bank account.

iv.    RTGS—Anchor Investors having a bank account with a bank branch which is RTGS enabled as per the information available on
         the website of RBI and whose refund amount exceeds ₹ 0.2 million, shall be eligible to receive refund through RTGS, provided
         the Demographic Details downloaded from the Depositories contain the nine digit MICR code of the Anchor Investor’s bank
        which can be mapped with the RBI data to obtain the corresponding IFSC. Charges, if any, levied by the Anchor Escrow Bank
          for the same would be borne by our Company. Charges, if any,levied by the Anchor Investor’s bank receiving the credit would
        be borne by the Anchor Investor.

         Please note that refunds through the abovementioned modes shall be credited only to the bank account from which the Bid
       Amount was remitted to the Escrow Bank.

        For details of levy of charges, if any, for any of the above methods, Bank charges, if any, for cashing suchcheques, pay orders
         or demand drafts at other centers etc. Bidders/Applicants may refer to RHP/Prospectus.

 8.4.    INTEREST IN CASE OF DELAY IN ALLOTMENT OR REFUND

          In case of any delay in unblocking of amounts in the ASBA Accounts (including amounts blocked through the UPI Mechanism)
         exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date, the Bidder shall be compensated at a uniform rate of ₹ 100 per

                                                  40
[page 41]
day for the entire duration of delay exceeding two Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date by the intermediary
responsible for causing such delay in unblocking. The BRLM shall, in their sole discretion, identify and fix the liability on such
intermediary or entity responsible for such delay in unblocking. The Bidder shall be compensated in the manner specified in the
SEBI   circular   no.  SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL1/CIR/P/2021/47   dated  March   31,  2021   and  SEBI   circular   no
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M  dated  March  16,  2021,  as  amended  pursuant  to  SEBI  circular  no.
SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570 dated June 2, 2021 SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2022/51 dated April
20, 2022 and SEBI Circular No: SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/76 dated May 30, 2022 shall be deemed to
be incorporated in the deemed agreement of the Bank with the SCSBs to the extent applicable, in case of delays in resolving
investor grievances in relation to blocking/unblocking of funds, which for the avoidance of doubt, shall be deemed to be
incorporated in the deemed agreement of our Company with the SCSBs, to the extent applicable





                                           41
[page 42]
                              SECTION 9: DEFINATIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS

        Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, certain definitions and abbreviations used in this document may have the meaning as
        provided below. References to any legislation, act or regulation may be to such legislation, act or regulation as amended from time to
         time. In case of inconsistency in the description of a term mentioned herein below and the description ascribed to such term in the Red
        Herring Prospectus, the description as ascribed to such term in the Red Herring Prospectus/ Prospectus shall prevail.


GENERAL TERMS

 Term                               Description
 “Avience Biomedicals Limited”,      Avience Biomedicals Limited (formerly known as Avience Biomedicals Private Limited), a public limited
 “ABL”, “the Company”, “Our        company incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 2013 having its registered office at C-11, Block-C,
 Company”, “The Issuer”            Community Centre, Janakpuri A-3, New Delhi-110058, India.
 We/ us/ our/ Group                   Unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, refers to our Company.
 You/ your or yours                    Prospective Investors in this Issue.
 Promoter(s) / Core Promoter         Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary, Mr. Janardan Pal and Ms. Deepa Choudhary. AUR
 Promoters’ Group                   Companies, Individuals and entities (other than companies) as defined under Regulation 2(1)(pp) of the SEBI
                                 (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 which is provided in the chapter titled “Our Promoters”, “Our Promoter Group”
                                      beginning on page 263, 267 of this Red Herring Prospectus.

COMPANY RELATED TERMS

 Term                                  Description
  Articles/ Articles of Association/ AOA    Unless the context otherwise requires, refers to the Articles of Association of Avience Biomedicals
                                           Limited, as amended from time to time.
 Audit Committee                    The Audit Committee of our Company, constituted on December 3, 2024 in accordance with Section 177
                                           of the Companies Act, 2013. For details refer section titled “Our Management” beginning on page 239 of
                                                  this Red Herring Prospectus.
 Auditor  of  our  Company/  Statutory  The Statutory Auditors of our Company, being M/s. Haribhakti & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants holding
 Auditor                                 a valid peer review certificate as mentioned in the section titled “General Information” beginning on page
                                    68 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
 Banker to our Company               Bank of India as disclosed in the section titled “General Information” beginning on page 68 of this Red
                                         Herring Prospectus.
 Board of Directors /the Board / our Board  The Board of Directors of our Company, including all duly constituted Committees thereof. For further
                                                 details of our Directors, please refer to section titled “Our Management” beginning on page 248 of this
                                  Red Herring Prospectus.
 Companies Act                      The Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time.
 Corporate Identification Number/ CIN     Corporate Identification Number being U74999DL2019PLC359158
 CMD                               Chairman and Managing Director
 Chief Financial Officer (CFO)          The Chief Financial Officer of our Company, being Mr. Saurabh Verma. For  details, see "Our
                                   Management" on page 248 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
 Company Secretary and               The Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of our Company, being Mr. Manoj Kumar For details,
 Compliance Officer                       see "Our Management" on page 248 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
 Depositories                 A depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and
                                               Participants) Regulation 1996 as amended from time to time, being National Securities Depository Limited
                                 (NDSL) and Central Depository Services (India) Limited (CDSL).
 Depositories Act                     The Depositories Act, 1996, as amended from time to time.
 DIN                                      Directors Identification Number.
  Director(s)                                 Director(s) on the board of our Company, as appointed from time to time.
 DP /Depository participant         A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996.
 DP ID                       DP ID Depository Participant's Identification Number.
 Equity Shares / Shares                   Equity Shares of our Company of Face Value of ₹10/- each unless otherwise specified in the context
                                               thereof.
 Equity Shareholders / Shareholders        Persons / Entities holding Equity Shares of our Company.
 Executive Directors (ED)            An Executive Director of our Company, as appointed from time to time.
 Fugitive economic offender                Shall mean an individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under section 12 of the Fugitive
                                    Economic Offenders Act, 2018 (17 of 2018).
 Financial   Statements   as   Restated/  The Restated Financial Information of our Company, which comprises the Standalone Restated Statement
 Restated   Financial   Information     /   of Assets and Liabilities, the Restated Statement of Profit and Loss, the Restated Statement of Cash Flows,
 Financial Statement as Restated            for the period ended on January 31, 2026 , and for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 2024 and
                                    2023 and the Consolidated Restated Statement of Assets and Liabilities, the Restated Statement of Profit
                                      and Loss, the Restated Statement of Cash Flows for the period ended on January 31, 2026 and for the
                                               financial year ended March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024 along with the summary statement of significant
                                         accounting policies read together with the annexures and notes thereto prepared in terms of the
                                          requirements of Section 26 of the Companies Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on
                                                        42
[page 43]
                                       Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the ICAI, as amended from time to time.
Group Companies / Entities             Group Companies as defined under Regulation 2(1)(t) of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, “Group
                                  company shall include such companies (other than our Promoters and Subsidiary) with which there were
                                             related party transactions as disclosed in the Financial Statement as Restated as covered under the
                                           applicable accounting standards, and as disclosed in “Our Group Companies” beginning on page 269 of
                                                this Red Herring Prospectus.
Independent Directors            A Non-Executive Independent Director as per the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI (Listing Obligations
                                     and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
Indian GAAP                            Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India.
ISIN                                        International Securities Identification Number, being INE0V9I01017.
Key Management Personnel / KMP      The officer vested with executive power and the officers at the level immediately Below the Board of
                                           Directors as described in the section titled “Our Management” beginning on page 248 of this Red Herring
                                          Prospectus.
Key Performance Indicators” or “KPIs”   Key financial and operational performance indicators of our Company, as included in “Basis for Issue
                                       Price” beginning on page 129 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Materiality Policy                    The policy adopted by our Board on May 23, 2025 for identification of Group Companies, material
                                         outstanding litigation and material outstanding dues to creditors, pursuant to the disclosure requirements
                                      under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as amended from time to time.
MD                               Managing Director
MOA / Memorandum of Association     The Memorandum of Association of Avience Biomedicals Limited, as amended from time to time
Non Residents                A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA.
Nomination & Remuneration Committee  The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of our Company constituted on December 3, 2024 in
                                       accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013.  For details refer section  titled “Our
                                  Management” beginning on page 248 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Non- Executive Director           A Director not being an Executive Director or an Independent Director.
NRIs / Non Resident Indians        A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and who is a citizen of India or a Person of Indian
                                        Origin under Foreign Outside India Regulation, 2000.
Peer Review Auditors                    Auditor having a valid Peer Review certificate in our case being M/s. Manish Pandey & Associates
                                        Chartered Accountants.
Person or Persons                  Any  individual, sole proprietorship, unincorporated  association, unincorporated organization, body
                                            corporate, corporation, company, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or trust or any other
                                              entity or organization validly constituted and/or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists and
                                            operates, as the context requires.
Promoter(s)                               Shall mean promoters of our Company i.e. Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary, Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary, Mr.
                                        Janardan Pal and Ms. Deepa Choudhary. For further details, please refer to section titled “Our Promoters”,
                                “Our Promoter Group” beginning on page 263, 267 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Promoter Group                          Includes such Persons and entities constituting our promoter group covered under Regulation 2(1)(pp) of
                                           the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 as enlisted in the section “Our “Our Promoters”, “Our Promoter
                                 Group” beginning on page 263, 267 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Registered Office                    The Registered office of our Company located at C-11, Block-C, Community Centre, Janakpuri A-3, New
                                         Delhi- 110058, India.
Financial Statement as Restated         The Financial Statement as Restated of our Company, which comprises the Standalone Restated Statement
                                          of Assets and Liabilities, the Restated Statement of Profit and Loss, the Restated Statement of Cash Flows,
                                             for the period ended on January 31, 2026 and for the financial year ended on March 31, 2025, 2024 and
                                   2023 and the Consolidated Restated Statement of Assets and Liabilities, the Restated Statement of Profit
                                     and Loss, the Restated Statement of Cash Flows for the period ended on January 31, 2026 and for the
                                             financial year ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 along with the summary statement of significant accounting
                                             policies read together with the annexures and notes thereto prepared in terms of the requirements of Section
                                   26 of the Companies Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company
                                         Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the ICAI, as amended from time to time.
RoC / Registrar of Companies          The Registrar of Companies, Delhi. Situated at 4th Floor, IFCI Tower,61, Nehru Place, New Delhi-110019
SEBI                                       Securities and Exchange Board of India, constituted under the SEBI Act, 1992.
SEBI Act                                   Securities and Exchange Board of India Act 1992, as amended from time to time.
SEBI (ICDR) Regulations             SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended.
SEBI (LODR) Regulations            SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended.
SEBI (Takeover) Regulations          SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 1997 and 2011, as amended from
                                        time to time.
Shareholders                            Shareholders of our Company.
EMERGE Exchange             A trading platform of a recognized stock exchange having nationwide trading terminals permitted by SEBI
                                             to list the specified securities issued in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and includes stock
                                     exchange granted recognition for this purpose but does not include the Main Board.
Stock Exchange                        Unless the context requires otherwise, refers to, National Stock Exchange (NSE) EMERGE.
Subscriber to MOA/Initial                    Initial Subscriber to MOA & AOA being Mr. Ram Nagina Choudhary, Mr. Dharam Deo Choudhary and
Promoters                           Mr. Janardan Pal.


                                                       43
[page 44]
 Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee    The Stakeholders’ Relationship Committee, constituted on December 3, 2024, in accordance with Section
                                    178 of the Companies Act, 2013. For details refer section titled “Our Management” beginning on page
                                    248 of this Red Herring Prospectus.
 WTD                              Whole-Time Director

KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS

 Key Financial Performance             Explanations
 Revenue from Operations               Revenue from Operations is used by the management to track the revenue profile of the business and in
                                             turn helps to assess the overall financial performance of the Company and volume of the business.
 EBITDA                       EBITDA provides information regarding the operational efficiency of the business.
 EBITDA Margin                  EBITDA Margin (%) is an indicator of the operational profitability and financial performance of our
                                             business.
 PAT                                         Profit after tax provides information regarding the overall profitability of the business.
 PAT Margin                    PAT Margin (%) is an indicator of the overall profitability and financial performance of the business.
 Return on Equity Ratio                  Return on equity (ROE) is a measure of financial performance.
 Return on Capital Employed              Return on capital employed is a financial ratio that measures our company’s profitability in terms of all of
                                                          its capital.
 Net fixed asset turnover ratio             Net fixed asset turnover ratio is indicator of the efficiency with which our company is able to leverage its
                                               assets to generate revenue from operations.
 Current Ratio                       The current ratio is a liquidity ratio that measures our company’s ability to pay short-term obligations or
                                           those due within one year.
 Net profit ratio                        Net Profit Margin (also known as “Profit Margin” or “Net Profit Margin Ratio”) is a financial ratio used
                                               to calculate the percentage of profit our company produces from its total revenue.

ISSUE RELATED TERMS

 Term                        Description
 Applicant                Any prospective investor who makes an application for Equity Shares in terms of this Red Herring Prospectus.
 Abridged Prospectus          Abridged Prospectus means a memorandum containing such salient features of a Prospectus as may be specified by
                         SEBI in this behalf.
 Acknowledgement Slip       The slip or document issued by the Designated Intermediary to an Applicant as proof of having accepted the
                                 Application.
 Application Form            The Form in terms of which the applicant shall apply for the Equity Shares of our Company.
 Application   Supported   by An application, whether physical or electronic, used by applicants to make an application authorizing a SCSB to block
 Blocked Amount / ASBA       the application amount in the ASBA Account maintained with the SCSB.
 ASBA Account           An account maintained with the SCSB and specified in the application form submitted by ASBA applicant for blocking
                                 the amount mentioned in the application form.
 Allotment                      Issue of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue to the successful applicants.
 Allottee                   The successful applicant to whom the Equity Shares are being / have been issued.
 Anchor Investor         A Qualified Institutional Buyer, applying under the Anchor Investor Portion in accordance with the requirements
                                  specified in the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Red Herring Prospectus and who had Bid for an amount of at least
                           ₹200 Lakhs.
 Anchor Investor Allocation    The price at which Equity Shares will be allocated to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and
 Price                           the Prospectus, which will be decided by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager during
                                 the Anchor Investor Bid/Issue Period.
 Anchor Investor Application   The application form used by an Anchor Investor to make a Bid in the Anchor Investor Portion and which will be
 Form                         considered as an application for Allotment in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus.
 Anchor Investor Bid/Issue     The date one Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Opening Date, on which Bids by Anchor Investors shall be submitted,
 Period or Anchor Investor       prior to and after which the Book Running Lead Manager will not accept any Bids from Anchor Investors, and
 Bidding Date                    allocation to the Anchor Investors shall be completed.
 Anchor Investor Issue Price    The final price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted to the Anchor Investors in terms of the Red Herring
                               Prospectus and the Prospectus, which price will be equal to or higher than the Issue Price but not higher than the Cap
                                   Price. The Anchor Investor Issue Price will be decided by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead
                             Manager.
 Anchor Investor Pay-in Date   With respect to Anchor Investor(s), it shall be the Anchor Investor Bidding Date, and in the event the Anchor Investor
                                Allocation Price is lower than the Issue Price, not later than two Working Days after the Bid/ Issue Closing Date.
 Anchor Investor Portion      Up to 60% of the QIB Portion which may be allocated by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead
                             Manager, to the Anchor Investors on a discretionary basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
                               One-third of the Anchor Investor Portion shall be reserved for domestic Mutual Funds, subject to valid Bids being
                                received from domestic Mutual Funds at or above the Anchor Investor Allocation Price, in accordance with the SEBI
                       ICDR Regulations.
 Basis of Allotment           The basis on which equity shares will be allotted to successful applicants under the Issue and which is described in the
                                  section “Issue Procedure” beginning on page 349 of this Red Herring Prospectus.


                                                        44
[page 45]
Term                        Description
Bankers to the Issue, Sponsor   Collectively, the Escrow Collection Bank (s), Refund Bank(s), Public Issue Account Bank(s) and the Sponsor Bank.
and Refund Banker
Bidding Centers               Centers at which the Designated Intermediaries shall accept the Application Forms i.e. Designated SCSB Branch for
                          SCSBs, Specified Locations for members of the Syndicate, Broker Centers for Registered Brokers, Designated RTA
                              Locations for RTAs and Designated CDP Locations for CDPs.
Bid                   An indication to make an Issue during the Bid/ Issue Period by an ASBA Bidder pursuant to submission of the ASBA
                           Form, or during the Anchor Investor Bidding Date by an Anchor Investor pursuant to submission of the Anchor
                                Investor Application Form, to subscribe to or purchase the Equity Shares at a price within the Price Band, including
                                        all revisions and modifications thereto as permitted under the SEBI ICDR Regulations and in terms of the Red Herring
                              Prospectus and the relevant Bid cum Application Form. The term “Bidding” shall be construed accordingly.
Bid Lot                    600 Equity Shares and in multiples of 600 Equity Shares thereafter.

Bid/ Issue Closing Date        Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date after which the Syndicate, the Designated
                            Branches and the Registered Brokers shall not accept the Bids, which shall be notified in in all editions of the English
                                 national newspaper Business Standard, all editions of Hindi national newspaper Business Standard and Delhi edition
                               of Regional newspaper Business Standard where the registered office of the company is situated, each with wide
                                   circulation, and in case of any revision, the extended Bid/ Issue closing Date also to be notified on the website and
                                terminals of the Syndicate, SCSB’s and Sponsor Bank, as required under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.

                         Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, may, consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for QIBs One Working
                        Day prior to the Bid/ Issue Closing Date in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. In case of any revision, the
                             extended Bid/ Issue Closing Date shall be widely disseminated by notification to the Stock Exchanges, and also be
                                  notified on the websites of the BRLM and at the terminals of the Syndicate Members, if any and communicated to the
                             Designated Intermediaries and the Sponsor Bank, which shall also be notified in an advertisement in same newspapers
                                  in which the Bid/ Issue Opening Date was published, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Bid/ Issue Opening Date       Except in relation to any Bids received from the Anchor Investors, the date on which the Syndicate, the Designated
                            Branches and the Registered Brokers shall start accepting Bids, which shall be notified in in all editions of the English
                                 national newspaper Business Standard , all editions of Hindi national newspaper Business Standard , Hindi also being
                                the regional language of Delhi, where our Registered Office is located), and in case of any revision, the extended Bid/
                                Issue Opening Date also to be notified on the website and terminals of the Syndicate and SCSBs, as required under the
                        SEBI (ICDR) Regulations.
Bid/ Issue Period              Except in relation to Anchor Investors, the period between the Bid/ Issue Opening Date and the Bid/ Issue Closing
                               Date, inclusive of both days, during which prospective Bidders can submit their Bids, including any revisions thereof
                                  in accordance with the SEBI ICDR, Regulations and the terms of the Red Herring Prospectus. Provided, however, that
                                the Bidding shall be kept open for a minimum of three Working Days for all categories of Bidders, other than Anchor
                                  Investors.

                         Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager may consider closing the Bid/Issue Period for
                                the QIB Portion One Working Day prior to the Bid/Issue Closing Date which shall also be notified in an advertisement
                                  in same newspapers in which the Bid/Issue Opening Date was published, in accordance with the SEBI ICDR
                               Regulations.

                                In cases of force majeure, banking strike or similar circumstances, our Company may, in consultation with the BRLM,
                                  for reasons to be recorded in writing, extend the Bid / Issue Period for a minimum of three Working Days, subject to
                                the Bid/ Issue Period not exceeding 10 Working Days.
Bidder/ Investor            Any prospective investor who makes a bid for Equity Shares in terms of this Red Herring Prospectus.

Bidding Centres               Centres at which the Designated Intermediaries shall accept the Bid cum Application Forms i.e. Designated SCSB
                           Branch for SCSBs, Specified Locations for members of the Syndicate, Broker Centres for Registered Brokers,
                             Designated RTA Locations for RTAs and Designated CDP Locations for CDPs.
Bid Amount                The amount at which the bidder makes a bid for the Equity Shares of our Company in terms of Red Herring Prospectus.

Bid cum Application Form     The form in terms of which the bidder shall make a bid, including ASBA Form, and which shall be considered as the b
                                  for the Allotment pursuant to the terms of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Book Building Process       Book building process, as provided in Part A of Schedule XIII of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, in terms of which the
                                Issue is being made.
BRLM / Book Running Lead   Book Running Lead Manager to the Issue, in this case being Fintellectual Corporate Advisors Private limited.
Manager
Bidding                   The process of making a Bid.
Business Day              Monday to Friday (except public holidays).
Broker Centers               Broker centers notified by the Stock Exchanges where investors can submit the Application Forms to a Registered
                              Broker. The details of such Broker Centers, along with the names and contact details of the Registered Brokers are
                                 available on the websites of the Stock Exchange.
CAN or Confirmation of      The Note or advice or intimation sent to each successful Applicant indicating the Equity which will be allotted, after
Allocation Note               approval of Basis of Allotment by the designated Stock Exchange.

                                                        45
[page 46]
Term                        Description
Cap Price                  The higher end of the Price Band, subject to any revisions thereto, above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor
                                Issue Price will not be finalised and above which no Bids will be accepted.
Client Id                        Client Identification Number maintained with one of the Depositories in relation to demat account.
Collecting Depository      A depository participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996, registered with SEBI and who is eligible to
Participants or CDPs           procure Applications at the Designated CDP Locations in terms of circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015
                              dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI.
Controlling Branches of the    Such branches of the SCSBs which coordinate with the BRLM, the Registrar to the Issue and the Stock Exchange.
SCSBs
Cut-off Price               The Issue Price, finalised by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, which shall be any
                                 price within the Price Band.

                          Only  Individual Bidders Bidding in the Individual Portion are entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price. QIBs and Non-
                                   Institutional Bidders are not entitled to Bid at the Cut-off Price.
Depository/ Depositories    A depository registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018.
Designated Date            The date on which amounts blocked by the SCSBs are transferred from the ASBA Accounts, as the case may be, to
                                the Public Issue Account or the Refund Account, as appropriate, in terms of the Red Herring Prospectus, after
                                   finalization of the Basis of Allotment in consultation with the Designated Stock Exchange, following which the Board
                               of Directors may Allot Equity Shares to successful Bidders in the issue.
Designated SCSB Branches    Such branches of the SCSBs which shall collect the ASBA Application Form from the ASBA Applicant and a list of
                           which  is  available on  the website of SEBI  athttp://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/home/list/5/33/0/0/ Recognized-
                                Intermediaries or at such other website as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time.
Designated CDP Locations     Such locations of the CDPs where Applicant can submit the Application Forms to Collecting Depository Participants.

                         The details of such Designated CDP Locations, along with names and contact details of the Collecting Depository
                                 Participants  eligible  to accept Application Forms are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange  i.e.
                               https://www.nseindia.com/
Designated RTA Locations    Such locations of the RTAs where Applicant can submit the Application Forms to RTAs. The details of such
                             Designated RTA Locations, along with names and contact details of the RTAs eligible to accept Application Forms
                                are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange i.e. https://www.nseindia.com/
Demographic Details         The demographic details of the Applicants such as their Address, PAN, name of the applicant father / husband, investor
                                     status, occupation and Bank Account details.
Designated Intermediaries/     The members of the Syndicate, sub-syndicate  / agents, SCSBs, Registered Brokers, CDPs and RTAs, who are
Collecting Agent               categorized to collect Application Forms from the Applicant, in relation to the Issue.
Depository Participant      A Depository Participant as defined under the Depositories Act, 1996.
DP ID                        Depository Participant’s Identity Number.
Designated Market Maker      Asnani Stock Broker Private Limited will act as the Market Maker and has agreed to receive or deliver the specified
                                   securities in the market making process for a period of three years from the date of listing of our Equity Shares or for
                              a period as may be notified by amendment to SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Draft Red Herring Prospectus  The Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated July 23, 2025 issued in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which
or DRHP                    does not contain complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be Allotted and the size of the Issue.

Designated Stock Exchange   NSE Limited (“EMERGE NSE”)- i.e. EMERGE platform of National Stock Exchange of India Limited.
Eligible NRI               NRIs from jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an issue or invitation under the Issue and in
                                  relation to whom the Red Herring Prospectus constitutes an invitation to subscribe to the Equity Shares Allotted herein.
Equity Shares                 Equity Shares of our Company of face value ₹10.00 each.
Electronic Transfer of Funds   Refunds through ECS, NEFT, Direct Credit or RTGS as applicable.

Eligible QFIs               QFIs from such jurisdictions outside India where it is not unlawful to make an offer or invitation under the Issue and
                                  in relation to whom the Prospectus constitutes an invitation to purchase the Equity Shares Issued thereby and who have
                           opened demat accounts with SEBI registered qualified depositary participants.
Escrow Account              Accounts opened with the Banker to the Issue.
FII / Foreign Institutional       Foreign Institutional Investor (as defined under SEBI (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended)
Investors                        registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.
First Bidder/ Applicant/         Bidder(s) whose name shall be mentioned in the Bid cum Application Form or the Revision Form and in case of joint
Bidders                          bids, whose name shall also appear as the first holder of the beneficiary account held in joint names.
First/ Sole Applicant         The Applicant whose name appears first in the Application Form or Revision Form.
Fraudulent Borrower           Fraudulent borrower as defined under Regulation 2(1)(lll) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
Floor Price                 The lower end of the Price Band, subject to any revision(s) thereto, not being less than the face value of Equity Shares,
                                     at or above which the Issue Price and the Anchor Investor Issue Price will be finalised and below which no Bids will
                            be accepted.
Fugitive Economic Offender   An individual who is declared a fugitive economic offender under Section 12 of the Fugitive Economic Offenders Act,
                             2018.
General Corporate Purposes    Include such identified purposes for which no specific amount is allocated or any amount so specified towards general
                               corporate purpose or any such purpose by whatever name called, in the issue document. Provided that any issue related

                                                        46
[page 47]
Term                        Description
                             expenses shall not be considered as a part of general corporate purpose merely because no specific amount has been
                                 allocated for such expenses in the issue document.
General Information          The General Information Document for investing in public issues prepared and issued in accordance with the circulars
Document (GID)             (CIR/CFD/DIL/12/2013)  dated October  23,  2013,  notified by SEBI and updated  pursuant  to  the  circular
                         (CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015) dated November 10, 2015 and (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/26) dated
                              January 21, 2016 and circular (SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138) dated November 1, 2018 notified by SEBI.
GIR Number                  General Index Registry Number.
Issue Opening Date          The date on which the Issue opens for subscription.
Issue Closing date           The date on which the Issue closes for subscription.
Issue Period                The periods between the Issue Opening Date and the Issue Closing Date inclusive of both days and during which
                               prospective Applicants may submit their application.
IPO                                  Initial Public Offering.
Individual Investor Portion     The portion of the Issue being not less than 35% of the Net Issue consisting of 4,81,200 Equity Shares which shall be
                                 available for allocation to Individual Bidders who applies for minimum application size (subject to valid Bids being
                               received at or above the Issue Price), which shall not be less than the minimum Bid Lot subject to availability in the
                                Individual Investor Portion and remaining Equity Shares to be allotted on a proportionate basis.
Individual Bidder(s) or        The minimum application size shall be two lots per application, such that the minimum application size shall be above
Individual Investor(s) or       ₹ 2 lakhs. (including HUFs applying through their Karta) and Eligible NRIs
II(s) or IB(s)
Issue / Issue Size / Public       Public issue of up to 14,53,800 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each of our Company for cash at a price of ₹ [●]
Issue                          per Equity Share (including a share premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share) aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs and 82,200 Equity
                              Shares of face value ₹10 each for cash at a price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs will be reserved
                                  for the subscription by the Market Maker.
Issue Closing Date           The date after which the Book Running Lead Manager, Syndicate Member, Designated Branches of SCSBs and
                               Registered Brokers will not accept any Application for this Issue, which shall be notified in a English national
                             newspaper, Hindi national newspaper and a regional newspaper each with wide circulation as required under the SEBI
                          (ICDR) Regulations. In this case being Monday June 22, 2026.
Issue Opening Date          The date on which the Book Running Lead Manager, Syndicate Member, Designated Branches of SCSBs and
                               Registered Brokers shall start accepting Application for this Issue, which shall be the date notified in an English
                                 national newspaper, Hindi national newspaper and a regional newspaper each with wide circulation as required under
                                the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations. In this case being Thursday June 18, 2026.
Issue Price                 The price at which the Equity Shares are being issued by our Company through this Red Herring Prospectus, being ₹
                               [●] (including share premium of ₹ [●] per Equity Share.
Issue Proceeds                Proceeds to be raised by our Company through this Issue, for further details please refer chapter titled “Objects of the
                              Issue” beginning on page [●] of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Listing Agreement             Unless the context specifies otherwise, this means the Emerge Equity Listing Regulation to be signed between our
                         company and the Emerge Platform of NSE Limited (“Emerge NSE”) (“NSE”).
Market Maker              The Market Maker to the Issue, in this case being Asnani Stock Broker Private Limited.
Market Making Agreement    The Market Making Agreement dated July 09, 2025 and the Addendum to Market Making Agreement dated May 27,
Market Maker Reservation     2026, and June 09, 2026 between our Company, Book Running Lead Manager and Market Maker.
Portion                    The reserved portion of 82,200 Equity Shares of ₹10 each at an Issue price of ₹ [●] each aggregating to ₹ [●] Lakhs to
                            be subscribed by Market Maker in this issue.
Memorandum of            The Memorandum of Understanding dated July 09, 2025 and Addendum to Memorandum of Understadning dated
Understanding / MOU         June 10, 2026, between our Company and BRLM.
Mutual Fund Portion       5% of the Net QIB Portion, or 13,800 Equity Shares, which shall be available for allocation to Mutual Funds only on
                              a proportionate basis, subject to valid Bids being received at or above the Issue Price.
Mutual Funds           A mutual fund registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, as amended from time to time.

Net Issue                  The Issue (excluding the Market Maker Reservation Portion) of 13,71,600 Equity Shares of ₹10 each at ₹ [●] per
                              Equity Share including share premium of ₹[●] per Equity Share aggregating to ₹[●] Lakhs by Avience Biomedicals
                               Limited.
Net Proceeds               The proceeds from the Issue less the Issue related expenses applicable to the Fresh Issue.
Net QIB Portion             The portion of the QIB Portion less the number of Equity Shares Allocated to the Anchor Investors.
Non-Institutional Investors/     All Applicants, including FPIs which are individuals, corporate bodies and family offices, that are not QIBs or IIs and
Applicant                who have Application for Equity Shares for an amount of more than ₹2.00 Lakhs (but not including NRIs other than
                                 Eligible NRIs)
Non-Institutional Portion      The portion of the issue being not less than 15% of the Net issue comprising of 2,07,000 Equity Shares which shall be
                                 available for allocation to Non-Institutional Investors of which one-third of the Non- Institutional Portion will be
                                 available for allocation to Bidders with an application size of more than two lots and up to such lots as equivalent to
                               not more than ₹ 10.00 Lakhs and two- thirds of the Non-Institutional Portion will be available for allocation to Bidders
                              with an application size of more than ₹ 10.00 Lakhs and under-subscription in either of these two sub-categories of
                          Non- Institutional Portion may be allocated to Bidders in the other sub- category of Non-Institutional Portion.
NPCI                      NPCI, a Reserve Bank of India (RBI) initiative, is an umbrella organization for all retail payments in India. It has been
                                    set up with the guidance and support of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Indian Banks Association (IBA).

                                                        47
[page 48]
Term                        Description
Non-Resident           A person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and includes Eligible NRIs, Eligible QFIs, FIIs registered
                              with SEBI and FVCIs registered with SEBI.
NSE                  NSE Limited.
EMERGE Platform          The NSE Emerge for listing of equity shares offered under Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018.
Overseas Corporate Body/      Overseas Corporate Body means and includes an entity defined in clause (xi) of Regulation 2 of the Foreign Exchange
OCB                     Management (Withdrawal of General Permission to Overseas Corporate Bodies (OCB’s) Regulations 2003 and which
                         was in existence on the date of the commencement of these Regulations and immediately prior to such commencement
                         was eligible to undertake transactions pursuant to the general permission granted under the Regulations. OCBs are not
                             allowed to invest in this Issue.
Pay-in-Period               The period commencing on the Bid/Issue Opening date and extended till the closure of the Anchor Investor Pay-in-
                               Date.
Payment through electronic    Payment through NECS, NEFT or Direct Credit, as applicable.
transfer of funds
Person/Persons            Any  individual, sole  proprietorship, unincorporated  association, unincorporated organization, body  corporate,
                                 corporation, company, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, or trust or any other entity or organization
                                 validly constituted and/or incorporated in the jurisdiction in which it exists and operates, as the context requires.
Prospectus                 The Prospectus, to be filed with the ROC containing, inter alia, the Issue opening and closing dates and other
                                information.
Price Band                 The price band of a minimum price of ₹ [●] per Equity Share (Floor Price) and the maximum price of ₹ [●] per Equity
                             Share (Cap Price) including any revisions thereof.

                         The Price Band and the minimum Bid Lot size for the Issue will be decided by our Company in consultation with the
                        Book Running Lead Managers, and will be advertised, at least two Working Days prior to the Bid/ Issue Opening Date,
                                  in all editions of Business Standard, an English national daily newspaper, all editions of Business Standard , a Hindi
                                 national daily newspaper and regional edition of Business Standard ,a regional newspaper each with wide circulation
                                as required under the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, where our Registered and Corporate Office is located, each with wide
                                  circulation and shall be made available to the Stock Exchanges for the purpose of uploading on their respective
                                websites.
Public Issue Account        An Account of the Company under Section 40 of the Companies Act, 2013 where the funds shall be transferred by the
                       SCSBs from bank accounts of the ASBA Investors.
Qualified Institutional Buyers  The qualified institutional buyers as defined under Regulation 2(1)(ss) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
/ QIBs
Red Herring Prospectus / RHP  The Red Herring Prospectus issued in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of
                                the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which does not have complete particulars of the price at which the Equity Shares will be
                               Issued and the size of the Issue, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto.
Refund Account (s)            Account(s) opened / to be opened with a SEBI Registered Banker to the Issue from which the refunds of the whole or
                                  part of the Application Amount, if any, shall be made.
Registrar / Registrar to the      Registrar to the Issue being Skyline Financial Services Private Limited.
Issue
Registrar Agreement         The agreement dated July 09, 2025 entered into between our Company, and the Registrar to the Issue in relation to the
                                   responsibilities and obligations of the Registrar to the Issue pertaining to the Issue.
Reserved Category/            Categories of persons eligible for making application under reservation portion.
Categories
Regulations                   Unless the context specifies something else, this means the SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements)
                               Regulations, 2018.
Registered Broker              Individuals or companies registered with SEBI as “Trading Members” (except Syndicate/ Sub-Syndicate Members)
                       who hold valid membership of either BSE or NSE having right to trade in stocks listed on Stock Exchanges ,through
                           which  investors  can buy  or  sell  securities  listed on  stock  exchanges,  a  list  of which  is  available on
                             https://www.nseix.com/membership/Member-directory
Revision Form              The Form used by the Bidders to modify the quantity of the Equity Shares or the Bid Amount in any of their ASBA
                             Form(s) or any previous Revision Form(s). QIB Bidders and Non-Institutional Bidders are not allowed to withdraw or
                             lower their bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage.

                                Individual Bidders can revise their Bid during the Issue Period or withdraw their Bids until Bid / Issue Closing Date.
SEBI SCORES             SEBI Complaints Redress System, a centralized web-based complaints redressal system launched by SEBI.
SEBI Master Circular         The SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD-2/P/CIR/2023/00094 dated June 21, 2023.
Registrar and Share Transfer    Registrar and share transfer agents registered with SEBI and eligible to procure Applications at the Designated RTA
Agents or RTAs               Locations in terms of circular no. CIR/CFD/POLICYCELL/11/2015 dated November 10, 2015 issued by SEBI.
Red Herring Prospectus or     The Red Herring Prospectus to be issued by our Company in accordance with Section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013
RHP                       and the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, which will not have complete particulars of the Issue Price and the
                                  size of the Offer, including any addenda or corrigenda thereto. The Red Herring Prospectus will be filed with the RoC
                                     at least three Working Days before the Bid/Issue Opening Date and will become the Prospectus upon filing with the
                      RoC after the Pricing Date.
SEBI Listing Regulations       Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

                                                        48
[page 49]
Term                        Description
Self-Certified Syndicate       The banks registered with SEBI, offering services, (i) in relation to ASBA (other than through UPI Mechanism), a list
Bank(s) / SCSB(s)              of       which          is        available       on        the        website        of      SEBI         at
                              http://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=34 or such other website as
                             updated from time to time, and (ii) in relation to ASBA through the UPI Mechanism, a list of which is available on the
                              website of SEBI at https://sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=40 or such other
                              website as updated from time to time.

                                In relation to Bids (other than Bids by Anchor Investor) submitted to a member of the Syndicate, the list of branches
                               of the SCSBs at the Specified Locations named by the respective SCSBs to receive deposits of Bid cum Application
                          Forms  from   the  members   of   the   Syndicate   is   available  on   the   website   of   the  SEBI   at
                              https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=35and updated from time to
                                 time.

                                In accordance with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76 dated June 28, 2019 and SEBI Circular
                           No. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, UPI Bidders using the UPI Mechanism may apply
                              through  the SCSBs  and  mobile  applications  whose  names  appears  on  the  website  of  the  SEBI  at
                              https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=40and
                              https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmId=43 respectively, as updated
                           from time to time.
Specified Locations          The Bidding Centres where the Syndicate shall accept ASBA Forms from Bidders and in case of RIBs only ASBA
                          Forms with UPI.
Sponsor Bank              The Banker to the Issue registered with SEBI and appointed by our Company to act as a conduit between the Stock
                           Exchanges and the NPCI in order to push the mandate collect requests and / or payment instructions of the Retail
                                Individual Bidders into the UPI and carry out other responsibilities, in terms of the UPI Circulars.
Securities laws             Means the Act, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, the Depositories Act, 1996 and the rules and
                                 regulations made thereunder and the general or special orders, guidelines or circulars made or issued by the Board
                               thereunder and the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 or any previous company law and any subordinate
                                   legislation framed thereunder, which are administered by the Board.
Sub Syndicate Member     A SEBI Registered member of NSE appointed by the BRLM and/ or syndicate member to act as a Sub Syndicate
                       Member in the Issue.
Syndicate                      Includes the BRLM, Syndicate Members and Sub Syndicate Members.
Syndicate ASBA Bidding      Bidding Centers where an ASBA Bidder can submit their Bid in terms of SEBI Circular no. CIR/CFD/DIL/1/2011
Locations                     dated April 29, 2011, namely Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Delhi.

Systemically Important Non-    Systemically important non-banking financial company as defined under Regulation 2(1)(iii) of the SEBI ICDR
Banking Financial Company    Regulations.

Transaction Registration Slip/  The slip or document issued by a member of the Syndicate or an SCSB (only on demand), as the case may be, to the
TRS                             applicants, as proof of registration of the Application.
Underwriters            Who has underwritten this Issue pursuant to the provisions of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations and the Securities and
                           Exchange Board of India (Underwriters) Regulations, 1993, as amended from time to time. The Underwriters in this
                               case are Fintellectual Corporate Advisors Private Limited and Seren Capital Private Limited.
Underwriting Agreement      The Agreement entered into between the Underwriter, BRLM and our Company dated June 09, 2026

Unified Payments Interface     Unified payment Interface, which is an instant payment mechanism, developed by NPCI.
(UPI)
UPI Bidders                     Collectively, individual investors applying as Individual Bidders in the Retail Portion, and individuals applying as
                                 Non-Institutional Bidders with a Bid Amount of up to ₹500,000 in the Non-Institutional Portion.

                              Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/P/2022/45 dated April 5, 2022, all individual investors
                              applying in public issues where the application amount is up to ₹500,000 shall use the UPI Mechanism and shall
                              provide their UPI ID in the Bid cum Application Form submitted with: (i) a Syndicate Member, (ii) a stock broker
                                 registered with a recognized stock exchange (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as eligible
                                  for such activity), (iii) a depository participant (whose name is mentioned on the website of the stock exchange as
                                   eligible for such activity), and (iv) a registrar to an issue and share transfer agent (whose name is mentioned on the
                              website of the stock exchange as eligible for such activity).
UPI Circular               The SEBI  circular  no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2018/138  dated November  1,  2018, SEBI  circular  no.
                           SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/50 dated April 3, 2019, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/76
                              dated June 28, 2019, SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2019/85 dated July 26, 2019, Circular number
                          SEBI/HO/CFD/DCR2/CIR/P/2019/133      dated     November       8,      2019,      Circular     number
                           SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2020/50      dated     March      30,     2020,     SEBI      circular      no.
                           SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/2480/1/M     dated    March     16,     2021,    SEBI     circular     no.
                           SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/CIR/P/2021/47 dated March 31, 2021, SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL2/P/CIR/2021/570
                              dated June 2, 2021 and any subsequent circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard and any subsequent
                                   circulars or notifications issued by SEBI in this regard.

                                                        49
[page 50]
 Term                        Description
 UPI ID                    ID created on UPI for single-window mobile payment system developed by the NPCI.
 UPI Mandate Request      A request (intimating the Retail Individual Bidder by way of a notification on the Mobile App and by way of a SMS
                                  directing the Retail Individual Bidder to such Mobile App) to the Retail Individual Bidder initiated by the Sponsor
                          Bank to authorize blocking of funds on the Mobile App equivalent to Bid Amount and Subsequent debit of funds in
                                case of Allotment.
 UPI Mechanism             The bidding mechanism that may be used by a RII to make a Bid in the Issue in accordance with the UPI Circulars.
 UPI PIN                    Password to authenticate UPI transactions.
 U.S. Securities Act            U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 Venture Capital Fund          Foreign Venture Capital Funds (as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds)
                                Regulations, 1996) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.
 Willful Defaulter or         As defined under Regulation 2(1)(lll) of SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018 which means a person or an issuer who or
 Fraudulent                  which is categorized as a wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution (as defined under the Companies Act,
                             2013) or consortium thereof, in accordance with the guidelines on wilful defaulters issued by the Reserve Bank of
                                   India.
 Working Days                  In accordance with Regulation 2(1)(mmm) of SEBI ICDR Regulation, working day means all days on which
                             commercial banks in the city as specified in the Red Herring Prospectus are open for business:

                                    1. However, in respect of announcement of price band and Issue Period, working day shall mean all days, excluding
                                Saturday, Sundays and Public holidays, on which commercial banks in the city as notified in this Red Herring
                               Prospectus are open for business.

                                    2. In respect to the time period between the Issue closing date and the listing of the specified securities on the stock
                              exchange, working day shall mean all trading days of the Stock Exchanges, excluding Sundays and bank holiday in
                              accordance with circular issued by SEBI.

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRY RELATED TERMS

 Term                                   Description
 AMC                                Annual Maintenance Contracts
 B2B                                    Business to Business
 B2C                                    Business to consumer
 B2G                                    Business to Government
 BSL                                      Biosafety Level
 CGHS                                    Central Government Health Scheme
 CMO                                    Contract Manufacturing Organisation
 CPPP                                     Central Public Procurement Portal
 CRO                                     Contract Research Organisation
 DCGI                              Drug Controller General of India
 EHS                                   Environment, Health and Safety
 FDA                               Food and Drug Administration
 FDI                                     Foreign Direct Investment
 FIPB                                    Foreign Investment Promotion Board
 GMP                            Good Manufacturing Practices
 GST                               Goods and Services Tax
 IATA                                        International Air Transport Association
 ICMR                                    Indian Council of Medical Research
 ISO                                          International Organization of Standardization
 IIT                                       Indian Institute of Technology
 IT                                       Information Technology
 IMA                                     Indian Medical Authority
 KPI                             Key Performance Indicators
 ml                                               Millilitre
 MoHFW                                 Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India
 MT                                     Metric Ton
 QA                                       Quality Assurance
 QC                                       Quality Check
 R&D                                   Research and Development
 SKU                                   Stock Keeping Unit
 WHO                              World Health Organisation

CONVENTIONAL AND GENERAL TERMS/ ABBREVIATIONS

 Term                            Description
  A/c                              Account.
                                                        50
[page 51]
Act or Companies Act            Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time.
AGM                          Annual General Meeting.
AIF                                 Alternative Investment Fund
AO                              Assessing Officer.
ASBA                             Application Supported by Blocked Amount.
AS                             Accounting Standards issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
AY                             Assessment Year.
BG                          Bank Guarantee.
CAGR                       Compounded Annual Growth Rate.
CAN                             Confirmation Allocation Note.
CDSL                             Central Depository Services (India) Limited.
CIN                              Corporate Identity Number.
CIT                           Commissioner of Income Tax.
CRR                          Cash Reserve Ratio.
Depositories               NSDL and CDSL.
Depositories Act                The Depositories Act, 1996 as amended from time to time.
Depository               A depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and
                                      Participants) Regulations, 1996, as amended from time to time.
DIN                                 Director’s identification number.
DP/ Depository Participant      A Depository Participant as defined under the Depository Participant Act, 1996.
DP ID                            Depository Participant’s Identification.
DPIIT                          Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade
EBIDTA                         Earnings Before Interest, Depreciation, Tax and Amortization.
ECS                                Electronic Clearing System.
EGM                              Extra-ordinary General Meeting.
EPS                              Earnings Per Share i.e. profit after tax for a fiscal year divided by the weighted average outstanding
                             number of equity shares at the end of that fiscal year.
Financial Year / Fiscal Year / FY   The period of twelve months ended March 31 of that particular year.
FCNR                            Foreign Currency Non-Resident Accounts
FDI                              Foreign Direct Investment.
FDR                            Fixed Deposit Receipt
FEMA                           Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, read with rules and regulations thereunder and as amended
                               from time to time.
FEMA Regulations                Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident Outside India)
                                    Regulations, 2000, as amended.
FII                               Foreign Institutional Investor (as defined under SEBI FII (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations,
                                 1995, as amended from time to time) registered with SEBI under applicable laws in India.
FII Regulations                      Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Institutional Investors) Regulations, 1995, as amended.
FIs                                 Financial Institutions.
FIPB                             Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
FPI                               Foreign Portfolio Investment
FVCI                            Foreign Venture Capital Investor registered under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign
                                 Venture Capital Investor) Regulations, 2000, as amended from time to time.
GAAP                            Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
GDP                            Gross Domestic Product.
GIR Number                      General Index Registry Number.
Gov/ Government/GoI            Government of India.
HUF                          Hindu Undivided Family.
IFRS                                 International Financial Reporting Standard.
ICSI                                    Institute of Company Secretaries of India.
ICAI                                   Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.
Indian GAAP                      Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India.
IRDAI                            Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India
IST                               Indian Standard Time
I.T. Act                        Income Tax Act, 1961, as amended from time to time.
ITAT                         Income Tax Appellate Tribunal.
INR/ Rs./ Rupees / ₹                Indian Rupees, the legal currency of the Republic of India.
Ltd.                               Limited.
Pvt. Ltd.                            Private Limited.

                                                       51
[page 52]
MCA                              Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
Merchant Banker                 Merchant Banker as defined under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers)
                                    Regulations, 1992 as amended.
MOF                              Ministry of Finance, Government of India.
MOU                      Memorandum of Understanding.
NA                           Not Applicable.
NAV                           Net Asset Value.
NEFT                             National Electronic Fund Transfer.
NOC                     No Objection Certificate.
NR/ Non Residents             Non Resident.
Depository               A depository registered with SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Depositories and
                                      Participants) Regulations, 1996, as amended from time to time.
DIN                                 Director’s identification number.
DP/ Depository Participant      A Depository Participant as defined under the Depository Participant Act, 1996.
DP ID                            Depository Participant’s Identification.
DPIIT                          Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade
EBIDTA                         Earnings Before Interest, Depreciation, Tax and Amortization.
NRE Account                Non Resident External Account.
NRI                       Non Resident Indian, is a person resident outside India, as defined under FEMA and the FEMA
                                    Regulations.
NRO Account                Non Resident Ordinary Account.
NSDL                             National Securities Depository Limited.
NTA                           Net Tangible Assets.
p.a.                              Per annum.
P/E Ratio                             Price/ Earnings Ratio.
PAN                           Permanent Account Number allotted under the Income Tax Act, 1961, as amended from time to time.
PAT                                  Profit After Tax.
PBT                                   Profit Before Tax.
PIO                             Person of Indian Origin.
PLR                            Prime Lending Rate.
R & D                           Research and Development.
RBI                             Reserve Bank of India.
RBI Act                         Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, as amended from time to time.
RoNW                           Return on Net Worth.
RTGS                           Real Time Gross Settlement.
SAT                               Security appellate Tribunal.
SCRA                               Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, as amended from time to time.
SCRR                               Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957, as amended from time to time.
SCSBs                               Self-Certified Syndicate Banks.
SEBI                         The Securities and Exchange Board of India constituted under the SEBI Act, 1992.
SEBI Act                            Securities and Exchange Board of India Act 1992, as amended from time to time.
SEBI       Insider      Trading   SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992, as amended from time to time, including
Regulations                          instructions and clarifications issued by SEBI from time to time.
SEBI ICDR Regulations / ICDR    Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
Regulations / SEBI ICDR / ICDR   2018, as amended from time to time.
SEBI LODR Regulations/ SEBI    Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
LODR / LODR                   2015, as amended from time to time.
SEBI Takeover Regulations         Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations,
                                 2011, as amended from time to time.
SEBI Rules and Regulations       SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018, SEBI (Underwriters) Regulations, 1993, as amended, the SEBI
                                (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992, as amended, and any and all other relevant rules, regulations,
                                      guidelines, which SEBI may issue from time to time, including instructions and clarifications issued by
                                                      it from time to time.
Sec.                                 Section.
Securities Act                  The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
S&P BSE SENSEX           S&P Bombay Stock Exchange Sensitive Index.
SICA                            Sick Industrial Companies (Special Provisions) Act, 1985, as amended from time to time.
Stamp Act                     The Indian Stamp Act, 1899, as amended from time to time.
State Government               The Government of a State of India.
Stock Exchanges                  Unless the context requires otherwise, refers to, the NSE Emerge

                                                       52
[page 53]
STT                                 Securities Transaction Tax.
TDS                         Tax Deducted at Source.
TIN                          Tax payer Identification Number.
TRS                               Transaction Registration Slip.
UIN                           Unique Identification Number.
U.S. GAAP                        Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.
VCFs                            Venture capital funds as defined in, and registered with SEBI under, the erstwhile Securities and
                               Exchange Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996, as amended, which have been
                                    repealed by the SEBI AIF Regulations.

                                    In terms of the SEBI AIF Regulations, a VCF shall continue to be regulated by the Securities and Exchange
                               Board of India (Venture Capital Funds) Regulations, 1996 till the existing fund or scheme managed by the
                                 fund is wound up, and such VCF shall not launch any new scheme or increase the targeted corpus of a
                                scheme. Such VCF may seek re-registration under the SEBI AIF Regulations.





                                                       53